<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1402945_0001493152-23-009839.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17107803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>329324</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9584212</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3307400</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1720857</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1939671</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009839.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330171608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009839
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Progressive Care Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001402945
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-DRUG STORES AND PROPRIETARY STORES [5912]
		IRS NUMBER:				320186005
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52684
		FILM NUMBER:		23781784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 PARK CENTER BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			MIAMI GARDENS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33169
		BUSINESS PHONE:		786-657-2060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 PARK CENTER BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			MIAMI GARDENS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33169

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROGRESSIVE TRAINING, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009839.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For
 the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For
 the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was approximately million (based on a closing sale price of 4.80 per share
as reported on the OTC Market). 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 28, 2023 was . 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 2022
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Special
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary of Risk Factors 
 3 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 36 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 47 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 50 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 5 2 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 53 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 5 5 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Unless the context requires otherwise,
references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K to the Company , we , us ,
 our , our Company , or our business refer to Progressive Care Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report and other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission contain forward-looking statements that are based
on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management s
assumptions. Statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including forward-looking information concerning
pharmacy sales trends, prescription margins, number and location of new store openings, outcomes of litigation, the level of capital
expenditures, industry trends, demographic trends, growth strategies, financial results, cost reduction initiatives, acquisition synergies,
regulatory approvals, and competitive strengths. Words such as expect, outlook, forecast, would, 
 could, should, project, intend, plan, continue, sustain ,
 on track , believe, seek, estimate, anticipate, may, 
 assume, and variations of such words and similar expressions are often used to identify such forward-looking statements,
which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including, but not limited to,
those described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other reports that we file or
furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements.
Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they
are made. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the
date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Investing in our securities
involves risk. The following is a summary of the principal factors that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial
results. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all other information in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
before investing in our Company. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face and are more fully described in Part I, Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

We have a history of losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 

We have a substantial amount of debt of approximately 4.3 million. 

We derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed by pharmacy benefit management companies and there can be no assurance that we will continue to participate in any pharmacy benefit manager network at any future time. 

Events outside of our control relating to public health crises, supply-chain disruptions, geopolitical conflicts, and inflation, could negatively affect our Company and our results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes in reimbursement levels and health care financing practices could adversely affect our businesses. 

A decrease in the introduction of new prescription drugs and generic alternatives may harm our business and financial performance. 

Uncertainty regarding the impact of Medicare Part D may adversely affect our business, financial position and our results of operations. 

Unexpected safety or efficacy concerns may arise from pharmaceutical products at our pharmacies. 

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks may harm our business, financial position, and results of operations. 

Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect our business. 

Reforms to the U.S. healthcare system may harm our financial performance. 

If we are found to be in violation of Medicaid and Medicare reimbursement regulations, we could become subject to retroactive adjustments and recoupment, or exclusion from the Medicaid, Medicare programs, and PBM networks. 

We are highly dependent on one supplier for our products, and a loss of that supplier may adversely impact our ability to sell products to our customers. 

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and a loss of one or both of those customers would have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our inability to find new pharmacy locations at reasonable prices may limit our business growth. 

Product liability issues, product recalls, or personal injury incidents could harm our reputation and materially affect our businesses, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 

If we are not able to market our services effectively to clinics, their affiliated healthcare providers and prescription drug providers, we may not be able to grow our patient base as rapidly as we have anticipated. 

We may fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures, which may negatively impact financing reporting accuracy and investor confidence. 

If we fail to manage our growth or implement changes to our reporting systems effectively, our business could be harmed. 

Our directors and officers involvement in other business activities may result in conflicts of interest. 

The transition to our new Chief Executive Officer will be critical to our success and our business may be adversely impacted if we do not successfully manage the transition process in a timely manner. 

We may suffer a reduction in demand for our products and services which may be caused by several circumstances. 

If new drugs or combination therapies are developed and prescribed to our patients with a lower reimbursement rate than our current drug therapies, our revenues could be negatively impacted. 

We may face unfavorable credit terms or termination of our relationship with vendors, which could negatively impact our business operations. 

Sales of our solutions may be negatively impacted if they are not interoperable with our customers or their vendors networks and infrastructure, or if customers or vendors implement new system updates that are incompatible with our solutions. 

Our ability to generate revenue could suffer if we do not continue to update and improve existing solutions and develop new ones. 

Significant changes to our solutions or systems may result in performance problems and breaches. Additionally, cost-saving initiatives may not deliver expected benefits, take longer to develop or increase the risk of performance issues. 

IT system breaches and failures, as well as inadequate security measures, could lead to liability and reputational harm due to the sensitive information we transmit, use and store. 

Our handling of personal information and other data carries the risk of damaging our reputation and brand, as well as harming our business and operating results if there is an actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data. 

Our ability to generate growth partly depends on our ability to cross-sell solutions to existing customers and new customers. 

Our ability to deliver our solutions is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet and other telecommunications services by third parties. 

We expect to seek to raise additional funds in the future, which may be dilutive to stockholders or impose operational restrictions. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Progressive
Care Inc. Progressive was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on October 31, 2006 under the name
Progressive Training, Inc. We changed our name to Progressive Care Inc. in connection with a merger with Progressive Care Inc. on
November 23, 2010. Progressive, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Pharmco, LLC doing business as Pharmcorx Pharmco
901 and Pharmcorx LTC, Touchpoint RX, LLC doing business as PharmcoRx 1002, LLC Pharmco 1002 ), Family
Physicians RX, Inc. doing business as PharmcoRx 1103 and PharmcoRx 1204 FPRX historically or Pharmco
1103 and Pharmco 1204 (pharmacy subsidiaries collectively referred to as Pharmco ), and
ClearMetrX Inc ClearMetrX is a personalized healthcare services and technology company that provides prescription pharmaceuticals and risk
and data management services to healthcare organizations and providers. Pharmco provides prescription pharmaceuticals, compounded
medications, tele-pharmacy services, anti-retroviral medications, medication therapy management, the supply of prescription
medications to long-term care facilities, contracted pharmacy services for 340B covered entities under the 340B Drug Discount
Pricing Program, and health practice risk management. Pharmco also offers certain disease testing and vaccinations. 

We offer services in a variety
of languages, including English, Spanish, French, Creole, Portuguese, Ukrainian and Russian. 

Our services are designed to provide satisfaction across all medication
stakeholders and enhance loyalty and key performance metrics. We offer value-added services at no additional charge including prior authorization
assistance, same-day home-medication delivery, on site provider consultation services, primary care reporting and analytics, and customized
packaging solutions. The pharmacies accept most major insurance plans and provide access to co-pay assistance programs to income qualified
patients, discount and manufacturer coupons, and competitive cash payment options. 

Products
and Services 

We
enhance patient adherence to complex drug regimens, collect and report data, and ensure effective dispensing of medications to support
the needs of patients, providers, and payors. Our patient and provider support services ensure appropriate drug initiation, facilitate
patient compliance and adherence, and capture important information regarding safety and effectiveness of the medications that we dispense. 

Pharmco
is rated by pharmacy benefit managers PBMs based on its ability to adequately supply chronic care medications to patients
during a measurement period. This score is then compared to the scores of other pharmacies in the network at which point a relative rating
is issued. For the year ended December 31, 2022, per EQuIPP , a performance information management tool that provides
standardized, benchmarked data to help shape strategies and guide medication-related performance improvement, our performance score was
Five Stars, ranking our pharmacy among the top pharmacies in the U.S. Primary care physicians may refer patients to pharmacies that
have high performance scores, though patients retain the right to have their prescriptions dispensed by a network of pharmacies of their
choice. 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary, ClearMetrX, we offer data management and reporting services to support health care organizations. There
are substantial restrictions in federal and state laws on the use and sharing of patient data and ClearMetrX is in compliance with such
laws. The ClearMetrX offerings include data management and Third-Party Administration TPA services for 340B covered entities,
pharmacy data analytics, and programs to manage HEDIS Quality Measures including Medication Adherence. These offerings cater to the glaring
need for frontline providers to understand best practices, patient behaviors, care management processes, and the financial mechanisms
behind these decisions. We provide data access and actionable insights that providers and support organizations can use to improve their
practice and patient care. 

Pharmco
also provides contracted pharmacy services for 340B covered entities under the 340B Drug Discount Pricing Program. Under the terms of
these agreements, we act as a pass through for third-party payor reimbursements on prescription claims adjudicated on behalf of each
340B covered entity and receive a dispensing fee per prescription. These dispensing fees vary by the 340B covered entity and the level
of service provided by us. 

For
our long-term care LTC customers, Pharmco provides purchasing, repackaging and dispensing of both prescription and non-prescription
pharmaceutical products. Pharmco utilizes a unit-of-dose packaging system as opposed to the traditional vials as this method of distribution
is the industry best practice standard. Pharmco is equipped for various types of unit-of-dose packaging options to meet the needs of
LTC patients and retail customers. Pharmco uses the same robotic packaging systems currently used by chain, mail order, and large-scale
pharmacies. Pharmco also provides computerized maintenance of patient prescription histories, third-party billing and consultant pharmacist
services. Pharmco s consultant pharmacist services consist primarily of evaluation of monthly patient drug therapy and monitoring
the LTC institution s drug distribution system. 

Medication
therapy management MTM involves review and adjustment of prescribed drug therapies to improve patient health outcomes
for patients with multiple prescriptions. This process includes several activities such as performing patient assessments, creating medication
treatment plans, monitoring the effectiveness of and adherence to prescribed therapies, and delivering documentation of these services
to the patient s physician to coordinate comprehensive care. 

Distribution
Methods 

We
currently deliver prescriptions throughout Florida and ship medications to residents in those states where we hold non-resident pharmacy
licenses. We currently hold Florida Community Pharmacy Permits at all Florida pharmacy locations and our Pharmco 901 location is licensed
as a non-resident pharmacy in the following states: Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey,
New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Utah. We can dispense to patients in the state of Massachusetts without a non-resident pharmacy license
because Massachusetts does not require such a license for these activities. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Pharmco
subsidiaries are full-service retail specialty services pharmacies that offer same-day free delivery within Florida. 

Industry
Overview and Market Opportunities 

Pharmacy
operations 

The
retail pharmacy and pharmaceutical wholesale industries are highly competitive
and dynamic and have experienced consolidation and an evolving competitive landscape in recent years. Prescription drugs play a significant
role in healthcare, constituting a first line of treatment for many medical conditions. New and innovative drugs will improve quality
of life and control healthcare costs. In light of accelerating usage of mail order and delivery-based services, both before and after
the global COVID-19 pandemic, we believe the market for personalized and convenient care access is increasing. We have provided same-day
and next-day home delivery services since the beginning of our operations. We are well positioned in Florida to gain additional market
share among a broad demographic of patients due to our high-performance scores and value-added services. Additionally, we value opportunities
that create strategic partnerships, acquire synergistic operations and expand current operations to round out pharmacy capabilities which
could potentially include, but are not limited to, specialty medications, sterile compounding, and mail-order. 

Data
management services 

The
latest trend in healthcare is to use data to improve patient outcomes and quality of life a practice known as Applied
Health Analytics . Data analytics refers to the practice of aggregating large data sets and analyzing them to draw
important insights and recommendations. This process is increasingly aided by new software and technology that facilitates the examination
of large volumes of data to detect hidden information. 

A
key objective within organizations with access to large data collections
is to harness the most relevant data and use it to optimize decision making. ClearMetrX developed the 340MetrX platform that retrieves
dispensing pharmacy data to provide physicians and 340B covered entities with valuable and insightful reports and analytics to manage
their operations. 

We
also serve the following key constituents, to benefit our patients: 

Physicians
and Health Systems: Our team works with physician offices to manage prior-authorization and other requirements of managed care organization
requirements, such as denial and appeal process, to ensure that complicated administrative tasks do not impair the delivery of quality
patient care. We provide risk evaluation services, implement risk mitigation strategies, and collect patient adherence data to provide
physicians and health systems with enhanced visibility. Our tools and processes improve physician performance metrics which in turn results
in enhanced profitability of the physicians practices. 

Payors:
 We manage prescription regimens for chronically ill populations and help payors, including health insurance plans and PBMs, reduce
costs through patient care management, reduction in readmission rates, decreased acute care spending for chronic care conditions, formulary
compliance, and implementation of lowest cost-effective alternative therapies. 

Virtual
healthcare services and healthcare technologies 

Virtual
healthcare services, or Telehealth, is a growing segment of the healthcare sector. It involves remotely exchanging patient data
between locations for the purposes of obtaining assistance in monitoring and diagnosing. Telehealth allows the healthcare
practitioner to easily offer their services on consultation, care management, diagnosis, and self-management services using
information and communication technologies. These services are being offered through various modes of delivery, such as on-premises,
web-based, and cloud-based delivery. A growing population over the age of 65, the increase in the number of chronic diseases, and a
rise in demand for home monitoring devices are the major drivers which are likely to aid the growth of the telehealth
market. 

In
the current environment, healthcare information is increasingly fragmented with numerous electronic healthcare record platforms, virtual
care systems, pharmacy software, and data silos and transmitters which lack fundamental integration. Healthcare stakeholders are often
at odds about proper care techniques and this lack of alignment increases burdens on providers and patients alike and is associated with
decreasing satisfaction with healthcare services and negative health outcomes. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Growth
Strategy 

We
plan to grow our business by continuing to execute on the following key growth strategies: 

Data
Management Services. We believe that data management for frontline and independent providers, 340B covered entities, and pharmacies
will have increasing importance as health systems evolve to become virtual and digitized. Increasing focus on performance, margins, and
quality, means that our models and platforms will have strategic value through our roots in day-to-day care management. Data management
services will become an increasing driver of growth and development for us with its higher margins and diverse monetization pathways. 

Invest
in Sales and Marketing. We are based in South Florida and will continue to grow our dispensing operations throughout the state, and
there are opportunities to expand geographically throughout the rest of the country. Our data management services and health IT services
can be used by customers across the U.S. and we expect to continue to invest in sales and marketing efforts for these services. 

Selectively
Pursue Growth Through Strategic Acquisitions. We believe the specialty pharmacy industry is highly fragmented and provides numerous
opportunities to expand through acquisitions. While we will continue to focus on growing our business organically, we believe we can
opportunistically enhance our competitive position through complementary acquisitions in both existing and new markets. We plan to selectively
evaluate potential acquisition opportunities in other therapeutic categories, services, and technologies with the goal of preserving
our culture, optimizing patient outcomes, enhancing value to other constituents, and building long-term value for our shareholders. 

Competitive
Business Conditions, Competitive Positions and Methods of Competition 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe we are well positioned to continue to increase our market share based on the following competitive strengths: 

Adding
value to all constituents. The value we deliver to all constituents is based upon our thousands of daily
patient interactions. We help patients adhere to complicated medication therapies, process refills, manage any side effects, and manage
any insurance concerns ensuring that they get the best standard of care. The clinical efficacy of drug therapies, especially for acute
and chronic conditions, is typically enhanced when patients precisely follow the prescribed treatment regimens, including dosing and frequency. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Performance.
 Pharmacies are measured against their peers to improve quality of patient care. We have dedicated staff to track performance metrics,
ensuring high comparative adherence rates. Across the population, an average 50 of patients are adherent to prescribed medication protocols.
We believe our high adherence rates are due to, among other things, our model of proactive patient engagement, direct communication with
and connections to healthcare stakeholders, our patient training and education, patient behavior analysis and medication coaching, compliance
packaging, tracking timing of refills, free home delivery, and language support. We also help identify third-party funding support programs
to help cover expensive out-of-pocket costs. 

Clinically
trained operational professionals. Our licensed pharmacists and technicians have been trained on our patient care
model and data management tools to conduct a full healthcare evaluation. These healthcare professionals not only dispense medications,
but also analyze patients needs, behaviors, lifestyles, healthcare services providers, and payor resources to optimize the medication
therapies received. Our staff conducts this full healthcare evaluation while also communicating necessary care information to authorized
providers and caregivers before medications are dispensed, which differentiates our pharmacy operations from our competitors models. 

Lean
and nimble operational strategy. Healthcare is an industry where best practices are continuously evolving. With increasing emphasis
on reducing healthcare costs which puts pressure on gross margins, we have identified new trends and opportunities pivoting to business
processes better suited to future environments. Additionally, we have focused on diversifying our revenue streams within the pharmacy
industry to identify complementary and associated revenue opportunities to keep the operation one step ahead of market forces. 

Diversity
and cultural awareness . We represent the fabric of the community from which we originate. Our employees consist of diverse faiths,
races, ethnic origins, and sexual orientations. This provides us with the unique ability to speak the language that our patients and
providers speak. It has also allowed us to be innovative in our approach to healthcare by leveraging the broad perspectives of our team
to challenge our methodologies and be responsive to the unique needs of our patients, clients, and customers. 

Competitive
Positions and Methods of Competition 

We
compete with national and independent retail drug stores, supermarkets,
convenience stores, mail order prescription providers, discount merchandisers, membership clubs, health clinics, provider dispensaries,
and internet pharmacies. Competition is based on several factors including store location and convenience, customer service and satisfaction,
product selection and variety, and price. Our primary competitive advantages lie in providing personalized service to the patients and
facility operators, selectively adding labor saving and compliance enhancing processes and carrying inventory to provide rapid delivery
of all pharmaceutical needs, free home delivery services, and data management and analytics. 

In
the United States, the provision of healthcare services of any kind is highly competitive. Our ability to recruit qualified
personnel, attract new institutional and retail clients, and expand the reach of our pharmacy operations relies on our ability to
quickly adapt to changing societal attitudes, market pressure, and government regulation. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

We
face substantial competition within the pharmaceutical healthcare services industry and in the past year have seen even more consolidation.
We expect to see this trend continue in the coming year and it is uncertain what effect, if any, these consolidations will have on us
or the industry. The industry includes several large, well-capitalized companies with nationwide operations and capabilities in
the specialty services and PBM services arenas, such as CVS Caremark, Express Scripts, Humana, Walgreens, Optum, MedImpact Healthcare
Systems and many smaller organizations that typically operate on a local or regional basis. In the Specialty Pharmacy Services segment,
we compete with several national and regional specialty pharmacy companies that have substantial financial resources and which also provide
products and services to the chronically ill, such as CVS Caremark, Express Scripts, Humana, Optum and Walgreens. 

Some
of our pharmacy service competitors are under common control with, or are owned by, pharmaceutical wholesalers and distributors or retail
pharmacy chains and may be better positioned with respect to the cost-effective distribution of pharmaceuticals. Some of our primary
competitors, such as Omnicare and Walgreens, have a substantially larger market share than our existing market share. Moreover, some
of our competitors may have secured long-term supply or distribution arrangements for prescription pharmaceuticals necessary to treat
certain chronic disease states on price terms substantially more favorable than the terms currently available to us. Because of such
advantageous pricing, we may be less price competitive than some of these competitors with respect to certain pharmaceutical products. 

Suppliers 

We
obtain pharmaceutical and other products from wholesale drug distributors. We have maintained a relationship with a primary supplier
that accounted for 95 and 96 of pharmaceutical purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and several
supplementary suppliers. Our primary supplier for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was McKesson. The loss of a supplier could
adversely affect our business if alternate sources of drug supply are unavailable. We believe that our relationships with our suppliers,
overall, are good, and that there are alternative suppliers in the marketplace. 

Dependence
On One or a Few Major Customers 

We
sell to numerous customers including various managed care organizations within both the private and public sectors. Certain
healthcare payors account for up to 56 and 59 of our consolidated net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Medicare Part D and the State of Florida Medicaid public assistance program are major sources of revenue. However,
both government programs are privatized and are managed under several different healthcare payors, the concentration of which varies
throughout the course of the year. Many of these healthcare payors have contracted agreements with our pharmacies for annual terms
that have options to automatically renew annually. We depend on these healthcare payors and a loss of one or more would have a major
impact on the business. The Company or the healthcare payor may terminate the network participation agreement at any time by way of advance
notice to the other party. 

Patents
and Trademarks 

We
currently have no registered patents or trademarks that we either own or lease. 

Governmental
Approval 

Government
approval is necessary to open any new pharmacy or other health services location. 

Effect
of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations 

As
a participant in the healthcare industry, our operations and relationships
are subject to federal and state laws and regulations and enforcement by federal and state governmental agencies. Various federal and
state laws and regulations govern the purchase, dispensing or distribution, and management of prescription drugs and related services
we provide and may affect us. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with all legal requirements material to our operations. 

We
conduct ongoing educational programs to inform employees regarding compliance with relevant laws and regulations and maintain a formal
reporting procedure to disclose possible violations of these laws and regulations to the Office of Inspector General OIG of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Professional
Licensure . Pharmacists, pharmacy technicians and certain other health care professionals employed by us are required to be
individually licensed or certified under applicable state law. We perform searches in criminal, federal and state exclusion lists,
and other background checks on employees and are required under state licensure to ensure that our employees possess all necessary
licenses and certifications. We believe that our employees comply in all material respects with applicable licensure
laws. 

State
laws require that each pharmacy location be licensed as an in-state or
non-resident pharmacy to dispense pharmaceuticals in that state. State controlled substance laws require registration and compliance with
state pharmacy licensure, registration or permit standards promulgated by the state s pharmacy licensing authority. Such standards
often address the qualification of an applicant s personnel, the adequacy of its prescription fulfillment and inventory control
practices and the adequacy of its facilities. In general, pharmacy licenses are renewed annually or biennial according to state laws.
We believe that our pharmacies present and future locations comply with all state licensing laws applicable to these businesses.
If our pharmacy locations become subject to additional licensure requirements, are unable to maintain their required licenses or if states
place burdensome restrictions or limitations on pharmacies, our ability to operate in the state would be limited, which could have an
adverse impact on our business. 

Other
Laws Affecting Pharmacy Operations . We are subject to federal and state statutes and regulations governing the
operation of pharmacies, repackaging of drug products, wholesale distribution, dispensing of controlled substances, medical waste disposal,
and clinical trials. Federal and state statutes and regulations govern the labeling, packaging, advertising and adulteration of prescription
drugs and the dispensing of controlled substances. Federal and state-controlled substance laws require us to register our pharmacies with
the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA and to comply with security, record keeping, inventory control, labeling
standards and other requirements to dispense controlled substances. 

Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act . Certain provisions of the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act govern the handling and distribution of
pharmaceutical products. This law exempts many pharmaceuticals and medical devices from federal labeling and packaging requirements if
they are not adulterated or misbranded and are dispensed in accordance with, and pursuant to, a valid prescription. We believe that we
comply in all material respects with all applicable requirements. 

Anti-Kickback
Laws . Subject to certain statutory and regulatory exceptions (including exceptions relating to certain managed care, discount,
bona fide employment arrangements, group purchasing and personal services arrangements), the federal anti-kickback law
prohibits the knowing and willful offer or payment of any remuneration to induce the referral of an individual or the purchase, lease
or order (or the arranging for or recommending of the purchase, lease or order) of healthcare items or services paid for in whole or
in part by Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded healthcare programs (including both traditional Medicaid fee-for-service programs
as well as Medicaid managed care programs). Violation of the federal anti-kickback statute could subject us to criminal and/or civil
penalties including suspension or exclusion from Medicare and Medicaid programs and other government-funded healthcare programs for not
less than five years, or the imposition of civil monetary penalties. Exclusion from any of these programs or sanctions of civil monetary
penalties could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 

The
federal anti-kickback law has been interpreted broadly by courts, the OIG of the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), and other administrative bodies. Because of the broad scope of those statutes,
federal regulations establish certain safe harbors from liability. Safe harbors exist for certain properly reported discounts received
from vendors, certain investment interests held by a person or entity, and certain properly disclosed payments made by vendors to group
purchasing organizations, as well as for other transactions or relationships. Nonetheless, a practice that does not fall within a safe
harbor is not necessarily unlawful but may be subject to scrutiny and challenge. In the absence of an applicable exception or safe harbor,
a violation of the statute may occur even if only one purpose of a payment arrangement is to induce patient referrals or purchases. Among
the practices that have been identified by the OIG as potentially improper under the statute are certain product conversion 
or switching programs in which benefits are given by drug manufacturers to pharmacists or physicians for changing a prescription
(or recommending or requesting such a change) from one drug to another. Anti-kickback laws have been cited as a partial basis, along
with state consumer protection laws discussed below, for investigations and multi-state settlements relating to financial incentives
provided by drug manufacturers to retail pharmacies about such programs. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Several
states also have enacted anti-kickback laws that sometimes apply not only
to state-sponsored healthcare programs but also to items or services that are paid for by private insurance and self-pay patients. State
anti-kickback laws can vary considerably in their applicability and scope and sometimes have fewer statutory and regulatory exceptions
than federal law. Management understands the importance of anti-kickback laws and has helped structure our operations in a manner believed
to be compliant with these laws. 

The
Stark Laws . The federal self-referral law, commonly known as the Stark Law ,
prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients for designated health services (which include, among other
things, outpatient prescription drugs, durable medical equipment and supplies and home health services) to an entity with which the physician,
or an immediate family member of the physician, has a direct or indirect financial relationship, unless the financial relationship is
structured to meet an applicable exception. Several states have enacted laws similar to the Stark Law. These state laws may cover all,
not just Medicare and Medicaid, patients and exceptions or safe harbors may vary from the Stark Law and vary significantly from state
to state. Many federal healthcare reform proposals in the past few years have attempted to expand the Stark Law to cover all patients
as well. Possible penalties for violation of the Stark Law include denial of payment, refund of amounts collected in violation of the
statute, civil monetary penalties, and program exclusion. Noncompliance with the Stark Law could adversely affect our financial results
and operations. 

Statutes
Prohibiting False Claims and Fraudulent Billing Activities . A range of federal civil and criminal laws target false claims and fraudulent
billing activities. One of the most significant is the federal False Claims Act (the False Claims Act ), which imposes civil
penalties for knowingly making or causing to be made false claims to secure a reimbursement from government-sponsored programs, such as
Medicare and Medicaid. Investigations or actions commenced under the False Claims Act may be brought either by the government or by private
individuals on behalf of the government, through a whistleblower or qui tam action. The False Claims Act authorizes
the payment of a portion of any recovery to the individual suing. Such actions are initially required to be filed under seal pending their
review by the Department of Justice. If the government intervenes in the lawsuit and prevails, the whistleblower (or plaintiff filing
the initial complaint) may share with the federal government in any settlement or judgment. If the government does not intervene in the
lawsuit, the whistleblower plaintiff may pursue the action independently. The False Claims Act generally provides for the imposition of
civil penalties and for treble damages, resulting in the possibility of substantial financial penalties for small billing errors that
are replicated in many claims, as each individual claim could be deemed to be a separate violation of the False Claims Act. 

Some
states also have enacted statutes like the False Claims Act which may include criminal penalties, substantial fines, and treble damages.
In recent years, federal and state governments have launched several initiatives aimed at uncovering practices that violate false claims
or fraudulent billing laws. Under Section 1909 of the Social Security Act, if a state false claim act meets certain requirements as determined
by the OIG in consultation with the U.S. Attorney General, the state is entitled to an increase of ten percentage points in the state
medical assistance percentage with respect to any amounts recovered under a state action brought under such a law. Some of the larger
states in terms of population that have had the OIG review such laws include California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Nevada, Tennessee and Texas. We operate in several of these states and submit claims for Medicaid reimbursement to the respective state
Medicaid agency. This legislation has led to increased auditing activities by state healthcare regulators. As such, we have been the
subject of an increased number of audits. While we believe that we are following Medicaid and Medicare billing rules and requirements,
there can be no assurance that regulators would agree with the methodology employed by us in billing for our products and services and
a material disagreement between us and these governmental agencies on the way we provide products or services could have a material adverse
effect on our business and operations, our financial position, and our results of operations. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

The
False Claims Act also has been used by the federal government and private whistleblowers to bring enforcement actions under so-called
 fraud and abuse laws like the federal anti-kickback statute and the Stark Law. Such actions are not based on a contention
that an entity has submitted claims that are facially invalid. Instead, such actions are based on the theory that when an entity submits
a claim, it either expressly or impliedly certifies that it has provided the underlying services in compliance with applicable laws,
and therefore that services provided and billed for during an anti-kickback statute or Stark Law violation result in false claims, even
if such claims are billed accurately for appropriate and medically necessary services. The availability of the False Claims Act to enforce
alleged fraud and abuse violations has increased the potential for such actions to be brought, and which often are costly and time-consuming
to defend. 

Confidentiality and Privacy . Most of our activities involve the receipt, use and disclosure of confidential medical, pharmacy or other
health-related information concerning individual members, including the disclosure of the confidential information to the member s
health benefit plan. 

On
April 14, 2003, the final regulations issued by HHS, regarding the privacy of individually identifiable health information (the Privacy
Regulations pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA took effect. The
Privacy Regulations are designed to protect the medical information of a healthcare patient or health plan enrollee that could be used
to identify the individual. 

The
requirements imposed by the Privacy Regulations, the Transactions Standards, and the Security Standards are extensive and can require
substantial cost and effort to assess and implement. We have taken and will continue to take steps that we believe are reasonable to
ensure that our policies and procedures are following the Privacy Regulations, the Transactions Standards, and the Security Standards.
The requirements imposed by HIPAA have increased our burden and costs of regulatory compliance, altered our reporting to Plan Sponsors
and reduced the amount of information we can use or disclose if members do not authorize such uses or disclosures. 

Medicare
Part D . The Medicare Part D program, which makes prescription drug coverage available to eligible Medicare beneficiaries, regulates
various aspects of the provision of Medicare drug coverage, including enrollment, formularies, pharmacy networks, marketing, and claims
processing. The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS imposed restrictions and consent requirements for automatic
prescription delivery programs, and further limited the circumstances under which Medicare Part D plans may recoup payments to pharmacies
for claims that are subsequently determined not payable under Medicare Part D. CMS sanctions for non-compliance may include suspension
of enrollment and even termination from the program. 

The
Medicare Part D program has undergone significant legislative and regulatory changes since its inception. Medicare Part D continues to
attract a high degree of legislative and regulatory scrutiny, and applicable government rules and regulations continue to evolve. For
example, CMS may issue regulations that limit the ability of Medicare Part D plans to establish preferred pharmacy networks. 

Any
Willing Provider Statutes and Narrow Networks . Any Willing Provider AWP statutes are laws that require
health insurance carriers to permit providers to join those networks so long as the provider is willing to accept the terms and conditions
of that carrier s plan. Numerous states have some form of AWP law, though nearly all prohibit insurance carriers from limiting membership
within their provider networks based on geography or other characteristics. The laws in each state addressing the legality of narrow networks
vary widely. Some laws address plans only while other laws address non-insurers, like a PBM. Some laws address all types of health benefits
while other laws only address a single type of benefit, like pharmacy. The risk to a pharmacy would be in those states that do not have
an applicable AWP statute, a provider can be excluded from a narrow network. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

While
the offering of narrow and preferred networks is common across the country, there have been many lawsuits challenging the use of these
type of arrangements due to the fact that they exclude certain providers from participating. The outcome of the challenges has varied,
primarily based upon the interpretation of the state laws under which the challenges are made. This is an evolving area of law. Given
the intense scrutiny of drug pricing and arrangements, and the ongoing lawsuits that are being filed in response to narrow networks,
there remains risk in developing narrow networks, which will vary by state, depending on each state s laws and legal precedent.
Additionally, state laws are subject to change at any time, resulting in uncertainty for pharmacy operations in a given state. 

Health
Reform Legislation . Congress passed major health reform legislation, including the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act ACA ), as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the Health
Reform Laws ), which enacted a number of significant healthcare reforms. There have been executive, judicial, and Congressional
challenges to certain aspects of the Health Reform Laws. For instance, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 included a provision that repealed
the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Health Reform Laws on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health
coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On June 17, 2021, the Supreme
Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual
mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA)
into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces
through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly
lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will
be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures
of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 

Costs
and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws 

Not
applicable. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 105 total employees, none of which are
subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Approximately 98 of these employees are employed full-time. We consider our relationship
with our employees to be good. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Risks
Related to our Business 

We
have a history of losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 

We
may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we recognized
overall revenue of approximately 40.6 million and 38.9 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
loss of approximately 5.9 million and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 0.2 million. Our
ability to sustain profitability depends on our ability to have successful operations and generate and sustain sales, while
maintaining reasonable expense levels. 

We
have a substantial amount of debt of approximately 4.3 million, and approximately 0.2 million in principal will come due in 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had cash balances of approximately 6.7
million and 1.4 million, respectively. Over the last several years, we have been substantially dependent on funding our pharmacy acquisitions
and operations through the private sale of debt securities. We have approximately 4.3 million of debt, which includes convertible debt
and accrued interest of approximately 2.8 million. If we are unable to meet
the obligations or default on our obligations in any other way, even if we are otherwise generating positive earnings, we could lose
substantially all of our business assets as well as being held liable for any deficiency in payment. The net result of such a failure
would likely be the end of our business operations. 

We
derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed by pharmacy benefit management companies. 

We
derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed through prescription drug plans administered by PBM
companies. PBM companies typically administer multiple prescription drug plans that expire at various times and provide for varying reimbursement
rates. There can be no assurance that we will continue to participate in any PBM network at any future time. If
our participation in the prescription drug programs administered by one or more of the large PBM companies is restricted or terminated,
we expect that our sales would be adversely affected, at least in the short-term. The Company or the PBM may terminate the network participation agreement at any time by way of advance notice to
the other party. If we are unable to replace any such lost sales, either
through an increase in other sales or through a resumption of participation in those plans, our operating results may be materially adversely
affected. When we exit a pharmacy provider network and later resume network participation, there can be no assurance that we will achieve
any level of business on any pace, or that all clients of the PBM sponsor of the network will choose to include us again in their pharmacy
network initially or at all. In addition, in such circumstances we may incur increased marketing and other costs about initiatives to
regain former patients and attract new patients covered by in-network plans. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Litigation
and other legal proceedings may adversely affect our business. 

From time-to-time we may become involved in legal proceedings relating
to product liability claims, employee claims, tort or contract claims, federal regulatory investigations, securities class action and
other legal proceedings or investigations, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business and financial condition and
divert the attention of our management from the operation of our business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and can result in excessive
or unanticipated verdicts and/or injunctive relief that affect how we operate our business. We could incur judgments or enter into settlements
of claims for monetary damages or for agreements to change the way we operate our business, or both. There may be an increase in the scope
of these matters or there may be additional lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations in the future, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against
us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers confidence and reduce long-term demand for our services,
even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. 

Events
outside of our control, including relating to public health crises, supply-chain disruptions, geopolitical conflicts, including acts
of war, and inflation, could negatively affect our Company and our results of operations and financial condition. 

Periods
of market volatility have occurred and could continue to occur in response to pandemics or other events outside of our control. These
types of events may adversely affect operating results for us. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to, and for an unknown period
of time, will continue to lead to disruptions in local, regional, national and global markets and economies affected thereby, including
the United States. With respect to U.S. and global credit markets and the economy in general, this outbreak has resulted in, and until
fully resolved is likely to continue to result in, the following (among other things): (i) restrictions on travel and the temporary closure
of many corporate offices, retail stores, and manufacturing facilities and factories, resulting in significant disruption to the business
of many companies, including supply chains and demand, as well as layoffs of employees; (ii) increased draws by borrowers on lines of
credit; (iii) increased requests by borrowers for amendments or waivers of their credit agreements to avoid default, increased defaults
by borrowers and/or increased difficulty in obtaining refinancing; (iv) volatility in credit markets, including greater volatility in
pricing and spreads; and (v) evolving proposals and actions by state and federal governments to address the problems being experienced
by markets, businesses and the economy in general, which may not adequately address the problems being facing such persons. While many
countries, including the United States, have relaxed or eliminated the early public health restrictions adopted in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, the outbreak of new, worsening strains of COVID-19 may result in a resurgence in the number of reported cases and hospitalizations.
Such increases in cases could lead to the reintroduction of restrictions and business shutdowns in certain states, counties and cities
in the United States and globally. 

As
the future impact of COVID-19 and its variants is difficult to predict, the extent to which they could negatively affect our operating
results, or the duration of any potential business or supply-chain disruption, is uncertain. Any potential impact to our results of operations
will depend to a large extent on future developments and new information that could emerge regarding the duration and severity of the
COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken by authorities and other entities to contain the spread of COVID-19 and its variants or treat
its impact, all of which are beyond our control. These potential impacts, while uncertain, could adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. 

Disruptions
to our supply chain have and could continue to impact our supply chain for products we sell, particularly as a result of mandatory shutdowns
in locations where our products are manufactured or held for distribution. We could also see significant disruptions of the operations
of our logistics, service providers, delays in shipments and negative impacts to pricing of certain of our products. 

Efforts
to reduce reimbursement levels and alter health care financing practices could adversely affect our businesses. 

The
continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, other companies, government entities, and other third-party
payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates may impact our profitability. Increased utilization of generic
pharmaceuticals, which normally yield a higher gross profit rate than equivalent brand-named drugs, has resulted in a decrease in reimbursement
payments to retail and mail order pharmacies for generic drugs through the imposition by third-party payors of generic effective rates that have caused a reduction in the generic profit rate. We expect pricing pressures from third-party payors to
continue given the high and increasing costs of specialty drugs. As a result of this industry-wide pressure, we also may see profit margins
on our contracts continue to compress, which may adversely affect our profitability. 

PBM
fees, including Direct and Indirect Remuneration DIR fees, transaction charges and network access fees, applied significant
downward pressure on our profitability. DIR fees are often calculated and charged several months after adjudication of a claim,
which adversely impacts our profitability. These fees lack transparency and are extremely difficult to predict and accrue. DIR fees are
sometimes retroactively clawed back by the PBMs with little or no warning at the end of a quarter, which has a significant
downward effect on our gross margins. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Retroactive
contractual adjustments may be imposed on the pharmacies through execution of new contracts between pharmacy services administration
organizations and PBMs with retroactive effectiveness. These contractual adjustments typically impose new lowered
effective rate calculations on previously dispensed medications resulting in a PBM overpayment, which is later recouped with or without
notice to the pharmacy. DIR fees and other PBM fees are generally not disclosed at adjudication and may change throughout the year. These
adjustments and the resultant fees may not be predictable or avoidable and can adversely affect our revenues, cash flow, and profitability. 

In
addition, during the past several years, the U.S. health care industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation at
both the federal and state levels. Efforts to control health care costs, including prescription drug costs, are underway at the federal
and state government levels. Changing political, economic, and regulatory influences may affect health care financing and reimbursement
practices. If the current health care financing and reimbursement system changes significantly, our business, financial position and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected . 

Quality
measurement networks have a significant impact on our revenues. Quality measurement networks can be, but are not always, tied to DIR
fees collected by PBMs. These networks designate specific metrics through which pharmacy performance is assessed. These metrics are disclosed
along with benchmark guidance for quality or superior performance, which can lead to a return of the DIR fees by the PBMs in the form
of performance bonuses. Failure to meet quality measures can result in loss of DIR fees collected and loss of PBM relationship. There
is no guarantee that we will be successful in meeting quality review standards. Quality measurement networks are increasingly rigorous
and can be based on comparative success against other pharmacies in the network. If other pharmacies out-perform our pharmacy or if we
fail to meet quality metrics, our profitability can be adversely affected. 

A
slowdown in the frequency and rate of the introduction of new prescription drugs as well as generic alternatives to brand name prescription
products could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations . 

The
profitability of retail pharmacy businesses is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. Generally, our pharmacies
receive greater profit from generic drugs. Utilization trends are affected by the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals
as well as lower priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products. Accordingly, a slowdown in the introduction of new and
successful prescription pharmaceuticals and/or generic alternatives could adversely affect our business, financial position and results
of operations. 

Uncertainty
regarding the impact of Medicare Part D may adversely affect our business, financial position and our results of operations. 

Since
its inception in 2006, the Medicare drug benefit has resulted in increased utilization and decreased pharmacy gross margin rates as higher
margin business, such as cash and state Medicaid customers, migrated to Medicare Part D coverage. To the extent this occurs, the adverse
effects of the Medicare drug benefit may outweigh any opportunities for new business generated by the Medicare drug benefit. In addition,
if the government alters Medicare program requirements or reduces funding because of the higher-than-anticipated cost to taxpayers of
the Medicare drug benefit or for other reasons; or if we fail to design and maintain programs that are ttracttive to Medicare participants,
our Medicare Part D services and the ability to expand our Medicare Part D services could be materially and adversely affected, and our
business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Unexpected
safety or efficacy concerns may arise from pharmaceutical products. 

Unexpected
safety or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to pharmaceutical drugs dispensed at our pharmacies, whether or not scientifically
justified, leading to product recalls, withdrawals or declining sales. If we fail to or do not promptly withdraw pharmaceutical drugs
upon a recall by a drug manufacturer, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted by reversals of pharmacy billings
that will result in loss of revenue. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Prescription
volumes may decline, and our net revenues and ability to generate earnings may be negatively impacted, if products are withdrawn from
the market or if increased safety risk profiles of specific drugs result in utilization decreases. 

We
dispense significant volumes of drugs from our pharmacies. These volumes are the basis for our net revenues. When increased safety risk
profiles of specific drugs or classes of drugs result in utilization decreases, physicians may cease writing or reduce the numbers of
prescriptions written for these drugs. Additionally, negative press regarding drugs with higher safety risk profiles may result in reduced
consumer demand for such drugs. On occasion, products are withdrawn by their manufacturers. In cases where there are no acceptable prescription
drug equivalents or alternatives for these prescription drugs, our volumes, net revenues, profitability, and cash flows may decline. 

Certain
risks are inherent in providing pharmacy services; our insurance may not be adequate to cover any claims against us. 

Pharmacies
are exposed to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceutical products, such as with respect to improper filling
of prescriptions, labeling of prescriptions, adequacy of warnings, unintentional distribution of counterfeit drugs and expiration of
drugs. In addition, federal and state laws that require our pharmacists to offer counseling, without additional charge, to their customers
about medication, dosage, delivery systems, common side effects and other information the pharmacists deem significant can impact our
business. Our pharmacists may also have a duty to warn customers regarding any potential negative effects of a prescription drug if the
warning could reduce or eliminate these effects. Although we maintain professional liability and errors and omissions liability insurance,
from time to time, claims result in the payment of significant amounts, some portions of which are not funded by insurance. 

We
cannot assure you that the coverage limits under our insurance programs will be adequate to protect us against future claims, or that
we will be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. Our results of operations, financial condition or cash
flows may be adversely affected if in the future our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable or there is an increase
in liability for which we self-insure or we suffer reputational harm as a result of an error or omission. 

Changes
in industry pricing benchmarks could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Contracts
in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. These benchmarks
include average wholesale price AWP ), average sales price and wholesale acquisition cost. 

Recent
events have raised uncertainties as to whether payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in the prescription drug industry will continue
to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within
the industry. In some circumstances, such changes could also impact the reimbursement that we receive from Medicare or Medicaid programs
for drugs covered by such programs and from MCOs that contract with government health programs to provide prescription drug benefits . 

The
industries in which we operate are extremely competitive and competition could adversely affect our business, financial position and
results of operations. 

We
operate in a highly competitive environment. As a pharmacy retailer, we compete with other drugstore chains, supermarkets, discount retailers,
membership clubs, Internet companies and retail health clinics, as well as other mail order pharmacies. In that regard, many pharmacy
benefits plans have implemented plan designs that mandate or provide incentives to fill maintenance medications through mail order pharmacies.
To the extent this trend continues, our retail pharmacy business could be adversely affected. In addition, some of these competitors
may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. Competition may also come from other sources in the
future. Thus, competition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Existing
and new government legislative and regulatory action could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The
retail drugstore business is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. Changes in these regulations may require
extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws
and regulations could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including, but not limited to: imposition of civil or
criminal penalties; suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications or approvals; loss of
authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; or
loss of licensure. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: the laws and regulations; accounting standards;
tax laws and regulations; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including
those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; and regulations of the FDA, the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state regulatory authorities,
governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products that we sell. In that regard, our business, financial position and results
of operations could be affected by one or more of the following: 

federal
 and state laws and regulations governing the purchase, distribution, management, dispensing and reimbursement of prescription drugs
 and related services, whether at retail or mail, and applicable licensing requirements; 

the
 effect of the expiration of patents covering brand name drugs and the introduction of generic products; 

the
 frequency and rate of approvals by the FDA of new brand named and generic drugs, or of over-the-counter status for brand name drugs; 

FDA
 regulation affecting the retail pharmacy industry; 

rules
 and regulations issued pursuant to the HIPAA; and other federal and state laws affecting the use, disclosure and transmission of
 health information, such as state security breach laws and state laws limiting the use and disclosure of prescriber information; 

administration
 of the Medicare drug benefit, including legislative changes and/or CMS rulemaking and interpretation; 

government
 regulation of the development, administration, review and updating of formularies and drug lists; 

state
 laws and regulations establishing or changing prompt payment requirements for payments to retail pharmacies; 

impact
 of network access (any willing provider) legislation on ability to manage pharmacy networks; 

managed
 care reform and plan design legislation; 

insurance
 licensing and other insurance regulatory requirements applicable to offering prescription drug providers PDP about
 the Medicare drug benefit; 

direct
 regulation of pharmacies by regulatory and quasi-regulatory bodies; and 

Federal
 government sequestration affecting Medicare Part B reimbursements. 

Changes
in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect our business. 

Future
rulemaking could increase regulation of pharmacy services, result in changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, and otherwise change the
way we do business. We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking, but any such rulemaking could have an adverse impact
on our results of operations. 

The
sustainability of our current business model is also dependent on the availability, pricing and rules and regulations relating to the
dispensing of controlled medications. Changes that affect any of these variables could greatly impact our current revenue streams as
well as alter our business structure and future plans for growth and development. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Efforts
to reform the U.S. health care system may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Congress
periodically considers proposals to reform the U.S. health care system. These proposals may increase government involvement in health
care and regulation of pharmacy services, or otherwise change the way we or our clients do business. Health plan sponsors may react to
these proposals and the uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or delaying purchases of cost control mechanisms and related services
that the combined company would provide. We cannot predict what effect, if any, these proposals may have on its retail and pharmacy services
businesses. Other legislative or market-driven changes in the health care system that we cannot anticipate could also materially adversely
affect our results of operations, financial position and/or cash flow from operations. 

If
we are found to be in violation of Medicaid and Medicare reimbursement regulations, we could become subject to retroactive adjustments
and recoupment, or exclusion from the Medicaid, Medicare programs, and PBM networks. 

As
a Medicaid and Medicare provider, we are subject to retroactive adjustments due to prior-year audits, reviews and investigations, government
fraud and abuse initiatives, and other similar actions. Federal regulations provide for withholding payments to recoup amounts payable
under the programs and, in certain circumstances, allow for exclusion from Medicaid and Medicare. We cannot offer any assurance that,
pursuant to such audits, reviews, investigations, or other proceedings, we will be found to be complying in all respects with such reimbursement
regulations. A determination that we are in violation of any such reimbursement regulation could result in retroactive adjustments and
recoupment of payments and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. As a Medicaid and Medicare
provider, we are also subject to routine, unscheduled audits, and if any such audit results in a negative finding, finding, we may be
subject to exclusions from Medicaid, Medicare, and other PBM networks, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our
industry is subject to extensive government regulation, and noncompliance by us or our suppliers could harm our business. 

The
repackaging, marketing, sale, and purchase of medications are extensively regulated by federal and state governments. In addition, many
of the brand name and controlled medications that we sell receive greater attention from law enforcement officials than medications that
are most often dispensed by traditional pharmacies due to the high cost of these medications and the potential for diversion and fraud,
waste, and abuse. We sell common blood pressure, statin and other common drugs, and dispense either brand name or generic drugs according
to the doctor s prescription. If we fail to, or are accused of failing to, comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could
be subject to penalties that may include exclusion from the Medicare or Medicaid programs, fines, requirements to change our practices,
and civil or criminal penalties, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any disqualification
from participating in Medicare or the state Medicaid programs would significantly reduce our net sales and our ability to maintain profitability.
Our business could also be harmed if the entities with which we contract or have business relationships, such as pharmaceutical manufacturers,
distributors, physicians, clinics, or home health agencies are accused of violating laws or regulations. 

While
we believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance with existing legal requirements material to the operation of
our business, there are significant uncertainties involving the application of many of these legal requirements to our business. Changes
in interpretation or enforcement policies could subject our current practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality. The applicable
regulatory framework is complex and evolving, and the laws are very broad in scope. Many of the laws remain open to interpretation and
have not been addressed by substantive court decisions to clarify their meaning. We are also unable to predict what additional federal
or state legislation or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future relating to our business or the healthcare industry in general,
or what effect any such legislation or regulation might have on us. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that federal or state governments
will not impose additional restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws that could increase our cost of compliance with such
laws or reduce our ability to remain profitable. 

Federal
and state investigations and enforcement actions continue to focus on the healthcare industry, scrutinizing a wide range of items such
as referral and billing practices, product discount arrangements, dissemination of confidential patient information, clinical drug research
trials, pharmaceutical marketing programs, and gifts for patients. It is difficult to predict how any of the laws implicated in these
investigations and enforcement actions may be interpreted to apply to our business. Any future investigation may cause publicity, regardless
of the eventual result of the investigation, or its underlying merits, that would cause potential patients to avoid us, reducing our
net sales and profits and causing our stock price to decline. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Our
operating results are affected by the health of the economy in general and the markets we serve. 

The U.S. capital markets are currently experiencing extreme volatility
and disruption following the global outbreak of COVID-19 and other global events. Disruptions in the capital markets in the past have
resulted in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets we serve. Our business is affected by the economy in general, including changes
in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. These changes could affect drug utilization trends as well as the
financial health and number of covered lives of our clients, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Unfavorable economic conditions may cause a decline in drug utilization
and dampen demand for pharmaceutical drugs and durable medical equipment as well as consumer demand for sundry products sold in our retail
store and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Further, interest rate fluctuations and changes in capital market
conditions may affect our ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, our ability to secure suitable store locations under
acceptable terms and our ability to execute sale or lease transactions under acceptable terms. 

If
the products and services that we offer fail to meet customer needs, our sales may be affected. 

Our products and services must satisfy the needs and desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the
future. If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we provide or our customers purchasing habits and tastes, we may
be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. In addition,
our sales may decline, or we may be required to dispose of the inventory we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect
on our business and results of operations. 

We
are highly dependent on one supplier for our products, and a loss of that supplier may adversely impact our ability to sell products
to our customers. 

We
obtain pharmaceutical and other products from wholesale distributors. We maintained a relationship with a primary supplier, McKesson,
that accounted for 95 and 96 of pharmaceutical purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and several
supplementary suppliers. If that supplier was to cease supplying us with products for any reason, we would be forced to find alternative
sources for our products. Despite this, we believe we would be able to readily find multiple alternative sources for our products. We
may not be able to quickly or effectively replace that supplier, which may lead to delays in product availability and losses of sales,
which would have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and a loss of one or both of those customers would have
a material adverse impact on our business. 

We
sell to numerous customers including various managed care organizations within both the private and public sectors. Certain healthcare
payors, including Medicare Part D and the State of Florida, account for more than ten percent or more of our consolidated net revenue
in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. Medicare Part D and the State of Florida Medicaid public assistance program are major customers of ours.
However, both government programs function under several different healthcare payors, the concentration of which varies throughout the
course of the year. To the extent we lost the business of one or more of these healthcare payors, our revenues would significantly decrease,
having a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Our
ability to grow our business may be constrained by our inability to find suitable new pharmacy locations at acceptable prices. 

Our ability to grow our business
may be constrained if suitable new pharmacy locations cannot be identified with lease terms or purchase prices that are acceptable to
us. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable pharmacy locations. Local land use and other regulations may impact our
ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of construction. The expiration of leases at existing locations may adversely
affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate. Furthermore, changing local
demographics at existing locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those locations. 

Our
ability to grow our business may be constrained by our inability to obtain adequate permits and licensing for new locations, business
lines, and market territories. 

Our
ability to grow our business may be constrained if new locations, business lines, and market territories are not permitted and licensed
to conduct ordinary operations. Expansion initiatives can be delayed or even canceled due to a failure to acquire certain government
agency approvals. Such delay or cancellation will have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

Product
liability, product recall or personal injury issues could damage our reputation and have a significant adverse effect on our businesses,
operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition. 

Should
a product liability issue, recall or personal injury issue arise, inadequate product or other liability insurance coverage or our inability
to maintain such insurance may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Products that we sell could
become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging
of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury. Product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect
to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide. 

If
we are not able to market our services effectively to clinics, their affiliated healthcare providers and prescription drug providers,
we may not be able to grow our patient base as rapidly as we have anticipated. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and maintain relationships with clinics and their affiliated healthcare providers
because each is an important patient referral source for our business. In addition, we also must maintain and continue to establish relationships
with prescription drug providers so we can continue to fill prescriptions for our dual eligible customers who receive prescription drug
coverage under Medicare Part D. If we are unable to market our services effectively to these clinics, healthcare providers and prescription
drug providers, or if our existing relationships with clinics and providers are terminated, our ability to grow our patient base will
be harmed, which could significantly reduce our net sales and our ability to maintain profitability. Additionally, Medicare Part D regulations
that strictly limit our ability to market to our current and new patients may limit our ability to maintain and grow our current patient
base. 

We
may fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures, and as a result,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner or prevent fraud, which may adversely affect investor
confidence in our company. 

We
are not currently required to comply with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or Commission implementing Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, therefore, we are not required to make
a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. We are required to
comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which require management to
certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. Although we will be required to disclose changes made in our internal
controls and procedures on a quarterly basis, we are not required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC. As
an emerging growth company and a low-revenue smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not
be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until we are no
longer an emerging growth company or a low-revenue smaller reporting company. At such time, our independent registered public
accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event material weaknesses have been identified in our internal control
over financial reporting. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

To
comply with the requirements of being a public company, we have undertaken and will need to undertake additional actions, such as implementing
new internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or internal audit staff. Testing and maintaining internal control
can divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of our business. In addition, when
evaluating our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify material weaknesses that we may not be able to remediate in
time to meet the applicable deadlines imposed upon us for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. If we identify any material
weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting or we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely
manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting
firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting once we are no longer an
emerging growth company, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. As a result, the market
price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. 

If
we fail to manage our growth or implement changes to our reporting systems effectively, our business could be harmed. 

If
we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we could incur losses. How we manage our growth will depend, among other things, on our
ability to adapt our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures to the demands of a larger business,
including the demands of integrating our acquisitions. To manage the growth and increasing complexity of our business, we may make modifications
to or replace computer and other reporting systems, including those that report on our financial results and on which we are substantially
dependent. We may incur significant financial and resource costs because of any such modifications or replacements, and our business
may be subject to transitional difficulties. The difficulties associated with any such implementation, and any failure or delay in the
system implementation, could negatively affect our internal control over financial reporting and harm our business and results of operations.
In addition, we may not be able to successfully hire, train and manage additional sales, marketing, customer support and pharmacists
quickly enough to support our growth. To provide this support, we may need to open additional offices, which will result in additional
burdens on our systems and resources and require additional capital expenditures. 

We
may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our
shareholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 

Our
success will depend, in part, on our ability to grow our business in response to the demands of the patients and physicians we serve
within the health services industry as well as competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the acquisition
of complementary businesses and technologies rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates
can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. The risks we face
in connection with acquisitions include: 

diversion
 of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 

coordination
 of technology, research and development and sales and marketing functions; 

retention
 of employees from the acquired company; 

cultural
 challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 

integration
 of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems; 

the
 need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective
 controls, procedures and policies; 

potential
 write-offs of intangibles or other assets acquired in such transactions that may have an adverse effect our operating results in
 a given period; 

liability
 for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of
 laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; and 

litigation
 or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, consumers, former shareholders
 or other third-parties. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Our
failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our future acquisitions and investments could cause us
to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm
our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt,
contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also,
the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions may not materialize to the extent we anticipate or at all. 

Conflicts
of interest may arise between us and our directors and officers as a result of other business activities undertaken by such individuals. 

We
may be subject to various potential conflicts of interest because some of our directors and executive officers may be engaged in a range
of business activities. In addition, our executive officers and directors may devote time to their outside business interests, so long
as such activities do not materially or adversely interfere with their duties to us. In some cases, our executive officers and directors
may have fiduciary obligations associated with these business interests that interfere with their ability to devote time to our business
and affairs and that could adversely affect our operations. These business interests could require significant time and attention of
our executive officers and directors. 

In
addition, we may also become involved in other transactions which conflict with the interests of our directors and the officers who may
from time-to-time deal with persons, firms or institutions with which we may be dealing, or which may be seeking investments similar
to those we desire. The interests of these persons could conflict with our interests. In addition, from time to time, these persons may
be competing with us for available investment opportunities. Conflicts of interest, if any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies
provided under applicable laws, regulations and stock market rules. In particular, in the event that such a conflict of interest arises
at a meeting of our board of directors, a director who has such a conflict will abstain from voting for or against the approval of such
transaction. In accordance with applicable laws, our directors are required to act honestly, in good faith and in our best interests. 

A
disruption in our telephone system or our computer system could harm our business. 

We
receive and take most prescription orders electronically, over the telephone and by facsimile. We also rely extensively upon our computer
system to confirm payor information, patient eligibility and authorizations; to check on medication interactions and patient medication
history; to facilitate filling and labeling prescriptions for delivery and billing; and to help with the collection of payments. Our
success depends, in part, upon our ability to promptly fill and deliver complex prescription orders as well as on our ability to provide
reimbursement management services for our patients and their healthcare providers. Any continuing disruption in our telephone, facsimile
or computer systems could adversely affect our ability to receive and process prescription orders, make deliveries on a timely basis
and receive reimbursement from our payors. This could adversely affect our relations with the patients and healthcare providers we serve
and potentially result in a partial reduction in orders from, or a complete loss of, these patients. 

We
incur increased costs as a result of being a reporting company, and given our limited capital resources, such additional costs may have
an adverse impact on our profitability. 

We
are an SEC reporting company. The rules and regulations under the Exchange Act require a public company to provide periodic reports with
interactive data files which will cause the Company to incur legal, accounting and auditing services, and XBRL and EDGAR service providers.
The engagement of such services can be costly. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as a variety of related rules implemented
by the SEC, have required changes in corporate governance practices and generally increased the disclosure requirements of public companies.
For example, as a result of becoming a reporting company, we will be required to file periodic and current reports and other information
with the SEC and we must adopt policies regarding disclosure controls and procedures and regularly evaluate those controls and process.
The expenses incurred for filing periodic reports and implementing disclosure controls and procedures may be as high as 100,000 annually.
Furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will have sufficient resources to meet our reporting and filing obligations with the SEC as they
come due. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

We
may fail to retain or recruit necessary personnel, and, even if we are successful, we may be unable to successfully integrate new personnel
into our operations. 

Our
success is highly dependent on the performance of our management team and certain employees, and our continuing ability to attract, develop,
motivate, and retain highly qualified and skilled employees and consultants. 

We
have also engaged consultants to advise us on various aspects of our business. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur
significant costs to attract and retain them. While employment agreements and incentive agreements are customarily used as a primary
method of retaining the services of key employees, these agreements and arrangements cannot assure the continued services of such employees.
The loss of the services of any key personnel or an inability to attract other suitably qualified persons when needed, could prevent
us from executing on our business plan and strategy, and we may be unable to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. 

Moreover,
to execute our growth plans, we expect to hire additional executive officers and key employees. Our future performance will depend in
part on our ability to successfully integrate those newly hired executive officers into our management team and our ability to develop
an effective working relationship among senior management. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer has additional business activities which may result in periodic interruptions, or business failure. 

Our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), Cecile Munnik, pursuant to an amendment
to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Cecile Munnik, may provide up to approximately 30 of her time
on a weekly basis to provide services to NextPlat and receive compensation from NextPlat. While Ms. Munnik will continue to serve the
Company faithfully and to the best of her ability and shall devote her full time, attention, and energies to the business of the Company
during customary business hours, Ms. Munnik must balance her time between both NextPlat and our Company. In the event Ms. Munnik is unavailable
during times where she was previously available, it may lead to the periodic interruption in our business and could have a significant
negative effect on the success of the business. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer has additional business activities which may result in periodic interruption, business failure or have a negative
impact on our ability to generate revenue. 

On
November 11, 2022, Alan Jay Weisberg tendered his resignation which the Board approved. On the same date, the Board appointed
Charles M. Fernandez as our new Chief Executive Officer CEO ). Mr. Fernandez is also the CEO of Nexplat. Mr. Fernandez
does not have to commit his full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating his time between
managing the Company and NextPlat. Mr. Fernandez does not have to contribute any specific number of hours to our affairs. While Mr.
Fernandez intends to serve the Company faithfully and to the best of his ability, he shall devote his full time, attention, and
energies to the business of NextPlat, Mr. Fernandez must balance his time between both NextPlat and our Company. Moreover, because
we did not enter into any new compensatory arrangements, nor did we make any additional grants or awards to Mr. Fernandez, it is not
clear how Mr. Fernandez will prioritize our business affairs. For example, NextPlat beneficially owns 44.3 of our Company and Mr.
Fernandez owns 17 of our convertible debt through eApeiron, Partners, LLC. Mr. Fernandez is the sole member and managing partner of
eApeiron Partners, LLC. If any of his other business affairs, primarily as CEO of NextPlat, require him to devote substantial
amounts of time to such matters, it could materially limit his ability to devote his time and attention to our business which may
lead to the periodic interruption in our business, could have a significant negative effect on the success of the business and our
ability to generate revenue. 

The
transition to our new Chief Executive Officer is critical to our success and our business may be adversely impacted if we do not
successfully manage the transition process in a timely manner. 

Our
success depends, in part, on the effectiveness of our new CEO. The CEO is critical to executing on and achieving our vision, strategic
direction, culture, products, and technology. The transition may be disruptive to the Company and our relationships with customers and
employees. If we are unable to execute an orderly transition and successfully integrate the new CEO into our leadership team, revenue,
operating results, and financial conditions may be adversely affected. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Additionally,
Alan Jay Weisberg, our former CEO and Vice-Chairman of the Board resigned from his office of CEO and from the Board, and the departure
of Mr. Weisberg as our CEO and as a member of the Board has resulted in a loss of institutional knowledge. This loss of knowledge and
experience can be mitigated through successful transition, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such efforts.
The ability of the new CEO to quickly adapt to and understand our business, operations, and strategic plans will be critical to the Board
and our management s ability to make informed decisions about our strategic direction and operations. 

Risks
Related to the Pharmacy Industry 

There
is substantial competition in our industry, and we may not be able to compete successfully. 

The
pharmacy industry is highly competitive and is continuing to become more competitive. All medications, supplies and services that we
provide are also available from our competitors. Our current and potential competitors may include: 

Other
 pharmacy distributors; 

Specialty
 pharmacy divisions of wholesale drug distributors; 

Not
 for profit organizations with pharmacies; 

Hospital-based
 pharmacies; 

Local
 infusion providers; 

Sterile
 and non-sterile compounding pharmacies; 

Other
 retail pharmacies; 

Provider
 dispensaries; 

Manufacturers
 that sell their products both to distributors and directly to clinics and physicians offices; 

Hospital-based
 care centers and other alternate-site healthcare providers; 

Insurance
 companies with proprietary pharmacy services; 

Customers
 and MSO s of ours who decide to open their own pharmacies; 

Chain
 pharmacies; and 

Mail-order
 pharmacies. 

Many
specialty patients are currently receiving prescription benefits from federally funded programs such as the Ryan White CARE Act. These
payors only use non-profit providers to dispense medications to their enrollees. 

Many
of our competitors have substantially greater resources and marketing staffs and more established operations and infrastructure than
we have. A significant factor in effective competition will be our ability to maintain and expand our relationships with patients, healthcare
providers and government and private payors. 

If
demand for our products and services is reduced, our business and ability to grow would be harmed. 

A
reduction in demand for specialty medications would significantly harm our business, as we would not be able to quickly shift our business
to provide medications for other diseases or disorders. Reduced demand for our products and services could be caused by several circumstances,
such as: 

A
 cure or vaccine for chronic care conditions; 

The
 emergence of new diseases resistant to available medications; 

Shifts
 to treatment regimens other than those we offer; 

New
 methods of delivery of existing medications or of injectable or infusible medications that do not require our specialty pharmacy
 and disease management services; 

Recalls
 of the medications we sell; 

Adverse
 reactions caused by the medications we sell; and 

The
 expiration of or challenge to the drug patents on the medications we sell. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Our
revenues could be adversely affected if new drugs or combination therapies are developed and prescribed to our patients that have a reimbursement
rate less than that of the current drug therapies our patients receive. 

If
our patients switch medications to those with lower reimbursement rates or to combination therapies, which combine multiple drugs into
a single medication, our net sales could decline. Combination therapies reduce the number of total prescriptions received by our patients,
resulting in reduced average revenues and a decrease in dispensing fees per patient. 

If
our credit terms with vendors become unfavorable or our relationship with them is terminated, our business could be adversely affected. 

We
depend on existing credit terms from vendors to meet our working capital needs between the times we purchased medications from vendors
and when we received reimbursement or payment from third-party payors. Our ability to grow has been limited in part by our inability
to negotiate favorable credit terms from our suppliers. If our position changes and we are unable to maintain adequate credit terms or
sufficient financing from third-party lenders, we may become limited in our ability to continue to increase the volume of medications
we need to fill prescriptions. 

There
are only a few wholesale distributors from which we can purchase the high cost medications we offer. If any of our vendor agreements
terminate or are not renewed, we might not be able to enter a new agreement with another wholesale distributor on a timely basis or on
terms favorable to us. Our inability to enter a new supply agreement may cause a shortage of the supply of medications we keep in stock,
or we may be required to accept pricing and credit terms from a vendor that are less favorable to us than those we currently have. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Relating to Our Data Management Services 

Competition
with some customers, or decisions by customers to perform internally some of the same solutions or services that we offer, could harm
our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Some
of our existing customers compete with us, or may do so in the future, and some customers belong to alliances that compete with us, or
may do so in the future, either with respect to the solutions or services we provide to them now, or with respect to other lines of business.
To the extent that customers elect to perform internally any of the business processes our solutions address, either because they believe
they can provide such processes more efficiently internally or otherwise, we may lose such customers, or the volume of our business with
such customers may be reduced, which could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If
our solutions do not interoperate with our customers or their vendors networks and infrastructures, or if customers or
their vendors implement new system updates that are incompatible with our solutions, sales of those solutions could be adversely affected. 

Our
solutions must interoperate with our customers and their vendors existing infrastructures, which often have different specifications,
rapidly evolve, utilize multiple protocol standards, and applications from multiple vendors, and contain multiple generations of products
that have been added to that infrastructure over time. Some of the technologies supporting our customers and their vendors are changing
rapidly and we must continue to adapt to these changes in a timely and effective manner at an acceptable cost. In addition, our customers
and their vendors may implement new technologies into their existing networks and systems infrastructures that may not immediately interoperate
with our solutions. 

Our
continued success will depend on our ability to adapt to changing technologies, manage and process ever-increasing amounts of data and
information and improve the performance, features and reliability of our services in response to changing customer and industry demands.
If we encounter complications related to network configurations or settings, we may have to modify our solutions to enable them to interoperate
with customers and their vendors networks and manage customers transactions in the manner intended. 

Our
ability to generate revenue could suffer if we do not continue to update and improve existing solutions and develop new ones. 

We
must continually improve the functionality of our existing solutions in a timely manner and introduce new and valuable healthcare IT
and service solutions in order to respond to technological and regulatory developments and customer demands and, thereby, retain existing
customers and attract new ones. For example, from time to time, government agencies may alter format and data code requirements applicable
to electronic transactions. In addition, customers may request that solutions be customized to satisfy particular security protocols,
modifications, and other contractual terms in excess of industry norms and standard configurations. We may not be successful in responding
to technological and regulatory developments or changing customer needs. In addition, these regulatory or customer-imposed requirements
may impact the profitability of particular solutions and customer engagements. The pace of change in the markets served by us is rapid,
and there are frequent new product and service introductions by competitors in their offerings. If we do not respond successfully to
technological and regulatory changes, as well as evolving industry standards and customer demands, our solutions may become obsolete.
Technological changes also may result in the offering of competitive solutions at lower prices than we are charging for our solutions,
which could result in us losing sales unless we lower the prices we charge or provide additional efficiencies or capabilities to the
customer. If we lower our prices on some of our solutions, we will need to increase margins on other solutions in order to maintain overall
profitability. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

There
are increased risks of performance problems and breaches during times when we are making significant changes to our solutions or systems
we use to provide our solutions. In addition, changes to our solutions or systems, including cost savings initiatives, may cost more
than anticipated, may not provide the benefits expected, may take longer than anticipated to develop and implement or may increase the
risk of performance problems. 

In
order to respond to technological changes, such as continuing development in the areas of data analytics as well as regulatory changes
and evolving security risks and industry standards, our solutions and the software and systems we use to provide our solutions must be
continually updated and enhanced. We cannot be certain that errors will not arise in connection with any such changes, updates, enhancements
or new versions, especially when first introduced. Even if our new, updated or enhanced solutions do not have performance problems, technical
and customer service personnel may have difficulties installing them or providing any necessary training and support to customers, and
customers may not follow our guidance on appropriate training, support and implementation for such new, updated or enhanced solutions.
In addition, changes in technology and systems may not provide the additional functionality or other benefits that were expected. 

Implementation
of changes in our technology and systems may cost more or take longer than originally expected and may require more testing than initially
anticipated. While new, updated or enhanced solutions will be tested before they are used in production, we cannot be sure that the testing
will uncover all problems that may occur in actual use. 

If
significant problems occur as a result of these changes, we may fail to meet our contractual obligations to customers, which could result
in claims being made against us or in the loss of customer relationships. 

Breaches
and failures of our IT systems and the security measures protecting them, and the sensitive information we transmit, use and store, expose
us to potential liability and reputational harm. 

Our
business relies on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data, affecting our ability to provide
services. To the extent our IT systems are not successfully implemented or fail, our business and results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

Our
business and results of operations may also be adversely affected if a vendor servicing our IT systems does not perform satisfactorily,
or if the IT systems are interrupted or damaged by unforeseen events, including the actions of third-parties. Further, our business relies
to a significant degree upon the secure transmission, use and storage of sensitive information, including protected health information
and other personally identifiable information, financial information and other confidential information and data within these systems.
To protect this information, we seek to implement commercially reasonable security measures and maintain information security policies
and procedures informed by requirements under applicable law and recommended practices, in each case, as applicable to the data collected,
hosted and processed. Despite our security management efforts with respect to physical and technological infrastructure, employee training,
vendor controls and contractual relationships, our infrastructure, data or other operation centers and systems used in connection with
our business operations, including the internet and related systems of our vendors are vulnerable to, and from time to time experience,
unauthorized access to data and/or breaches of confidential information due to criminal conduct, physical break-ins, hackers, employee
or insider malfeasance and/or improper employee or contractor access, computer viruses, programming errors, denial-of-service attacks,
ransomware events, phishing schemes, fraud, terrorist attacks, human error or other breaches by insiders or third-parties or similar
disruptive problems. It is not possible to prevent all security threats to our systems and data. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. 

Because
our products and services involve the storage, use and transmission of personal information of consumers, we and other industry participants
have been and expect to routinely be the target of attempted cyber and other security threats by outside third-parties, including technically
sophisticated and well-resourced bad actors attempting to access or steal the data we store. Vendor, insider or employee cyber and security
threats also occur and are a significant concern for all companies, including us. While we maintain liability insurance coverage including
coverage for errors and omissions and cyber-liability, claims may not be covered or could exceed the amount of our applicable insurance
coverage, if any, or such coverage may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

We
collect, process, store, share, disclose and use personal information and other data, and our actual or perceived failure to protect
such information and data could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. 

We
collect, process, store, share, disclose and use personal information and other data provided by patients and healthcare providers.
We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to effect secure transmission of such information.
We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches. Any
failure or perceived failure to maintain the security of personal and other data that is provided to us by patients and healthcare
providers could harm our reputation and brand and expose us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability, any of which
could harm our business and operating results. In addition, from time to time, it is possible that concerns will be expressed about
whether our products, services, or processes compromise the privacy of our users. Concerns about our practices with regard to the
collection, use or disclosure of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could harm our business
and operating results. 

There
are numerous federal, state and local laws around the world regarding privacy and the collection, processing, storing, sharing,
disclosing, using and protecting of personal information and other data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing
interpretations, and which may be costly to comply with and may be inconsistent between countries and jurisdictions or conflict with
other rules. We generally comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related
obligations to third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of
conduct relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may be
interpreted and applied in new ways or in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other
rules or our practices or that new regulations could be enacted. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy
policies, our privacy-related obligations to consumers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any
compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which may include personally
identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against
us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause consumers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our
business. Additionally, if vendors, developers or other third parties that we work with violate applicable laws or our policies,
such violations may also put consumer or dealer information at risk and could in turn harm our reputation, business and operating
results. 

If
we are unable to successfully execute on cross-selling opportunities of our solutions the growth of our business and financial performance
could be harmed. 

Our
ability to generate growth partly depends on our ability to cross-sell solutions to existing customers and new customers. We have identified
our ability to successfully cross-sell our solutions as a key part of our business strategy and therefore one of the most significant
factors influencing growth. We may not be successful in cross-selling our solutions because customers may find additional solutions unnecessary,
unattractive or cost-ineffective. Failure to sell additional solutions to existing and new customers could negatively affect our ability
to grow our business. 

We
rely on internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, other third parties and our own systems in providing certain of our solutions
to our customers, and any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties or our own systems could
negatively impact our relationships with customers, adversely affecting our brand and our business. 

Our
ability to deliver our solutions is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet and other
telecommunications services by third parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network connection with the necessary speed,
data capacity and security for providing reliable internet access and services and reliable telephone and facsimile services. As a
result, our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and
develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and
threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards and changing preferences of our customers. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Our
solutions are designed to operate without interruption in accordance with our service level commitments. However, we have experienced
limited interruptions in these systems in the past, including server failures that temporarily slow down the performance of our solutions,
and we may experience more significant interruptions in the future. We rely on internal systems as well as vendors, including bandwidth
and telecommunications equipment providers, to provide our solutions. We do not maintain redundant systems or facilities for some of
these services. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or
other catastrophic events, could affect the security or availability of our solutions and prevent or inhibit the ability of our customers
to access our solutions. 

If
a catastrophic event were to occur with respect to one or more of these systems or facilities, we may experience an extended period of
system unavailability, which could result in substantial costs to remedy those problems or negatively impact our relationship with our
partners, our business, results of operations and financial condition. To operate without interruption, both we and our vendors must
guard against: 

damage
 from fire, power loss, tornado and other natural disasters; 

telecommunications
 failures; 

software
 and hardware errors, failures and crashes; 

security
 breaches, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems; and 

other
 potential interruptions. 

Any
disruption in the network access, telecommunications or co-location services provided by vendors, or any failure of or by vendors 
systems or our own systems to handle current or higher volume of use could significantly harm our business. We exercise limited control
over these vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with services they provide. Any errors, failures, interruptions or
delays experienced in connection with these vendor technologies and information services or our own systems could negatively impact our
relationships with partners and adversely affect our business and could expose us to liabilities. Although we maintain insurance for
our business, the coverage under our policies may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. In addition, we cannot
provide assurance that we will continue to be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at an acceptable cost. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

We
expect to seek to raise additional funds in the future, which may be dilutive to stockholders or impose operational restrictions. 

We
are currently seeking additional funding through equity and/or debt financing arrangements and we expect to raise additional capital
in the future to help fund development of our future expansion plans. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or
convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our current stockholders will be reduced. We may also enter strategic transactions,
compensate employees or consultants or settle outstanding payables using equity that may be dilutive. Our stockholders may experience
additional dilution in net book value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior
to those of the holders of our common stock. If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to delay development activities of our
expansion plans. 

Our
stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past and is likely to be highly volatile in the future because there has been
a relatively thin trading market for our stock, which causes trades of small blocks of stock to have a significant impact on our stock
price. You may not be able to resell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s adverse
reaction to volatility. 

Other
factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

the
 absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

overall
 stock market fluctuations; 

announcements
 concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual
 or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions
 or trends in the industry; 

litigation; 

changes
 in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future
 sales of common stock; 

departure
 of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general
 market conditions. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Any
of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in
general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

We
are an emerging growth and smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging
growth and smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, enacted in April 2012. For as
long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the
auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in this Annual Report and our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale
of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
status earlier. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2026, the last day of the fiscal
year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the of the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective
registration statement, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which requires the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates to exceed 700
million as of the prior September 30 th , and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or
revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to irrevocably opt out of
this exemption and, therefore, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards as required when they are adopted. 

Even
after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still
qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to continue to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure
requirements, including, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this Annual Report and our periodic reports and proxy statements.
We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be
more volatile. 

We
provide indemnification of our officers and directors and we may have limited recourse against these individuals. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain broad indemnification and liability limiting provisions regarding our officers and directors,
including the limitation of liability for certain violations of fiduciary duties. If we were called upon to indemnify an officer or director,
then the portion of our available funds expended for that purpose would reduce the amount otherwise available for our business. The indemnification
obligations and the resultant costs associated with indemnification may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against our directors
and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our shareholders
against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. We would
bear the expenses of such litigation for any of its directors or officers upon such person s promise to repay us if it is ultimately
determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This could result in significant expenditures which
we may be unable to recoup. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

We
have never paid dividends and do not anticipate paying any dividends to holders of our shares of common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We have never paid cash dividends
on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any for the foreseeable future. Payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion
of our board of directors after considering many factors, including our earnings, operating results, financial condition and current and
anticipated cash needs. As a result, investors may not receive any return on an investment in our shares of common stock unless they sell
their shares of common stock for a price greater than that which such investors paid for them. 

We
are controlled by our current officers, directors, and certain beneficial shareholders. 

Currently,
our directors, executive officers, and certain beneficial shareholders
own a majority of the voting control of the Company. Thus, they will be able to exert substantial influence over the election of our Board
of Directors and the vote on issues submitted to our shareholders. As of the date of this filing, our officers, directors and certain
beneficial shareholders beneficially owned 4,229,459 shares (56 of our common stock and 3,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock
(100 ), which excludes shares of common stock held in street name by non-affiliated individuals. 

We
cannot assure you that the common stock will be liquid or that it will remain listed on a securities exchange. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the listing standards of the OTCQB or any other national market. If we are delisted
from the OTCQB then our common stock will not trade. In addition, delisting of our common stock could further depress our stock price,
substantially limit liquidity of our common stock and materially adversely affect our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to
us, or at all. Delisting could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by suppliers and employees,
the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. 

We
cannot assure you that restricted shares issued in certificate form will be cleared by clearing firms for sale. 

We
are subject to all rules and regulations promulgated for issuing companies. However, we cannot provide assurance that restricted shares
issued in certificate form will be accepted by brokerage or clearing firms. We can provide support with legend removal subject to all
rules and regulations provided by the SEC and FINRA, however we cannot guarantee that certificates with legends removed will be accepted
or cleared for sale by brokerage or clearing firms. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Pharmco
901 

We
purchased an approximately 11,000 sq. ft. facility at 400 Ansin Blvd, Bay A, Hallandale, Florida. The monthly mortgage payment is approximately
 12,000. 

During
December 2020, Pharmco 901 moved a majority of its pharmacy operations from their North Miami Beach, Florida location to the new 11,000
square foot pharmacy facility in our administrative offices in., Hallandale Beach, Florida. 

Pharmco
1002 

We
rent pharmacy space at 3208 2 nd Avenue North, Bays 2, 3 and 4, Palm Springs, FL 33461. The original lease expired in March
2021 and automatically renewed for an additional 36 months through February 2024. The lease agreement calls for monthly payments of approximately
 4,300, with an escalating payment schedule each year thereafter. 

Pharmco
1103 

We
rent pharmacy space at 1160 South Semoran Blvd, Suites D, E, F, Orlando, Florida. The lease was entered into and commenced on August
1, 2020 with a 66-month term and expires on February 1, 2026. The lease agreement calls for monthly payments beginning February 1, 2021
of 4,310, with an escalating payment schedule each year thereafter. 

Pharmco
1204 

Our
Pharmco 1204 Davie location moved to North Miami Beach, Florida during August 2021. We rent approximately 2,200 square foot of retail
and pharmacy space. The lease is for five years and commenced on September 1, 2021. The lease agreement calls for monthly payments of
approximately 5,237, with an escalating payment schedule each year thereafter. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Progressive
Care 

Progressive
Care s administrative offices have been located at the 400 Ansin Blvd. building since its acquisition. 

We
believe that our existing office facilities are adequate for current and presently foreseeable operations. In general, our properties
are well maintained and are being utilized for their intended purposes. Additional space may be required as we expand our business activities.
We do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time we may be subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. One or more unfavorable outcomes
in any claim or litigation against us could have a material adverse effect for the period in which such claim or litigation is resolved.
In addition, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention, and
may materially adversely affect our reputation, even if resolved in our favor. 

On
January 20, 2022, Progressive Care entered into an agreement with two investors, Iliad Research and Chicago Ventures Partners, L.P. CVP ( the Settlement Agreement wherein the parties agreed to resolve various demands and complaints related to the note agreements
with the two investors the Iliad Note and the Chicago Note ). Progressive Care filed a demand the
Company Demand with the two investors on December 14, 2021, that alleged breaches of the volume limitation provisions of the
Iliad Note and Chicago Note. On January 7, 2022, in response to the Company Demand, Iliad Research and CVP filed a complaint with the
Third Judicial District Court of Salt Lake County, State of Utah, as well as an Arbitration Notice pursuant to the CVP and Iliad Purchase
Agreements (see Note 10. Notes Payable in the Notes to our Consolidated
Financial Statements). 

On
May 3, 2022, a complaint was filed by the Plaintiff Positive Health Alliance,
Inc. PHA against Pharmco LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, in the U.S. Circuit Court of Miami Dade, Florida,
alleging that defendant failed to pay amounts due and owing to PHA under the parties contract for discounted prescription drugs.
PHA is seeking judgment against Pharmco for compensatory damages in the amount of 407,504, plus attorneys fees and costs. PHA
and Pharmco entered into a settlement agreement on July 1, 2022, pursuant to which Pharmco paid to PHA the total amount of 407,504 in
13 installment payments. The complaint was dismissed with prejudice on July 8, 2022. The balance outstanding was approximately 280,000
and 408,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities. 

On
June 8, 2022, a complaint was filed by the Company against KeyCentrix, LLC KCL ), in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of Florida, alleging fraudulent inducement, breach of express warranty and breach of implied warranty. The complaint stems from
an agreement by KCL to license to the Company certain pharmacy management software known as Newleaf for use in the operations
of pharmacies operated by the Company. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our common stock is qualified
for quotation on the OTC Markets Group OTCQB under the symbol RXMD and has been quoted on the OTCQB since
March 16, 2010. The following table sets forth the range of
the high and low bid prices per share of our common stock for each quarter as reported in the OTCQB. These quotations represent interdealer
prices, without retail markup, markdown, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. There currently is a liquid trading
market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a significant active trading market in our common stock will develop, or
if such a market develops, that it will be sustained. On March 28, 2023, the closing price per share of our common stock was 3.70. 

2022 

Post-Reverse
 Stock Split 
 Pre-Reverse
 Stock Split 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter (through March 31) 

0.056 
 0.025 
 
 Second Quarter (through June 30) 

0.038 
 0.024 
 
 Third Quarter (through September 30) 

0.038 
 0.020 
 
 Fourth Quarter (through December 31) (1) 
 6.50 
 6.50 
 0.049 
 0.028 

(1) Reverse
 stock split occurred on December 29, 2022 

Authorized
Capital 

We
have 100,000,000 authorized shares of common stock. 

The
holders of shares of our common stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally
available therefor, dividends payable in cash, stock or otherwise. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether
voluntary or involuntary, the net assets of the Company shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of the common stock in accordance
with their respective rights and interest. See Description of Securities . 

For
all undesignated preferred stock, the Board is authorized to determine the number of series into which such undesignated shares may be
divided, the number of shares within each series, and the designations, rights and preferences associated with such shares. We have authorized
10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and issued 0 shares of Series A Preferred Stock as all previously outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock were cancelled and returned to treasury on September 2, 2022. We have authorized 100,000 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock and issued 3,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock will vote as a class with the common stock of the Company, and will have 500 votes per share, and
each share of Series B Preferred Stock will be convertible into 500 shares of the Company s common stock. 

Holders 

According
to the records of our transfer agent, as of March 28, 2023, there were approximately 219 record holders of our common stock. The number
of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or
other fiduciaries. 

Shares
Outstanding 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were 3,350,104 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings for use in our
business. Consequently, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends in the future
will depend upon our results of operations, as well as our short-term and long-term cash availability, working capital, working capital
needs, and other factors as determined by our Board of Directors. Currently, except as may be provided by applicable laws, there are
no contractual or other restrictions on our ability to pay dividends if we were to decide to declare and pay them. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

See Part III, Item 12 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information
relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

The Company
believes that each of the following transactions were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section
4(a)(2) thereof and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

During
2022, the Company issued 3,094 shares of common stock valued at an aggregate of 21,000, ranging from 5.60 to 8.60 per share, to a consultant
pursuant to a service agreement dated November 24, 2021 for services rendered. 

During
2022, the Company issued 2,168 shares of common stock valued at an aggregate of 15,000, ranging from 6.60 to 7.68 per share, to employees
as stock-based compensation. 

On
March 22, 2022, the Company issued 8,929 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 5.60 per share, to Joseph Ziegler pursuant to a
Directors Agreement dated December 9, 2021. 

On
March 22, 2022, the Company issued 7,813 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 6.40 per share, to Birute Norkute pursuant to a
Directors Agreement dated December 9, 2021. 

On
July 21, 2022, the Company issued 8,929 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 5.60 per share, to Alan Jay Weisberg pursuant to
a Directors Agreement dated July 21, 2021. 

On
July 21, 2022, the Company issued 8,929 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 5.60 per share, to Oleg Firer pursuant to a Directors
Agreement dated July 21, 2021. 

On
July 21, 2022, the Company issued 8,929 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 5.60 per share, to Jervis Hough pursuant to a Directors
Agreement dated July 21, 2021. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company issued 75,000 shares of common stock valued at 330,000, or 4.40 per share, to Alan Jay Weisberg pursuant
to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 22, 2021. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company issued 75,000 shares of common stock valued at 330,000, or 4.40 per share, to an employee pursuant to an
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 22, 2021. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock valued at 110,000, or 4.40 per share, to Birute Norkute pursuant to
an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 22, 2021. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company issued 5,556 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 9.00 per share, to Pedro Rodriguez pursuant to
a Directors Agreement dated October 7, 2022. 

On
October 24, 2022, the Company issued 11,364 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 4.40 per share, to Charles M. Fernandez pursuant
to a Directors Agreement dated October 7, 2022. 

On
October 24, 2022, the Company issued 11,364 shares of common stock valued at 50,000, or 4.40 per share, to Rodney Barreto pursuant to
a Directors Agreement dated October 7, 2022. 

Except
as disclosed above and in our Current Report on Form 8-Ks filed with the SEC on September 6, 2022 and November 18, 2022, there were no
other sales of unregistered equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Penny
Stock 

Our
common stock is considered penny stock under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions
in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain
national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information with respect
to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior
to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: 

contains
 a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

contains
 a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer
 with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description
 of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

contains
 a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

defines
 significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 

contains
 such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or
 regulation. 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: 

bid
 and offer quotations for the penny stock; 

the
 compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the
 number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the
 marker for such stock; and 

monthly
 account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and
a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock. 

ITEM
 6. 
 RESERVED 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Overview 

Progressive
Care Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on October
31, 2006 under the name Progressive Training, Inc. We changed our name to Progressive Care Inc. in connection with a merger with Progressive
Care Inc. on November 23, 2010. We are a personalized
healthcare services and technology company which provides prescription pharmaceutical and risk and data management services to healthcare
organizations and providers. 

We
currently own and operate five pharmacies, which generate most of our pharmacy revenues, which is derived from dispensing medications
to our patients. We also provide patient health risk reviews and free same-day delivery. 

We
provide TPA, data management, COVID-19 related diagnostics and vaccinations, prescription
pharmaceuticals, compounded medications, telepharmacy services, anti-retroviral medications, medication therapy management, the supply
of prescription medications to long-term care facilities, medication adherence packaging, contracted pharmacy services for 340B covered
entities under the 340B Drug Discount Pricing Program, and health practice risk management. We are focused on improving lives of patients
with complex chronic diseases through a patient and provider engagement and our partnerships with payors, pharmaceutical manufacturers
and distributors. We offer a broad range of solutions to address the dispensing, delivery, dosing, and reimbursement of clinically
intensive, high-cost drugs. 

Pharmco
provides contracted pharmacy services for 340B covered entities under the 340B Drug Discount Pricing Program. Under the terms of these
agreements, we act as a pass-through for reimbursements on prescription claims adjudicated on behalf of the 340B covered entities
in exchange for a dispensing fee per prescription. These fees vary by the covered entity and the level of service provided by us. 

Our
focus is on complex chronic diseases that generally require multiyear or lifelong therapy, which drives recurring revenue and sustainable
growth. Our pharmacy services revenue growth is from expanding our services, new drugs coming to market, new indications for existing
drugs, volume growth with current clients, and addition of new customers due to our focus on higher patient engagement, benefit of free
delivery to the patient, and clinical expertise. We also expanded revenue growth through the signing of new contract pharmacy
service and data management contracts with 340B covered entities. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

ClearMetrX 

We
formed ClearMetrX in June 2020, the Company s first wholly-owned data management company with services designed to support health
care organizations across the country. According to data from Berkeley Research Group Industry Roundtable Report, 340B gross sales across
the program are expected to grow from 142 billion in 2022 to 280 billion in 2026. ClearMetrX includes data management
and TPA services for 340B covered entities, pharmacy analytics, and programs to manage HEDIS
Quality Measures including Medication Adherence. These offerings cater to the need for frontline providers to understand best
practices, patient behaviors, care management processes, and the financial mechanisms behind these decisions. We provide data access,
and actionable insights that providers and support organizations can use to improve their practice and patient care. The
Company s TPA services include management of wholesale accounts, patient eligibility with regard to the
340B drug program, development and review of 340B policies and procedures, and management of receivables. 

During
September 2022, we launched our 340Metrx platform to help 340B covered entities manage their 340B program. 340MetrX platform
is software developed by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary ClearMetrX that provides 340B Covered Entities with data insights
to effectively operate and maximize the benefits of the 340B program. The platform allows program administrators to manage, in real time,
data related to revenue, virtual inventory, drug replenishment and reconciliation, detailed prescription history analysis, customized
ordering data with major wholesalers, patient information, drug prescribing trends, and customized financial breakdowns. The 340MetrX
software enhances the existing TPA services ClearMetrX is currently providing to entities by complementing in-house
340B experts with a reporting platform aiming to maximize the limited resources in the 340B space through identification and validation
of missing claims, increasing the covered entity s revenue. 340MetrX allows our data analytics processes to be more efficient,
giving our team the ability to seamlessly manage data for a much greater number of 340B covered entities in Florida, with
potential to be scaled nationwide. 

Through
ClearMetrX, TPA and data management fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were approximately
 1.1 million and 0.9 million, respectively. These fees have gross margins significantly greater than those generated from our
pharmacy operations. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Developments 

In
November 2022, we entered into the November 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement (the November 2022 SPA with NextPlat Corp. NextPlat ),
pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue, and NextPlat has agreed to purchase, from time to time during the three-year term
of the November 2022 SPA, up to an aggregate of 10 million of secured convertible debentures from the Company (the
 Debentures ). Pursuant to the November 2022 SPA, all purchases of the Debentures will be made at NextPlat s sole
election and the proceeds from each purchase will be used by the Company only as approved by NextPlat s Board of Directors.
Until used, the proceeds from each purchase of Debentures will be deposited in a controlled account. If and when NextPlat elects to
purchase Debentures under the SPA, the minimum principal amount that can be purchased at any time is 1.0 million. 

In
addition, at the closing of each purchase under the November 2022 SPA, the Company and NextPlat will enter into a registration rights
agreement pursuant to which the Company will agree to register the shares of its common stock issued and issuable upon conversion in
full of the Debentures purchased by NextPlat at such closing. 

In
accordance with the form of Debenture to be used for each purchase under the November 2022 SPA, each Debenture will be convertible at
any time, upon NextPlat s election, to shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of 6.00 per share (as
may be adjusted from time to time for share dividends, stock splits, etc.). In addition, each Debenture will mature on the third anniversary
of its issuance and bear interest at 5.0 per annum, payable quarterly. At NextPlat s election, interest can be paid in cash, shares
of the Company s common stock, or some combination thereof. The Company has the right to prepay the Debenture at any time provided
that it gives NextPlat seven business days advance written notice, during which time NextPlat could elect to convert the Debenture
to the Company s common stock. Upon the prepayment of a Debenture, the Company will pay NextPlat an amount equal to the sum of:
(i) all outstanding principal under such Debenture, plus (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest under such Debenture through the prepayment
date, multiplied by (iii) 110 . While amounts are outstanding under a Debenture, the Company will be subject to certain restrictive covenants,
including with respect to the incurrence of indebtedness, the imposition of liens on the Company s assets, changes to the Company s
organization documents, and other customary events. 

In
connection with the November 2022 SPA, on November 16, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries, Touchpoint RX, LLC, Family Physicians
RX, Inc., and ClearMetrX Inc. (ClearMetrX, collectively with the Company s, Touchpoint and FPRX, the Borrower Parties entered into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement with NextPlat. Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Borrower
Parties granted NextPlat a security interest in all of their respective assets to secure the Company s obligations under the Debentures. 

In
connection with the November 2022 SPA, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement whereby it agreed to register shares
of the Company s common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Debentures (the Registration Rights Agreement ). 

NextPlat
Transaction 

Securities
Purchase Agreement 

In
August 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the August 2022 SPA with NextPlat, pursuant to which NextPlat agreed to purchase 3,000 newly issued units of securities
from the Company (the Units at a price per Unit of 2,000, for an aggregate purchase price of 6 million (the
 Unit Purchase ). Each Unit consists of one share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company Series
B Preferred Stock and one warrant to purchase a share of Series B Preferred Stock Warrants ). The closing of
the August 2022 SPA occurred on September 2, 2022. The Company received net proceeds of approximately 5,199,000, which will be used
for the development and marketing of the healthcare data analytics platforms of the Company s wholly owned subsidiary,
ClearMetrX, as well as software development for internal use; and working
capital. 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock will vote as a class with the common stock of the Company, and will have 500 votes per share, and
each share of Series B Preferred Stock will be convertible into 500 shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, the
Series B Preferred Stock will have a liquidation and dividend preference. The Warrants are exercisable at a price of 2,000 per share
of Series B Preferred Stock have a five-year term, and are immediately exercisable, in whole or in part, and contain cashless exercise
provisions. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

In
connection with the August 2022 SPA, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement whereby it agreed to register shares
of the Company s common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and underlying the Warrants (the
 Registration Rights Agreement ). Additionally, the Company s officers, directors, and 10 or greater shareholders
delivered lock-up agreements. 

Pursuant
to the August 2022 SPA, NextPlat s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Charles M. Fernandez, was elected to serve as
Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors and NextPlat s board member, Rodney Barreto, was elected to serve as Vice
Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Cancellation
and Return to Treasury of 51 shares of Series A Preferred Stock 

In
connection with the August 2022 SPA, in September 2022, the Company and the holder of all 51 shares of the Company s Series A
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement whereby the
holder exchanged all 51 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for 127,564 shares of common stock. Following the Share Exchange
Agreement, such 51 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were cancelled and returned to treasury. 

Confidential
Purchase and Release Agreement 

In
August 2022, NextPlat, Charles Fernandez, Rodney Barreto and certain other purchasers entered into a Confidential Purchase and
Release Agreement (the NPA with Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. Iliad pursuant to which NextPlat,
Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers agreed to purchase from Iliad (the Note Purchase a Secured
Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2019, made by the Company to Iliad (the Note ). The accrued and unpaid
principal and interest under the note is approximately 2.79 million. The aggregate purchase price to be paid to Iliad under the NPA
is approximately 2.3 Million. As a result of the Note Purchase, Illiad no longer holds any convertible debt in the
Company. 

Debt
Modification Agreement 

In
connection with the Note Purchase, in August 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Modification Agreement with NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez
and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement, the interest rate under the Note was reduced
from 10 to 5 per annum and the maturity date was extended to August 31, 2027. In addition, the conversion price under the note was
changed to 4.00 per share of common stock. Pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and
the other purchasers of the Note will have the right, exercisable at any time, to redeem all or any portion of the Note. The Debt Modification
Agreement also provides that the Note will automatically convert upon the later to occur of: (a) the completion by the Company of a reverse
stock split, and (b) the listing of the Company s common stock on a national exchange. In consideration of the concessions in the
Debt Modification Agreement, the Company issued 105,000 shares of its common stock to the purchasers of the Note, of which NextPlat,
Charles Fernandez and Rodney Barreto, received 45,653, 18,261 and 18,261 shares, respectively. 

Dawson
James Securities, Inc. (the Placement Agent acted as placement agent in connection with the August 2022 SPA and
received (i) 581,000, representing the Placement Agent s commission of 7.0 of the purchase price of the Units 420,000) and
the purchase price of the Iliad Note 161,000); and (ii) a warrant to purchase 380,500 shares of common stock, representing 10 of
the equity purchased in the August 2022 SPA. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock, Warrants, common stock underlying the Series B Preferred Stock and the common stock underlying the Warrants
were not registered under the Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder.
The Company is relying on this exemption from registration for private placements based in part on the representations made by Investors,
including representations with respect to each Investor s status as an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)
of the Securities Act, and each Investor s investment intent. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company filed with the SEC a Request
for Withdrawal of Registration Statement on Form S-1. 

Change
in Control 

A change of control of the Company
may result from the issuance and conversion of the Debentures pursuant to the SPA. Assuming the issuance of the Debentures in full to
NextPlat and the exercise thereof in full, assuming the occurrence thereof, in full, of warrants and other securities convertible into
the common stock of the Company, NextPlat would collectively own approximately 62 of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

Chief
Executive Officer Resignation and Appointment 

On
November 11, 2022, Alan Jay Weisberg, Chief Executive Officer and Co Vice-Chairman of the Board, resigned effective immediately. Mr.
Weisberg s resignation was not due to any disagreement with the Company s operations, policies or practices. Mr.
Weisberg agreed to assist with the transition of integrating our new CEO. The Board agreed to provide 100,000 severance to Mr.
Weisberg due to his service of over 10 years to the Company and agreement to assist with the transition. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

The
Board appointed Charles M. Fernandez, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, to serve as Chief Executive Officer effective
November 11, 2022. Mr. Fernandez has no family relationships with any of our executive officers or directors, and there have been no
related party transactions between Mr. Fernandez and the Company that are reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K other than those
already disclosed in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 as well as previously
reported on Form 8-K. In connection with his appointment as our Chief Executive Officer, we did not enter into any new compensatory arrangements,
nor did we make any additional grants or awards to Mr. Fernandez. 

Amendment
to Employment Agreement of Chief Financial Officer 

In
November 2022, the Board approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Cecile Munnik,
pursuant to which, the Company agreed that Ms. Munnik may provide up to approximately 30 of her time on a weekly basis to provide services
to NextPlat and receive compensation from NextPlat. Ms. Munnik will continue to serve the Company faithfully and to the best of her ability
and shall devote her full time, attention, and energies to the business of the Company during customary business hours. Ms. Munnik shall
receive a bonus in the amount of 30,000 immediately and receive options to purchase 25,000 shares under the
Stock Option Award Agreement Options ). The Options vest immediately. 

Contract
Renewal 

We
received notice that one of our third-party payors had declined to renew its agreement with one of the Company s pharmacy locations
(the Contract ). The Contract had previously been set to renew as of February 24, 2023. On January 19, 2023, the Company
reached an agreement with the third-party payor to extend the Contract term until April 24, 2023 to facilitate continued negotiations
with respect to extending the term of the Contract. On February 28, 2023, the Company and such third-party payor entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Contract will continue on its terms, subject to the Company maintaining compliance with certain required procedures. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate
our estimates, including those related to residual values, estimated asset lives, impairments and bad debts. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We believe the following critical
accounting policies, grouped by our activities, affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. For additional information, see Item 8 of Part II, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

Revenue
Recognition. We recognize pharmacy revenue from dispensing prescription drugs at the time the drugs are physically delivered to a
customer or when a customer picks up their prescription or purchases merchandise at the store, which is the point in time when control
transfers to the customer. Each prescription claim is considered an arrangement with the customer and is a separate performance obligation.
Payments are received directly from the customer at the point of sale, or the customers insurance provider is billed electronically.
For third-party medical insurance and other claims, authorization to ensure payment is obtained from the customer s insurance provider
before the medication is dispensed to the customer. Authorization is obtained for these sales electronically and a corresponding authorization
number is issued by the customers insurance provider. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company recognizes testing revenue when the tests are performed, and results are delivered to the customer. Each test is considered an
arrangement with the customer and is a separate performance obligation. Payment is generally received in advance from the customer. 

We
record unearned revenue for prescriptions that are filled but not yet delivered at period-end. Billings for most prescription orders
are with third-party payers, including Medicare, Medicaid and insurance carriers. Customer returns are nominal. Pharmacy revenues exceeded
86 of total revenue for all periods presented. 

We
accrue an estimate of fees, including DIR fees, which are assessed or expected to be assessed by payers at some point after adjudication
of a claim, as a reduction of revenue at the time revenue is recognized. Changes in the estimate of such fees are recorded as an adjustment
to revenue when the change becomes known. 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowances. Accounts receivable consist of amounts due from third-party medical insurance carriers, pharmacy benefit
management companies, patients and credit card processors. Management periodically reviews the accounts receivable to assess collectability
and estimates potential uncollectible accounts. Accounts receivable are written off after collection efforts have been completed in accordance
with our policies. The uncollectible accounts allowance reduces the carrying value of the account receivable. 

Inventories.
 Inventories are located at our five pharmacy locations. Inventory consists solely of finished products (primarily prescription drugs)
and is valued at the lower of first-in, first-out cost (FIFO) or market. Our inventories are maintained on a periodic basis through the
performance of physical inventory counts. Our cost of sales is recorded based upon the quantity of prescription drugs dispensed for each
prescription filled by our pharmacies and the corresponding unit cost of each drug. 

Inventories
are comprised of brand and generic pharmaceutical drugs. Our pharmacies maintain a wide variety of different drug classes, known as Schedule
II, Schedule III, and Schedule IV drugs, which vary in degrees of addictiveness. Schedule II drugs, considered narcotics by the DEA,
are the most addictive; hence, they are highly regulated by the DEA and are required to be segregated and secured in a separate cabinet.
Schedule III and Schedule IV drugs are less addictive and are not regulated. The cost in acquiring Schedule II drugs is higher than Schedule
III and IV drugs. 

Deferred
Taxes. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we estimate future taxable income, considering the feasibility of ongoing
tax planning strategies and the realizability of tax loss carry-forwards. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be
affected by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. Based on current estimates of future
taxable income, we believe that we will not be able to realize the full value of deferred tax assets and has increased its valuation
allowance to offset completely its deferred tax assets resulting from our net operating losses. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements. We do not have any unconsolidated special purpose entities and, we do not have significant exposure to any off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

The
most recent adopted and to be adopted accounting pronouncements are described in Note 3 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial
Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Total revenues, net 
 40,601,859 
 38,852,580 
 1,749,279 
 5 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 30,898,783 
 28,678,742 
 2,220,041 
 8 
 
 Total gross profit 
 9,703,076 
 10,173,838 
 (470,762 
 -5 
 
 Operating expenses 
 12,281,874 
 11,418,668 
 863,206 
 8 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2,578,798 
 (1,244,830 
 (1,333,968 
 107 
 
 Other (loss) income 
 (3,324,234 
 1,462,823 
 (4,787,057 
 -327 
 
 (Loss) income before income taxes 
 (5,903,032 
 217,993 
 (6,121,025 
 -2808 
 
 Income taxes 
 (866 
 
 (866 
 -100 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (5,903,898 
 217,993 
 (6,121,891 
 -2808 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock dividend associated with induced conversion 
 (541,278 
 
 (541,278 
 -100 
 
 Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 
 (6,445,176 
 217,993 
 (6,663,169 
 -3057 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized overall revenue from operations of approximately 40.6 million and 38.9
million, respectively. Net pharmacy revenues increased by approximately 1.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 when
compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in pharmacy revenue of
approximately 2.4 million, an increase in 340B contract revenue of approximately 1.0 million, and a decrease in PBM fees of
approximately 0.7 million, which was offset by a decrease in COVID-19 testing revenue of approximately 2.4 million, when compared
to the prior year period. 

Gross
profit margins decreased from 26 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 24 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in
gross profit margins was primarily attributable to the decrease in COVID-19 testing revenue during 2022. 

The
loss from operations increased by approximately 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to 2021 as a result
of increased operating expenses and stock-based compensation. 

Revenue 

Our
revenues were as follows: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Dollars 
 
 of Revenue 
 Dollars 
 
 of Revenue 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Prescription revenue 
 36,288,366 
 89 
 33,828,219 
 87 
 2,460,147 
 7 
 
 340B contract revenue 
 3,789,781 
 9 
 2,803,859 
 7 
 985,922 
 35 
 
 Testing revenue 
 1,915,471 
 5 
 4,320,657 
 11 
 (2,405,186 
 -56 
 
 Rent and other revenue 
 2,560 
 
 1,555 
 
 1,005 
 65 

41,996,178 
 103 
 40,954,290 
 105 
 1,041,888 
 3 
 
 PBM fees 
 (1,394,319 
 -3 
 (2,098,508 
 -5 
 704,189 
 -34 
 
 Sales returns 

(3,202 
 
 3,202 
 -100 
 
 Revenues, net 
 40,601,859 
 100 
 38,852,580 
 100 
 1,749,279 
 5 

Prescription
revenues represented 89 and 87 of all revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenue from 340B contracts
was 9 and 7 , respectively, as a percentage of total net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
have filled approximately 463,000 and 443,000 prescriptions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a 5 year-over-year
increase in the number of prescriptions filled. 

Dispensing
fee and TPA revenue earned on our 340B contracts for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were
approximately 3.8 million and 2.8 million, respectively. 340B contract revenue increased by approximately 1.0 million. The
increase in revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in our existing 340B contracts of approximately 0.4 million and an
increase in new 340B contract revenue of approximately 1.0 million. During 2022 we have experienced significant decreases in the
reimbursement rates for uninsured patients enrolled in the Gilead PREP program that became effective beginning the first quarter of
2022 that had an overall unfavorable impact on our 340B contract revenue. As a result of the decrease in reimbursement rates from
Gilead PREP program, we experienced an unfavorable impact on our 340B contract revenue in the amount of approximately 0.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Since the beginning of the year, 340B covered entities significantly increased patient
enrollment in alternative programs and insurance plans that provide greater reimbursements. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we have earned approximately 1.9 million and 4.3 million, respectively from COVID-19 testing.
We recorded record COVID-19 testing revenue in January 2022 as the country was dealing with the Delta and Omicron outbreak during that
period. Since January 2022 the demand for COVID-19 testing has slowed down as the need for testing has decreased as it relates to travel
and business continuity. It is difficult to predict whether these conditions will be recurring given recent COVID-19 pandemic conditions
in Florida. We are well positioned to react if another COVID-19 outbreak occurs as we have built a reputation of being a reliable partner
for COVID-19 testing solutions. We have built reputable relationships with well-known media productions companies and these relationships
may provide us with recurring COVID-19 testing revenue. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses increased by approximately 0.9 million, or 8 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase was mainly attributable to the following: 

Decrease
 in salaries, wages and employee related expenses due to period over period decrease in headcount, and less time invested in training
 on pharmacy software when compared to 2021 in the amount of approximately 0.6 million; 

Increase
 in non-recurring consulting fees for assisting in calculating the employee retention credit in the amount of approximately 0.4 million; 

Decrease
 in rent expense due to non-recurring leasehold improvement related expenses in the amount of approximately 0.2 million; 

Decrease
 in amortization expense due to intangible assets being fully amortized in the amount of approximately 0.2 million; 

Decrease
 in other operating expenses in the amount of approximately 0.1 million; 

Increase
 in non-cash stock-based compensation due to accelerated vesting of restricted stock units in the amount of approximately 0.8 million
 and vesting of stock options in the amount of approximately 0.7 million. 

Other
(Loss) Income 

Other
(loss) income decreased by approximately 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily
attributable to the following: 

An
 adverse change in the fair value of derivative liability of approximately 5.1 million due to the embedded derivative associated
 with the placement and investor warrants, and NextPlat Convertible Note; 

Increase in (loss) gain from debt extinguishment of approximately 0.1
million due to the decrease from the forgiveness of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans in the amount of approximately
 0.8 million in 2021 and non-recurring in 2022, a reduction in the Iliad Research and Chicago Venture Partners notes from the excess sales
of converted common stock in the amount of approximately 0.1 million, an increase in fees associated with the extension of the maturity
date of the Iliad Research note in the amount of approximately 0.2 million, and an increase in debt extinguishment due to modification
of the Iliad Research note in the amount of approximately 1.0 million; 

Decrease
 in interest expense in the amount of approximately 0.6 million; 

Increase
 in grant revenue associated with employee retention credit in the amount of approximately 2.1 million; 

Increase
 in costs associated with the abandoned offering in the amount of approximately 0.6 million; 

Increase
 in costs associated with the day one loss on issuance of units of approximately 1.0 million and debt modification of approximately
 0.5 million. 

Increase in other finance cost associated with the Iliad Research note
in the amount of approximately 148,000. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Net
(Loss) Income 

We
had a net loss of approximately 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net income of 0.2 million for 2021.
As discussed above, the increase in net loss is primarily attributable to non-operating items such as grant revenue and interest expense, offset by other financing costs, non-cash stock-based compensation, abandoned offering costs, loss from the adverse change
in the fair value of the derivative liability, and day one losses on issuance of units and debt modification. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

We
define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation,
and certain other items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance (which items are itemized below). Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. 

We
consider Adjusted EBITDA to be a supplemental measure of our operating performance. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by
our Board and management to evaluate our operating performance. It is also used as a factor in determining incentive compensation, for
budgetary planning and forecasting overall financial and operational expectations, for identifying underlying trends and for evaluating
the effectiveness of our business strategies. Further, we believe it assists us, as well as investors, in comparing performance from
period to period on a consistent basis. Adjusted EBITDA is not in accordance with, or an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. In addition, this non-GAAP measure is not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. 

As
a non-GAAP measure, Adjusted EBITDA has limitations in that it does not reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations
as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and therefore you should not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation from, or as a substitute
for, financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. You should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are
the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in the presentation, and we do not infer that our future results will be unaffected
by unusual or non-recurring items. Adjusted EBITDA does not include: 

depreciation
 expense from property and equipment or amortization expense from acquired intangible assets (and although they are non-cash charges,
 the assets being depreciated/amortized will often have to be replaced in the future); 

interest expense on our
 debt and capital leases or interest income we earn on cash and cash equivalents; 

the amounts we paid in
 taxes or other components of our tax provision (which reduces cash available to us); 

change in fair value of
 derivatives; 

certain expenses associated
 with our acquisition activities; or 

the impact of share-based
 compensation or other matters we do not consider to be indicative of our ongoing operations. 

Further,
other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do and these calculations may not be comparable to
our Adjusted EBITDA metric. Because of these limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures,
including net (loss) income attributable to us and our financial results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

The
table below presents a reconciliation of the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, net (loss) income attributable to us, to Adjusted
EBITDA for the periods indicated below: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (5,903,898 
 217,993 
 
 Interest expense 
 797,715 
 1,395,617 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 3,322,500 
 (1,821,100 
 
 Income tax expense 
 866 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
 209,488 
 374,518 
 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 (1,573,329 
 167,028 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows: 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net change in cash from: 

Operating activities 
 669,402 
 (757,930 
 
 Investing activities 
 (184,320 
 (123,317 
 
 Financing activities 
 4,845,686 
 192,659 

5,330,768 
 (688,587 
 
 Cash at end of year 
 6,742,876 
 1,412,108 

Net
cash provided by operating activities totaled approximately 0.7 million and a use of cash of approximately 0.8 million during for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The operational cash flows were positively impacted by the overall change in working
capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021, and the increase was mainly attributable to the
increase in pharmacy and 340B revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021, increase
in grant revenue, and an increase in accounts payable due to timing of vendor payments towards the end of 2021 compared to the same period
in 2022. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 0.1 million
 for the same period in 2021. The cash outflow in 2022 was mainly attributable to the purchase of new delivery vehicles and by
payments made in developing internal use software, offset by proceeds from disposal of vehicles. The cash outflow in 2021 was attributable
to the completion of the construction at 400 Ansin Blvd. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately 4.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 0.2 million for the same period in 2021. In September 2022 approximately
 5.4 million net proceeds were received from issuing preferred stock in a capital raise from NextPlat Corp., which was offset by payments
for debt discount and issuance costs as a result of debt modification of the Iliad Research note and entering into a new debt agreement
with NextPlat investors. During 2021, approximately 0.4 million in loan proceeds were received from the U.S. CARES Act compared to no
loan proceeds received during the same period in 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have an accumulated deficit of approximately 15.0 million and 8.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. We have spent, and expect to continue to spend, additional amounts in connection with implementing our business
strategy. 

The
Company has sustained recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operations over the past years. For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net loss of approximately 5.9 million, a loss from operations of approximately 2.6 million, and net cash provided by
operating activities of approximately 0.7 million. The Company s cash position was approximately 6.7 million
as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects to continue to incur net losses for at least the next 12 months. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Modification Agreement the Modification Agreement with a group of investors
led by NextPlat Corporation (the NextPlat investors wherein the terms were modified for the existing Secured Convertible
Promissory Note held by Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. the Note and sold to the NextPlat investors. The NextPlat investors
purchased the Iliad Note as part of a Confidential Note Purchase and Release Agreement the NPA between Iliad Research
and Trading L.P. and the NextPlat investors. As of the date of the SPA, the aggregate amount of principal and interest outstanding was
approximately 2.8 million. As part of the Modification Agreement, the NextPlat investors agreed to modify the following terms of the
Note as follows: 

1. 
 The Maturity
 Date was extended to August 31, 2027. 
 
 2. 
 The Outstanding Balance
 shall bear interest at the simple annual rate of five percent (5 per annum. 
 
 3. 
 The Company is prohibited
 from prepaying the Note. 
 
 4. 
 The Conversion Price for
 the Note was modified to a fixed price of 4.00 per share of common stock. 
 
 5. 
 The Note shall provide
 for mandatory conversion upon the later to occur of (a) the completion of the Company s reverse stock split, and (b) the listing
 of the Company s common stock on a national exchange, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the
 New York Stock Exchange. 

The
Company also entered into a Private Placement Transaction wherein the Company raised approximately 6.0 million in gross proceeds from
the sale of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (see Note 5 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Management
believes that the above transactions mitigate the previously reported conditions related to the Company s liquidity. Therefore,
management believes that there is no longer any substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern over
the next twelve months. 

The
significant risks and uncertainties related to the Company s liquidity described above raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months. The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a going
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and other commitments in the normal course
of business. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
of these uncertainties. 

Related Party Transactions 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company had a consulting arrangement with Spark Financial Consulting Spark ), which is a consulting company
owned by an employee of the Company. Spark provides business development services including but not limited to recruiting, targeting and
evaluation of potential mergers and acquisitions, finding third party contractors and assisting with related negotiations in exchange
for a monthly fee of 16,000 in 2021. Additionally, Spark may be entitled to additional fees for additional consulting services. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid Spark 118,769. The agreement was terminated during the third quarter of 2021. 

The Company had an employment
agreement with a certain pharmacist, Head of the Compounding Department, who is the first paternal cousin to an employee of the Company.
In consideration for duties performed, including but not limited to, marketing, patient consultation, formulary development, patient and
physician education, training, recruitment, sales management, as well as pharmacist responsibilities, the Company agreed to provide monthly
compensation of 15,000 or 10,000 plus 5 commission on monthly gross profits generated by the Compounding Department, whichever is greater.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, payments to the pharmacist were 63,495. The employment agreement was terminated during the third
quarter of 2021. 

On August 30, 2022, NextPlat,
Charles M. Fernandez, Rodney Barreto, and certain other purchasers purchased from Iliad Research a Secured Convertible Promissory Note,
dated March 6, 2019, made by the Company to Iliad (the Note ). The accrued and unpaid principal and interest under the note
at the time of the purchase was approximately 2.8 million. The aggregate purchase price paid to Iliad for the Note was 2.3 million of
which NextPlat contributed 1.0 million and Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto contributed 400,000 each (the Note Purchase ).
In connection with the Note Purchase, NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note entered into a Debt
Modification Agreement with the Company. In consideration of the concessions in the Debt Modification Agreement, the Company issued 105,000
shares of its common stock to the purchasers of the Note, of which NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto, received 45,653, 18,261, and
18,261 shares, respectively. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Consistent with the rules applicable to Smaller Reporting Companies 
we have omitted information required by this Item. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information required by this item is submitted as a separate section of this report beginning on page F-2. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On March
7, 2023, the Company was advised by Daszkal Bolton, LLP Daszkal ), the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm, that Daszkal completed a business combination agreement with CohnReznick LLP CohnReznick ). As a result of this transaction,
Daszkal will resign as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm following the filing of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K. The Company s current Daszkal audit
team is now part of CohnReznick and the Company expects it will likely engage CohnReznick to serve as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm for the Company s fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 

Daszkal s
reports on the Company s financial statements for the past two years did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion,
and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 

During the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were (i) no disagreements (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the
related instructions) between the Company and Daszkal on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved to Daszkal s satisfaction, would have caused Daszkal to make reference thereto
in its reports on the financial statements for such years; and (ii) no reportable events within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

(a) 
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based on management s evaluation (with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO have concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act)), are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b)
 Inherent Limitations on Controls. Management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions
and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that misstatements due to errors or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

(c) 
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets; (b) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board
of Directors; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions
to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on this assessment our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial
reporting is effective under those criteria. 

(d) 
Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during
our fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS
 AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names of our directors and executive officer employees and their ages, positions, and biographical information
as of December 31, 2022. Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our Board of Directors.
Our directors will hold office until our next annual meeting of shareholders, or until their earlier resignation or removal. 

Name
 Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Charles
 M. Fernandez 
 
 61 
 
 September
 13, 2022 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Cecile
 Munnik 
 
 45 
 
 October
 15, 2020 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Birute
 Norkute 
 
 41 
 
 January
 3, 2020 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Rodney
 Barreto 
 
 65 
 
 September
 13, 2022 
 
 Vice-Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jervis
 Bennet Hough 
 
 46 
 
 August
 1, 2017 
 
 Director 
 
 Pedro
 Rodriguez, M.D. 
 
 74 
 
 October
 7, 2022 
 
 Director 
 
 Joseph
 Ziegler 
 
 49 
 
 December
 9, 2021 
 
 Director 

Background
of Directors and Executive Officers 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of our directors and executive
officers, indicating each person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization
in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 

Charles
M. Fernandez, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer . Mr. Fernandez has served as the Chairman of the Board since
September 2022 and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since November 2022. Mr. Fernandez has over 30 years experience
in identifying profitable start-up and dislocation opportunities, building significant value, and executing exit strategies as an
entrepreneur and global investor. In 2008, Charles M. Fernandez joined Fairholme Capital Management. As President, he co-managed all
three Fairholme funds, and was commended for bringing in a 2.0 billion gain for shareholders. Throughout his impressive career in
Media, Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare, Finance and Technology, he has participated in more than 100 significant mergers, acquisitions,
and product development projects. Mr. Fernandez was the founder, Chairman, and CEO of eApeiron Solutions, LLC, a brand protection
and e-commerce company in partnership with Alibaba and Eastman Kodak which was successfully sold to Smartrac, leading developer,
manufacturer, and supplier of RFID and Internet of Things IoT solutions, a unit of Avery Dennison
Corporation. 

Cecile
Munnik, Chief Financial Officer . Ms. Munnik has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 2020.
She has over fifteen years of accounting and finance experience. She has served in finance and accounting leadership positions for companies
and business units with annual revenues ranging from 100M to 3B, and demonstrated expertise in US GAAP, SEC Reporting (10-K, 10-Q),
Sarbanes-Oxley, Public Accounting, Mergers Acquisitions, Internal Controls/Process Efficiencies, ERPs, and Strategy Planning for
private and public entities. Prior to joining Progressive Care, she has held several senior management positions. Ms. Munnik served as
Director of Asset Management at Unified Women s Healthcare, a single-specialty management services organization to support Ob-Gyn
practices from November 2018 through April 2020. She joined The Service Companies as Director of Finance in May 2017 through October
2018. Prior to The Service Companies, she worked at Lennox International for eleven years. She joined Lennox in June 2006 as Sr. Internal
Auditor and left in May 2017 as Manager of Financial Planning and Analysis. Ms. Munnik has a bachelor s degree in accounting from
the University of Pretoria (South Africa) and is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and Chartered Accountant (CA). She serves on the
board of Damascus Road Partners, which is a group of social enterprise investors who invest charitable capital to sustainably address
human suffering. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Birute
Norkute, Chief Operating Officer . Mrs. Norkute has served as our Chief Operating Officer since
January 2020. Mrs. Norkute was appointed as a director in December 2021 and resigned as a director in September 2022 continuing to serve
as Chief Operating Officer. Mrs. Norkute has over fifteen years of experience in the healthcare industry, working in medical equipment,
compliance, and operations management. She started her career with Pharmco in 2008 to establish the durable medical equipment department.
Through strong performance and fostering organic growth in her department, she earned her path into the pharmacy operations in 2013 where
she played a vital part in their growth overseeing the compliance, credentialing, licensing, and integration of Pharmco s two acquisitions
in 2018 and 2019. She was promoted to COO in January 2020. Before ascending to her current role as COO, Mrs. Norkute controlled budgetary
compliance for Pharmco locations leading to efficiencies that were often superior to those of automated systems. She also has strong experience
managing the Company s IT infrastructure to ensure current protocols are in place for HIPAA compliance and technological efficiency.
Mrs. Norkute graduated from Kaunas University of Technology in 2003 with a bachelor s degree in Business Administration. Her expertise
lies in the healthcare industry, insurance relations, and compliance. 

Rodney
Barreto, Director . Mr. Barreto was appointed as the Vice-Chairman of the Board in September 2022. Mr. Barreto is President and
CEO of the Barreto Group and of Barreto Hospitality since their founding. The Barreto Group, which was founded in 1988, is a diversified
company specializing in corporate and public affairs consulting, real estate investment, and development. Barreto Hospitality, which
was founded in 2020, is the food, beverage, and hospitality arm of the Company boasting a wide array of dining and entertainment venues
across South Florida. Mr. Barreto is also the founding partner of Floridian Partners, LLC. Floridian Partners LLC, which was founded
in 2000, is a consulting firm that develops and manages effective corporate and public affairs strategies designed to achieve specific
business results. Mr. Barreto has also served as the CEO of Barreto Capital, LLC, a private money lender, since November 2018. Mr. Barreto
has chaired the Super Bowl Host Committee a record three (3) times, in the years 2007, 2010 and 2020. Mr. Barreto was appointed to serve
as a director of the Company based on his significant leadership and entrepreneurial experience. 

Jervis
Bennet Hough, Director . Mr. Hough has served as a Director since August 2017. Mr. Hough has worked in the
capital markets and financial services industry in various compliance and management capacities. His regulatory background provides valuable
perspective when assisting firms in the development and implementation of managerial plans and developing business. Mr. Hough currently
serves at the nation s oldest African-American Investment Banking Firm Blaylock Van, LLC as Chief Operations Officer and Chief
Compliance Officer. Prior to Blaylock, Mr. Hough served as Chief Compliance Officer for IFS Securities, Inc from 2014 to 2018. Prior
to 2014, Mr. Hough has also served in several executive positions at various companies including: President at Fund America Securities;
CEO and COO at J C Global Securities; and CEO and President at Capital Credit International Inc. Having begun his career with
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), Mr. Hough has gone on to amass experience is various sectors of the industry including
corporate investment and public finance. Mr. Hough holds a B.S. Degree in Economics and an M.S. Degree in Agricultural and Applied Economics
from Clemson University. He has earned the Certified Securities Compliance Professional Certification from the National Society of Compliance
Professionals. Mr. Hough holds the Series 7, 24, 53, 63, 79, and 99 licenses from FINRA (Financial Industrial Regulatory Authority).
Mr. Hough is a Founding Board Member of the Georgia Crowdfunding Association and Past Board Member of the U.S.A. Jamaica Chamber of Commerce. 

Pedro
Rodriguez, M.D., Director . Dr. Rodriguez was appointed as a Director in October 2022. Dr. Rodriguez is a medical
professional with over 40 years of experience in the psychiatry field. Currently, Dr. Rodriguez is the Chairman and Medical Director
of the Department of Psychiatry at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, FL. Previously, Dr. Rodriguez was the Chairman and
Medical Director of the Department of Psychiatry at Cedar s Medical Center in Miami, FL from 1993-2003. Dr. Rodriguez is a
Diplomat in the Specialty of Psychiatry in the American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology and is a member of the State of Florida
Board of Medical Examiners. Dr. Rodriguez has been the recipient of numerous awards and recognized in the Miami community as one of
the Community s most eminent physicians. Dr. Rodriguez received his doctorate degree from the University of Salamanca School
of Medicine and an MBA from the University of Miami Herbert Business School. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

Joseph
Ziegler, Director . Mr. Ziegler was appointed as a Director in December 2021. Mr. Ziegler is currently the
Chief Financial Officer of DAS Health, a private equity owned provider of IT Services to healthcare providers. Mr. Ziegler previously
served as CFO for Encompass Onsite, where he led a team through a period of rapid growth driven by acquisitions and new customer onboarding
while improving the financial infrastructure of the business. Prior to joining Encompass, he held multiple roles as a CFO in the healthcare
industry, including Private Equity backed specialty pharmacy Biomatrix, successfully driving top line growth from 60 million to 500
million during his tenure with the company. Prior to serving as CFO of Biomatrix, Mr. Ziegler served as CFO of Novis Pharmaceuticals,
driving the company s growth from 60 million to 200 million during his tenure and led the company s sales process to strategic
acquirer Cardinal Health. He graduated from Florida Atlantic University with an MBA following a BS in finance. Mr. Ziegler was appointed
to the Board because of his deep knowledge in healthcare, finance and accounting with strong regulatory oversight. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Based
solely upon a review of reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any amendments thereto furnished to the Company pursuant to Section 16 of the
Exchange Act, and written representations from the Section 16 officers and directors that no other reports were required, the Company
reports that we believe all Forms 3, 4 and 5 showing ownership of and changes of ownership in our capital stock or similar reportable
transactions which took place during the 2022 fiscal year were timely filed with the SEC. 

Corporate
Governance Principles and Code of Ethics 

The
Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that is applicable to the Company and to all our directors and officers and persons
performing similar functions, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A copy of the Company s
Code of Ethics may be obtained on our website at www.progressivecareus.com. We intend to disclose future amendments to such code,
or any waivers of its requirements, applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions or our directors on our website identified above. The inclusion of our
website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our website into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Board
Committees 

Pursuant
to our bylaws, our Board may establish one or more committees of the Board however designated, and delegate to any such committee the
full power of the Board, to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

Our
Board has established three separately designated standing committees to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities: the Audit
Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The charters for our Board committees set
forth the scope of the responsibilities of that committee. The Board will assess the effectiveness and contribution of each committee
on an annual basis. 

Nominating
 and 

Corporate
 Governance 
 
 Name 
 
 Independent 
 
 Audit
 Committee 
 
 Compensation
 Committee 
 
 Committee 
 
 Charles
 M. Fernandez (1) 

Rodney
 Barreto (2) 
 
 X 

Jervis
 Bennet Hough 
 
 X 
 
 C 
 
 M 
 
 M 
 
 Pedro
 Rodriguez, M.D. 
 
 X 
 
 M 

Joseph
 Ziegler 
 
 X 
 
 M 
 
 M 
 
 M 

C
 Chairman of Committee 

 M
 Member 

 (1)
Chairman of Board of Directors 

 (2)
Vice-Chairman of Board of Directors 

Audit
Committee 

The
current members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Hough, Rodriguez, and Ziegler, each of whom qualifies as an independent 
director in accordance with the listing requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC. The Board has determined that Mr. Hough is an audit
committee financial expert, as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K and is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee
is primarily responsible for, but not limited to, selecting, compensating, overseeing, and terminating the selection of the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Compensation
Committee 

The
current members of the Compensation Committee are Messrs. Hough and Ziegler, each of whom qualifies as an independent director
in accordance with the listing requirements of Nasdaq. The Compensation Committee is primarily responsible for, but not limited to, reviewing
and approving compensation of the Company s executive officers and board of directors. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
current members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Messrs. Hough and Ziegler, each of whom qualifies as an independent 
director in accordance with the listing requirements of Nasdaq. The Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified
to become members of the Board or any committee thereof; recommending nominees for election as directors at each annual stockholder meeting;
recommending candidates to fill any vacancies on the Board or any committee thereof; and overseeing the evaluation of the Board. 

Legal
Proceedings 

In
July 2016, Jervis Hough entered into a letter of acceptance, waiver and consent (No. 2015046056404) with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA with respect to alleged violations of NASDQ Rule 3010 and FINRA Rule 2010 relating to insufficient due
diligence conducted in a private placement. Mr. Hough was fined 5,000 and given a 15-business day suspension from associating with any
FINRA registered firm in a principal capacity. 

Except
as set forth above, during the past ten years, none of our officers, directors, or control persons have been involved in any legal proceedings
as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation earned by or paid to our executive officers for services
provided for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 )(1) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards )(2) 
 Options
 Awards )(3) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Charles M. Fernandez (4) 
 2022 

123,043 (5) 
 321,683 (6) 

7,000 (7) 
 451,726 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
 Officer 
 2021 

Alan Jay Weisberg (8) 
 2022 
 91,462 
 
 380,000 

112,700 (9) 
 584,162 
 
 Former Co-Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 100,000 
 7,000 
 50,000 

157,000 
 
 Shital Parikh Mars (10) 
 2022 

Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 

78,000 
 78,000 
 
 Cecile Munnik 
 2022 
 180,000 
 45,100 
 
 160,357 (11) 

6,000 (12) 
 391,457 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 164,000 
 12,300 

176,300 
 
 Birute Norkute 
 2022 
 125,000 
 10,300 
 160,000 

20,900 (13) 
 316,200 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 115,000 
 10,500 

125,500 

(1) 
 Includes amounts paid and/or accrued. 
 
 (2) 
 Stock awards are fully vested at grant and the amounts shown represent
the aggregate grant date fair value calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 718. 
 
 (3) 
 Amounts shown represent the fair market value of awards and do not necessarily correspond to the actual values that may be realized. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr. Fernandez joined the Company as CEO on November 11, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes 18,261 shares issued pursuant to the Debt Modification Agreement,
see Note 4 included in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes 62,881 unexercised stock options issued pursuant to a Stock Option
Agreement. 
 
 (7) 
 Fees paid to Mr. Fernandez as Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
 
 (8) 
 Mr. Weisberg resigned on November 11, 2022. Mr. Weisberg did not hold any unexercised options, unvested stock or other contingent equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (9) 
 Includes 100,00 severance to be paid over 12 months commencing November
12, 2022, 3,000 fees paid to Mr. Weisberg during his time as Chairman of the Board of Directors and 9,700 for health benefits. 
 
 (10) 
 Ms. Mars resigned on August 13, 2020. Ms. Mars did not hold any unexercised options, unvested stock or other contingent equity awards as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 (11) 
 Includes 25,000 unexercised stock options issued pursuant to an Amended Employment Agreement. 
 
 (12) 
 Includes 5,400 for health benefits and 600 for travel allowance. 
 
 (13) 
 Includes 2,600 fees paid to Mrs. Norkute during her time as a director and 18,300 for health benefits. Mrs. Norkute resigned from the Board of Directors on September 12, 2022. 

Compensation
Components 

Salary .
We compensate our executive officers for their service by payment of salary, which is set in each of the named executive officer s
employment agreement discussed below. 

Discretionary
Bonuses . Our board of directors has the authority and discretion to award performance-based compensation to our executives if it
determined that a particular executive has exceeded his or her objectives and goals or made a unique contribution to us during the year,
or other circumstances warrant. 

Stock
Awards . Stock awards are determined by the board of directors based on numerous factors, some of which include responsibilities incumbent
with the role of each executive and tenure with us. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

Employment
Agreements 

Employment
Agreement by and between Alan Jay Weisberg and the Company 

We
entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Weisberg on October
15, 2020 which was amended on July 19, 2021 and amended and restated on November 22, 2021 pursuant to which Mr. Weisberg served as the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The initial term of the employment agreement was for three years and would automatically renew
for successive one-year periods unless either the Company or Mr. Weisberg provide the other party with written notice of non-renewal at
least 60 days before the end of each term. We agreed to pay Mr. Weisberg a base annual salary of 100,000. Mr. Weisberg will receive options
to purchase up to 70,000 shares upon a qualified offering pursuant to the provisions of an option agreement and up to 75,000 restricted
stock units RSUs pursuant to the provisions of a RSU agreement. The employment agreement contained covenants restricting
Mr. Weisberg s ability to compete with us, and to solicit our customers or employees, for a period of 12 months following termination
of his employment, as well as covenants with respect to the protection of our confidential information. The employment agreement also
required us to indemnify Mr. Weisberg against certain claims made against him arising from services he provided us in good faith. The
employment agreement provided for severance pay in certain circumstances consisting of 12 months of continued payment of base salary on
a bi-weekly basis and payment of health insurance premiums for up to 12 months. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Board approved the acceleration
of vesting for certain RSUs previously awarded to Mr. Weisberg. Pursuant to the Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement,
75,000 RSUs vested and were awarded to Mr. Weisberg as of the date of Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement . 

Effective
November 11, 2022, Mr. Weisberg resigned as CEO and Co-Vice Chairman of the Board of the Company. 

Employment
Agreement by and between Cecile Munnik and the Company 

We
entered into an executive employment agreement with Ms. Munnik October
15, 2020 which was amended and restated on November 22, 2021 pursuant to which Ms. Munnik will serve as the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company. The initial term of the employment agreement is three years and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods
unless either the Company or Ms. Munnik provide the other party with written notice of non-renewal at least 60 days before the end of
each term. We agreed to pay Ms. Munnik a base annual salary of 180,000. Ms. Munnik will receive options to purchase up to 25,000 shares
upon a qualified offering pursuant to the provisions of an option agreement and is eligible for a cash incentive bonus in an amount to
be approved by the Board. Should the current offering be completed, it will be considered a qualified offering pursuant to the terms of
the employment agreement. The employment agreement contains covenants restricting Ms. Munnik s ability to compete with us, and to
solicit our customers or employees, for a period of 12 months following termination of her employment, as well as covenants with respect
to the protection of our confidential information. The employment agreement also requires us to indemnify Ms. Munnik against certain claims
made against her arising from services she provides us in good faith. The employment agreement provides for severance pay in certain circumstances
consisting of six months of continued payment of base salary on a bi-weekly basis and payment of health insurance premiums for up to six
months. To be eligible for severance payments, Ms. Munnik must have entered into a full and complete general release of any and all claims
against the Company and related persons and entities. 

In
November 2022, the Board approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement between the Company and Ms. Munnik, pursuant to which, the Company agreed that Ms. Munnik may provide up to approximately
30 of her time on a weekly basis to provide services to NextPlat and receive compensation from NextPlat. Ms. Munnik will continue to
serve the Company faithfully and to the best of her ability and shall devote her full time, attention, and energies to the business of
the Company during customary business hours. Ms. Munnik shall receive a bonus in the amount of 30,000 immediately and receive options
to purchase 25,000 shares under the Stock Option Award Agreement Options ). The Options vested immediately. 

Employment
Agreement by and between Birute Norkute and the Company 

We
entered into an executive employment agreement with Mrs. Norkute on January 3, 2020 which was amended and restated on November 22, 2021
pursuant to which Mrs. Norkute will serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The initial term of the employment agreement
is for three years and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods unless either the Company or Mrs. Norkute provide the
other party with written notice of non-renewal at least 60 days before the end of each term. We agreed to pay Mrs. Norkute a base annual
salary of 125,000. Mrs. Norkute will receive options to purchase up to 25,000 shares upon a qualified offering pursuant to the provisions
of an option agreement and up to 25,000 RSUs pursuant to the provisions of a RSU agreement. The Board will review the base salary for
annual increases after the conclusion of the initial term, and bonuses will be determined by the Board based upon corporate profitability
and cash flow. Mrs. Norkute s employment agreement contains covenants restricting her ability to compete with us in the United
States, and to solicit our customers or employees, for a period of two years following her termination of employment, as well as covenants
with respect to the protection of our confidential information. The employment agreement also requires us to indemnify Mrs. Norkute against
certain claims made against her arising from services she provides us in good faith. The employment agreement provides for severance
pay in certain circumstances consisting of six months of continued payment of base salary on a bi-weekly basis and payment of health
insurance premiums for up to six months. To be eligible for severance payments, Mrs. Norkute must have entered into a full and complete
general release of any and all claims against the Company and related persons and entities. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Board approved the acceleration of vesting for certain RSUs previously awarded to Mrs. Norkute. Pursuant to the
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, 25,000 RSUs vested and were awarded to Mrs. Norkute as of the date of Amendment
to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the outstanding option awards at December 31, 2022 by our executive officers: 

Option awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 
 Charles M. Fernandez 
 62,881 
 
 94,322 
 4.40 
 09/13/2032 
 
 Cecile Munnik 
 25,000 

5.80 
 11/22/2031 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
table below summarizes all compensation of our non-employee directors for our last completed fiscal year. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock
 Awards )(1) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Rodney Barreto 
 7,000 
 50,000 
 160,841 (2) 

57,000 
 
 Jervis Bennet Hough 
 9,600 
 50,000 

59,600 
 
 Pedro Rodriguez, M.D. 
 6,000 
 50,000 

56,000 
 
 Joseph Ziegler 
 9,600 
 50,000 

59,600 
 
 Oleg Frier (3) 
 2,600 
 50,000 

52,600 

(1) Stock awards are reported at aggregate grant date fair value in the year
granted, as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Grant date fair value for restricted stock units is determined based on the
number of shares granted multiplied by the market price of the Company s common stock. See Note 3. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (2) Includes 31,441 unexercised stock options issued pursuant to a Stock Option
Agreement. 
 
 (3) Mr. Frier resigned September 12, 2022. 

Stock
options : Incentive stock options and nonstatutory stock options are granted under stock option agreements adopted by the plan administrator.
The plan administrator determines the exercise price for stock options, within the terms and conditions of the Incentive Stock Plan,
provided that the exercise price of a stock option generally cannot be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common stock on
the date of grant. Options granted under the Incentive Stock Plan vest based on vesting criteria specified in the stock option agreement
as determined by the plan administrator. 

Restricted
stock unit awards : RSUs are granted under restricted stock unit award agreements adopted by the plan administrator. An RSU may be
settled by cash, delivery of stock or a combination of cash and stock as deemed appropriate by the plan administrator. Additionally,
dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares covered by an RSU. RSUs granted under the Incentive Stock Plan vest based on
vesting criteria specified in the restricted stock unit award agreement as determined by the plan administrator. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth,
as of March 28, 2023, the number of and percent of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by: (i) each of our directors;
(ii) each of our named executive officers; (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, without naming them; and (iv) persons
or groups known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of our voting securities. 

A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of
securities that can be acquired within 60 days from March 28, 2023, upon the exercise of options, warrants or other convertible securities.
Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that convertible securities that are held by that beneficial
owner, but not those held by any other person, and which are exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023, have been exercised and converted.
Unless specified below, the address for each of the individuals below is 400 Ansin Blvd, Suite A, Hallandale Beach, Florida 33009. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Common
 Stock Owned Beneficially 
 Percent
 of Class 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock Owned Beneficially 
 Percent
 of Class 
 
 Directors and Named Officers: 

Charles M. Fernandez, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 213,849 
 2.8 

Rodney Barreto, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (2) 
 182,408 
 2.4 

Birute Norkute, Chief Operating Officer 
 40,563 

Cecile Munnik, Chief Financial Officer (3) 
 30,000 

Jervis Bennett Hough, Director 
 18,646 

Joseph Ziegler, Director 
 8,929 

Pedro Rodriguez, M.D., Director 
 5,556 

All directors and officers as a group (7 persons) 
 499,951 
 6.6 

Greater than 5 Stockholders: 

NextPlat Corp. (4) 3250 Mary St., Suite 410, Coconut Grove, FL 33133 
 3,349,010 
 44.3 
 3,000 
 100 
 
 Dawson James Securities, Inc. (5) 1515 N. Federal Hwy., Suite 300, Boca Raton, FL 33432 
 380,500 
 5.0 

Less
than 1 of our outstanding common stock. 

(1) 
 Includes (i) 121,343 shares of our common stock underlying a 400,000 principal amount convertible promissory note and (ii) vested stock options to acquire 62,881 shares of common stock. Also includes shares of our common stock issued to eAperion Partners, LLC, of which Mr. Fernandez is the owner. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes (i) 121,343 shares of our common stock underlying a 400,000 principal amount convertible promissory note and (ii) vested stock options to acquire 31,441 shares of common stock. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes vested stock options to acquire 25,000 shares of common stock. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes (i) 303,358 shares of our common stock underlying a 1.0 million principal amount convertible promissory note, (ii) 3000 convertible Series B Preferred Stock convertible into 1,500,000 shares of our common stock underlying a warrant, and (iii) 3000 convertible Series B Preferred Stock convertible into 1,500,000 shares of our common stock. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes 380,500 shares of our common stock underlying a warrant. 

There
are no arrangements, known to us, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the Company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table outlines our Equity Compensation Plan Information: 

Plan
 Category 
 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 

Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 

Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2020
 Incentive Plan 

40,000 

5.80 

331,350 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders: 

Equity
 compensation issued pursuant to individual compensation arrangements 

282,965 

4.40 

Total 

322,965 

4.57 

331,350 

The
2020 Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan was adopted in November
2020. Under this 2020 Plan, a total of 375,000 shares were authorized for stock-based compensation available in the form of either RSUs or stock options. As of December 31, 2022, under the 2020 Plan, there were 40,000 stock options outstanding,
and the Company has granted 3,650 RSUs and has 331,350 shares available for future issuance. The fair value of the restricted stock awards
equaled the stock price at the grant date. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

In
addition to the executive officer and director compensation arrangements discussed in Item 11. Executive Compensation, the following
describes transactions since January 1, 2021, to which the Company has been a participant, in which the amount involved in the transaction
exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any of the Company s directors, executive
officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any
of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

On August 30, 2022, NextPlat, Charles M. Fernandez, Rodney Barreto, and
certain other purchasers purchased from Iliad Research a Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2019, made by the Company
to Iliad (the Note ). The accrued and unpaid principal and interest under the note at the time of the purchase was approximately
 2.8 million. The aggregate purchase price paid to Iliad for the Note was 2.3 million of which NextPlat contributed 1.0 million and
Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto contributed 400,000 each (the Note Purchase ). In connection with the Note Purchase, NextPlat,
Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note entered into a Debt Modification Agreement with the Company. In consideration
of the concessions in the Debt Modification Agreement, the Company issued 105,000 shares of its common stock to the purchasers of the
Note, of which NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto, received 45,653, 18,261, and 18,261 shares, respectively. 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 

Our
CEO and CFO are responsible for reviewing and assessing the relevance of proposed relationships and transactions with related parties
and ratify agreements for execution on our behalf. We do not currently have a formal policy with respect to approval of transactions
with related persons but intend on adopting one in the future. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Daszkal Bolton LLP was the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
following table sets forth fees billed to us by our independent registered public accounting firm: 

Daszkal
 Bolton LLP 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 115,500 
 118,897 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 13,000 

Tax fees 

Other fees (3) 
 12,803 
 13,000 
 
 Total fees 
 141,303 
 131,897 

(1) Audit fees consisted primarily of fees for the audit of our annual financial statements and reviews
of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports and current reports. 
 
 (2) Audit-related fees consisted of fees billed for services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees. These services include accounting
consultations concerning financial accounting. 
 
 (3) Other fees consisted of fees for review of the Company s registration statement on Form S-1. 

The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related,
and other services to be provided by Daszkal Bolton LLP. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve the audit and permissible
non-audit services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such services does not impair the auditor s
independence. Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval must be submitted
to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided
at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more
of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee
at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent
auditor to management. All services described in the table above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
(1) Financial Statements 

 The
response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report beginning on page F-1. 

(a)
(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

 Schedule
II, Valuation Accounts, is submitted as a separate section of this report starting on page F-24. 

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is not pertinent to the Registrant or is not material
or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements and Notes thereto. 

(a)
(3),(b) and (c):Exhibits: The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted below. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

EXHIBITS 

3.1 
 Progressive Training Inc, Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 31, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-SB filed on June 13, 2007). 
 
 3.2 
 Progressive Care Inc., Certificate of Ownership and Merger of Progressive Care Inc. into Progressive Training, Inc. dated November 23, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation dated July 3, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock dated December 18, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dated September 1, 2022. 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation dated February 26, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated September 23, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 3.8 
 Certificate of Correction dated September 26, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 3.9 
 Progressive Care Inc., Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 3.10 
 Standstill Agreement by and among the Company, Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated May 13, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 Promissory Note between Regions Bank and Pharmco, LLC, 400 Ansin Blvd., Hallandale Beach, FL, dated as of December 14, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 4.2 
 Promissory Note between 400 Ansin LLC and Company, 400 Ansin Blvd., Hallandale Beach, FL, dated as of December 14, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 4.3 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note between Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. and the Company, dated as of January 2, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 4.4 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note between Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. and Company dated as of March 6, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 4.7 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1+ 
 Director Agreement between Jervis Hough and Progressive Care Inc., dated as of August 1, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.2+ 
 Director Agreement between Oleg Firer and Progressive Care Inc., dated as of September 20, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.3+ 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Alan Jay Weisberg and the Company, dated as of October 15, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.4+ 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Cecile Munnik and the Company, dated as of October 15, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.5+ 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Birute Norkute and the Company, dated as of January 3, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.6 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement Touchpoint RX, LLC dated as of March 30, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Spark Financial Consulting, Inc. dated July 1, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 10.8 
 Membership Interest Exchange Agreement, dated January 5, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2015). 
 
 10.9+ 
 Incentive Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021). 
 
 10.10+ 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Alan Jay Weisberg and the Company, dated as of November 22, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.11+ 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Cecile Munnik and the Company, dated as of November 22, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.12+ 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Birute Norkute and the Company, dated as of November 22, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.13+ 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Armen Karapetyan and the Company, dated as of November 22, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.14+ 
 Employment Agreement by and between Carlos Rangel and the Company, dated as of November 22, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.15+ 
 Director Agreement between Alan Jay Weisberg and Progressive Care Inc., dated as of July 21, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.16 
 Share Exchange Agreement between the Company and Yelena Braslavskaya 2020 Gift Trust dated November 22, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.17 
 Settlement Agreement by and among the Company, Iliad Research and Chicago Ventures Partners, L.P. dated January 20, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.18+ 
 Director Agreement between Birute Norkute and the Company dated as of December 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.19+ 
 Director Agreement between Joseph Ziegler and the Company dated as of December 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form10-12G filed on February 9, 2022). 
 
 10.20 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among certain sellers and Company dates as of March 8, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-12G/A filed on April 7, 2022). 
 
 10.21 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement by and among certain sellers and Company dated as of November 1, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-12G/A filed on April 7, 2022). 
 
 10.22 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 30, 2022 by and between the Company and NextPlat (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022). 

54 

 Table of Contents 

10.23 
 Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022). 
 
 10.24 
 Exchange Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022). 
 
 10.25 
 Confidential Note Purchase and Release Agreement dated August 30, 2022 by and between the Company, NextPlat, Iliad Research and Trading L.P., Pharmco, LLC, Charles Fernandez, Rodney Barreto, Daniyel Erdberg and Sixth Borough Capital Fund, LP (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022). 
 
 10.26 
 Placement Agency Agreement dated August 30, 2022 by and between the Company and Dawson James Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022). 
 
 10.27 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 16, 2022 by and between the Company and NextPlat (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022). 
 
 10.28 
 Form of Debenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022). 
 
 10.29 
 Form of Security Agreement dated as of November 16, 2022 by Company, Touchpoint RX, LLC, Family Physicians RX, Inc., and ClearMetrX Inc. in favor of NextPlat Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022). 
 
 10.30 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2022) 
 
 10.31+ 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Alan Jay Weisberg and the Company, dated as of October 7, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 10.32+ 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Birute Norkute and the Company, dated as of October 7, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 10.33+ 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Cecile Munnik and the Company, dated as of November 14, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 10.34+ 
 Stock Option Agreement by and between Rodney Barreto and the Company, dated as of September 13, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 10.35+ 
 Stock Option Agreement by and between Charles M. Fernandez and the Company, dated as of October 7, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021). 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Progressive Care Inc. 
 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (set forth on the Signature Page of the Registration Statement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 24.1 to Form DRS S-1 filed on November 9, 2020). 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 Corporate Governance Principles (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021) 
 
 99.2 
 Audit Committee Charter (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021) 
 
 99.3 
 Compensation Committee Charter (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021) 
 
 99.4 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to Form S-1 filed on October 12, 2021) 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL
 Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101 
 The
 following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted
 in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of
 Stockholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as
 blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 
 104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

 +
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Financial
Statements are submitted as a separate section of this report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized officers and directors. 

Progressive
 Care Inc. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 CHARLES M. FERNANDEZ 

Charles
 M. Fernandez 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Dated: 
 
 Title 
 
 Signature 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 /s/
 CHARLES M. FERNANDEZ 

(Principle
 Executive Officer) 
 
 Charles
 M. Fernandez 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 /s/
 CECILE MUNNIK 

(Principle
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Cecile
 Munnik 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 /s/
 RODNEY BARRETO 

Rodney
 Barreto 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 /s/
 JERVIS HOUGH 

Jervis
 Hough 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 /s/ PEDRO
 RODRIGUEZ 

Pedro Rodriguez 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 /s/
 JOSEPH ZIEGLER 

Joseph
 Ziegler 

56 

 Table of Contents 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Daszkal Bolton
LLP (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

Schedule II Valuation Accounts 
 F-24 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors 

 Stockholders
of Progressive Care, Inc. 

 Hallandale
Beach, FL 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Progressive Care, Inc. (the Company at December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Goodwill
Impairment Assessments 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance was approximately 1.4 million at
December 31, 2022. Management tests goodwill for impairment by performing an initial qualitative assessment (and quantitative assessment,
if necessary), at least annually, or more frequently if an indication of impairment exists. Management s goodwill impairment assessment
and testing is performed during the fourth quarter of each year by comparing the estimated fair value of an associated reporting unit
at December 31, 2022 to its carrying value. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to qualitative goodwill impairment testing is a critical
audit matter are there was significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurement of any reporting units where
qualitative test was performed and there was a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and
in evaluating audit evidence relating to management s analysis. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s qualitative goodwill
impairment test, including controls over the valuation of any reporting units for which a qualitative test was performed. Evaluating
whether the assumptions used by management was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performing of the reporting unit, (ii)
the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether the assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other
areas of the audit. 

Valuation
of Derivative Liabilities 

As
described Note 3 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company determined that the conversion features of its convertible
notes in conjunction with financing arrangements required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities are
recorded at fair value when issued and subsequently re-measured to fair value each reporting period. The Company utilized the Monte Carlo
Simulation Model model to determine the fair value of the derivative liabilities, which uses certain assumptions related
to exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. 

We
determined the assessment of the fair values of the derivative liabilities as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements
used by the Company in determining the fair value of the derivative liabilities. Auditing the valuation of the derivative liabilities
involved a high degree of auditor judgement and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included testing management s process for developing the fair value measurement, evaluating
the appropriateness of the model used by the Company to value the derivative liabilities, testing the reasonableness of the assumptions
used by the Company in the model including exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate and testing the accuracy
and completeness of data used by the Company in developing the assumptions use in the model. 

/s/
 Daszkal Bolton LLP 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

March
 30, 2023 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable trade, net 

Receivables - other 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Other Assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating right-of-use assets, net 

Finance right-of-use assets, net 

Deposits 

Total
 Other Assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Notes payable and accrued interest, net of
 unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs 

Operating lease liabilities - current portion 

Finance lease liabilities current portion 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Derivative liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities - net of current portion 

Finance lease liabilities net of current portion 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock, Series A par value,
 shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Preferred Stock, Series B par value,
 shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Preferred Stock, value 

Common stock par value, 
 shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues, net 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating
expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Bad debt (recovery) expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (loss) income 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Grant revenue 

Other finance costs 

Abandoned offering costs 

Day one loss on issuance of units 

Day one loss on debt modification 

Gain (loss) on disposal of fixed assets 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other (loss) income 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Series A Preferred Stock
 dividend associated with induced conversion 

Net (loss) income attributable
 to Common Shareholders 

Basic weighted average
 (loss) earnings per common share 

Diluted weighted average (loss) earnings per common share 

Basic
weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted
weighted average common shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Preferred
 Series A 
 Preferred
 Series B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total
 Stockholders 

0.001
 Par Value 
 0.001
 Par Value 
 0.0001
 Par Value 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for settlement of
 debt principle and interest 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for debt modification
 agreement 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for redemption
 and cancellation of Series A Preferred Stock 

Series A Preferred Stock dividend associated
 with induced conversion 

Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock from securities
 purchase agreement 

Reclassification of debt and equity contracts 

Stock options granted during the period 

Net loss 

Net
 income (loss) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net (loss) income attributable
 to Common Shareholders 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income
 to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Change in provision for doubtful accounts 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt
 discounts 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Other financing costs 

Series A Preferred Stock dividend associated
 with induced conversion 

Day one loss on issuance of units 

Day one loss on debt modification 

Amortization of right of use assets-Finance
 leases 

Amortization of right of use assets-Operating
 leases 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in accrued interest on notes payable 

Change in accrued interest on lease liabilities 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Gain on disposal of fixed assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Grant receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Net cash provided by
 (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets 

Purchase of intangible
 assets 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 

Gross proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 

Payment of stock issuance costs 

Payment of debt discount and debt issuance
 costs 

Payments of notes payable 

Payments on lease liabilities 

Net cash provided by
 financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures
 of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income
 taxes 

Supplemental schedule
 of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Debt principal and interest
 repaid through conversion into common stock shares 

Debt extension fees
 and other financing costs added to note principal 

Issuance of common stock
 for services rendered 

Insurance premiums financed
 through issuance of note payable 

Equipment purchase financed
 through issuance of note payable 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

owned subsidiary of Progressive. Pharmco 901
was acquired by Progressive on October 21, 2010. We currently deliver prescriptions to Florida s diverse population and ship medications
to patients in states where we hold non-resident pharmacy licenses as well. We currently hold Florida Community Pharmacy Permits at all
Florida pharmacy locations and our Pharmco 901 location is licensed as a non-resident pharmacy in the following states: Arizona, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Utah. We are able to dispense to patients
in the state of Massachusetts without a non-resident pharmacy license because Massachusetts does not require such a license for these
activities. 

Pharmco
1103 is a pharmacy with locations in North Miami Beach and Orlando, Florida that provides Pharmco s pharmacy services to Broward
County, the Orlando/Tampa corridor, and the Treasure Coast of Florida. Progressive acquired all the ownership interests in Pharmco
1103 in a purchase agreement entered into on June 1, 2019. 

Pharmco
1002 is a pharmacy located in Palm Springs, Florida that provides Pharmco s pharmacy services to Palm Beach, St. Lucie and Martin
Counties, Florida. Progressive acquired all the ownership interests in Pharmco 1002 in a purchase agreement entered into on July 1,
2018. 

ClearMetrX
was formed on June 10, 2020 and provides third-party administration TPA services to 340B covered entities. ClearMetrX
also provides data analytics and reporting services to support and improve care management for health care organizations. 

RXMD
Therapeutics was formed on October 1, 2019. RXMD Therapeutics had no operating activity to date. 

of our common stock and the number of shares of common stock that we are
authorized to issue was reduced to million. All share information throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been retrospectively
adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. The shares of common stock retain a par value of per share. 

million that was
uninsured at December 31, 2022. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to
any significant credit risk associated with its cash balances, since our deposits are held with high quality financial institutions that
are well capitalized. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

B 

C 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years 
 
 Building
 improvements 

Leasehold
 improvements and fixtures 

Furniture
 and equipment 

years 
 
 Computer
 equipment and software 

years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 - 
 years 

Property
and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. There were impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and
liabilities. 

The
following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair value disclosures for financial instruments: 

Cash,
 accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities: The amounts reported in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
 Sheets approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 

Notes
 payable and lease liabilities: The carrying amount of notes payable approximated fair
 value due to variable interest rates at customary terms and rates the Company could obtain
 in current financing. The carrying value of lease liabilities approximate fair value due
 to the implicit rate in the lease in relation to the Company s borrowing rate and the
 duration of the leases (Level 2 inputs). 

Assets
Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Total losses for the period: 

Changes in fair value 

New derivatives 

Transfers
 out 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 - 

Changes
in fair value of derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were included in net (loss) income for the year. 

and of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company accrues an estimate of fees, including direct and indirect remuneration DIR fees, which are assessed or expected to be assessed by payers at some point after adjudication of a claim, as a reduction
of revenue at the time revenue is recognized. Changes in the estimate of such fees are recorded as an adjustment to revenue when the change
becomes known. 

340B contract revenue 

Testing revenue 

Rent and other revenue 

Subtotal 

PBM fees 

Sales returns 

Revenues, net 

Grant
Revenue 

Under
the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), the Company is eligible for refundable employee
retention credits ERCs subject to certain conditions which were met during the year ended December 31, 2022. In connection
with the ERCs, the Company adopted a policy to recognize the ERCs when earned and report the amounts as grant revenue in accordance with
FASB ASC 958-605. Accordingly, the Company recorded approximately million of grant revenue and grant revenue receivable during the
year ended December 31, 2022. The Company received approximately million of ERC proceeds during the year ended December 31, 2022,
which were credited against grant revenue receivable. Grant revenue receivable balance at December 31, 2022 was approximately million
and recorded in Receivables other on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

and of total vendor purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ownership interest in Pharmco 901 and Pharmco 1002; therefore, all of Pharmco 901 and
Pharmco 1002 s taxable income attributable to the period of ownership is included in Progressive Care Inc. s taxable income. 

There
was current tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the Company did not have taxable income during those
periods. Total available net operating losses to be carried forward to future taxable years was approximately 16.5 million as of December
31, 2022, 12.5 million of which will . The temporary differences giving rise to deferred income taxes
principally relate to accelerated depreciation on property and equipment and amortization of goodwill recorded for tax purposes, reserves
for estimated doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence and net operating losses recorded for financial reporting purposes. The Company s
net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was fully offset by a valuation allowance as it was not more likely than not
that the tax benefits of the net deferred tax asset would be realized. The change in the valuation allowance increased by approximately
 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes by recognizing a tax position in the consolidated financial statements only
after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions
meeting the more likely than not threshold, the amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit
that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company
records interest and penalties related to tax uncertainties, if any, as income tax expense. Based on management s evaluation, the
Company does not believe it has any uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock warrants 

Total 

Dilutive c ommon
stock equivalents 

The following table presents
the calculation of basic and diluted EPS: 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Potentially dilutive common shares 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic weighted average (loss) earnings per common share 

() 

Diluted weighted average (loss) earnings per common share 

() 

million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of
 million. The Company expects to continue to incur significant losses for at least the next 12 months. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and satisfaction of liabilities and other commitments in the normal course of business. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Debt Modification Agreement the Modification Agreement with a group of
investors led by NextPlat Corporation (the NextPlat investors wherein the terms were modified for the existing
Secured Convertible Promissory Note previously held by Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. the Iliad Note and sold to
the NextPlat investors. The NextPlat investors purchased the Iliad Note as part of a Confidential Note Purchase and Release
Agreement the NPA between Iliad Research and Trading L.P. and the NextPlat investors. As of the date of the
Securities Purchase Agreement SPA ), the aggregate amount of principal and interest outstanding was approximately
 million
(see Note 5). As part of the Modification Agreement, the NextPlat investors agreed to modify the following terms of the Iliad Note
as follows: 

1. 
 The
 Maturity Date was extended to . 

2. 
 The
 Outstanding Balance shall bear interest at the simple annual rate of five percent per annum. 

3. 
 The
 Company is prohibited from prepaying the Note. 

4. 
 The
 Conversion Price for the Note was modified to a fixed price of per share of common stock. 

5. 
 The
 Note shall provide for mandatory conversion upon the later to occur of (a) the completion of the Company s reverse stock split,
 and (b) the listing of the Company s common stock on a national exchange, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
 Market, or the New York Stock Exchange. 

The
Company also entered into a Private Placement Transaction wherein the Company raised approximately million in gross proceeds from
the sale of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (see Note 5), which approximately million were withheld from the gross proceeds
as it relates to offering costs and approximately million in stock issued for services rendered and derivative liabilities associated
with the offering. 

Management
believes that the above transactions mitigate the previously reported conditions related to the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern over the next 12 months. 

million through the sale of units. Each unit is made up of one share of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value, and one redeemable warrant the Investor Warrants ). Each warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of . The Investor Warrants may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, by means of a cashless exercise. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of per share.
Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of the Company s
common stock determined by dividing the stated value by the conversion price of . The Company incurred total offering costs associated
with the transaction of approximately million, which approximately million in offering costs were withheld from the gross proceeds
and approximately million in stock issued for service rendered and derivative liabilities associated with the offering. 

In
conjunction with the Private Placement Transaction, the Company also entered into a Debt Modification Agreement with NextPlat (see Note
4). The Company also issued placement agent warrants with substantively similar terms as the Investor Warrants. 

In
connection with the Private Placement Transaction, the Company entered
into a registration rights agreement with NextPlat pursuant to which, among other things, the Company agreed to prepare and file with
the SEC a resale registration statement to register the shares of the Company s common stock to be issued upon conversion of the
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the NextPlat Convertible Note, and Warrants. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company filed with the SEC a Request for Withdrawal of Registration Statement on Form S-1. 

Less: Allowance for
 doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable
 trade, net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized bad debt (recovery) expense in the amount of approximately and , respectively. 

Building improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements and fixtures 

Vehicles 

Land 

Computer equipment
 and software 

Total 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

Pharmacy records 

Non-compete agreements 

Software 

Website 

Subtotal 

Less accumulated
 amortization 

Net intangible assets 

Software not yet
 placed in service 

Total intangible
 assets, net 

Amortization
of intangible assets amounted to approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
following table represents the total estimated future amortization of intangible assets for the five succeeding years: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Accrued DIR fees 

Accrued legal fees 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total 

B. Mortgage note payable - commercial bank
 - collateralized 

C. Note payable - uncollateralized 

D. Notes payable - collateralized 

Insurance premiums
 financing 

Subtotal 

Less: unamortized debt discount 

Less: unamortized debt issuance
 costs 

Less:
 unamortized investment length premium 

Total 

Less:
 current portion of notes payable 

Long-term portion
 of notes payable 

The
corresponding notes payable above are more fully discussed below: 

(A)
Convertible Notes Payable collateralized 

Iliad
Research and Trading, L.P. 

On
March 6, 2019, Progressive entered a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Iliad Research and Trading,
L.P. Iliad Research in the amount of the Iliad Research note ). The Iliad Research note accrued
interest at the rate of per annum and was convertible into shares of common stock par value per share) based on the average
of the two lowest closing trading prices during the twenty trading days immediately preceding the applicable conversion. Through a series
of extensions entered into, the maturity date was extended to May 15, 2023, at which time all unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid
interest were due. The Iliad Research note was acquired as part of the Confidential Note Purchase and Release Agreement entered into
between Iliad Research and the NextPlat investors, and the terms of the Iliad Research note were modified as part of the Debt Modification
Agreement between the Company and the NextPlat investors (see Note 4). 

The
provisions of the Iliad Research note contained a weekly volume limitation on the number of shares common stock received from note conversions
that can be sold Volume Limitation ). In the event of Volume Limitation breach, the Outstanding Balance of the Iliad Research
note was reduced by an amount equal to such Excess Sales (the Outstanding Balance Reduction ). During the year ended December
31, 2021, the volume of sales of Conversion Shares exceeded the Volume Limitation, which resulted in an Outstanding Balance Reduction
in the amount of , which was recorded as a gain on debt extinguishment during the period. 

On
December 14, 2021, Progressive Care filed a demand the Company Demand with Iliad Research that alleged breaches of the
Volume Limitation provisions of the Iliad Research note, as well as a previous note agreement with an affiliate of Iliad Research, Chicago
Venture Partners, LP CVP ), the CVP note ). The CVP Note previously had been paid off in 2020. On January
7, 2022, in response to the Company Demand, Iliad Research and CVP filed a complaint with the Third Judicial District Court of Salt Lake
County, State of Utah, as well as an Arbitration Notice pursuant to the CVP and Iliad Research Purchase Agreements. 

On
January 20, 2022, Progressive Care entered into an agreement with Iliad Research and CVP the Settlement Agreement ), in
which (1) the maturity date of the Iliad Research note was extended to May 15, 2022, for which the Company paid an extension fee in the
amount of approximately , (2) the outstanding balance of the Iliad Research note was increased by because the Iliad Research
note was not repaid by February 16, 2022, (3) the balance of the Iliad Research note was reduced by (recorded in 2021) as
settlement of the alleged breaches of the Volume Limitation provisions of the Iliad Research note , (4) CVP paid to Progressive
Care as settlement of the alleged breaches of the Volume Limitation provisions of the CVP note,
 and (5) Iliad Research and its affiliated entities agreed not to sell any shares of Progressive Care or submit any Redemption
Notices for a stated time period Standstill Period ). The debt reduction and received were accounted
for as gains on debt extinguishment, the was accounted for as interest expense and the extension fee was recorded as
other finance costs. 

During
the second quarter of 2022, the Company and Iliad Research entered into a series of agreements to (i) extend the Standstill Period to
July 15, 2022, and (ii) extend the maturity date of the Iliad Research note to May 15, 2023. The fees paid to extend the Standstill Period
of approximately were recorded as other finance costs. The fees to modify the terms to extend the maturity date in the amount
of approximately were added to the outstanding note balance, resulting in the recognition of a loss on debt extinguishment. 

The
outstanding balance on the Iliad Research note was approximately at December 31, 2021, inclusive of accrued interest in the
amount of approximately . On August 30, 2022, the Iliad Research note was purchased by the NextPlat investors. 

The
conversion features embedded within the Iliad Research note represented an embedded derivative. Accordingly, the embedded conversion
right was bifurcated from the debt host and accounted for as a derivative liability and remeasured to fair value each reporting period.
Fair value was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded
in earnings a change in fair value of the derivative liability in the amounts of approximately and , respectively.
Upon the entrance into the Debt Modification Agreement with the NextPlat investors on August 30, 2022, the outstanding fair value of
the derivative liability of million was written off and included in gain on debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31,
2022. The derivative liability balance at December 31, 2021 was approximately . 

Debt
Issuance Costs, Debt Discount, and Investment Length Premium Associated with the Iliad Research Note 

Debt
issuance costs consist of fees incurred through securing financing from Iliad Research on March 6, 2019. Debt discount consists of the
discount recorded upon recognition of the derivative liability upon issuance of the first and second tranches. Investment length premium
is calculated at a premium on the outstanding balance when the note is still outstanding at (a) 18 months from the effective
date, (b) 24 months from the effective date, and (c) 30 months from the effective date. 

Debt
issuance costs, debt discount and investment length premium were amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt using
the straight-line method. Total amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and
 , respectively. 

NextPlat
Investors 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into the Modification Agreement with the NextPlat investors wherein the terms were modified for the existing Secured Convertible
Promissory Note originally held by Iliad Research the Note and sold to the NextPlat investors the
NextPlat Investors Note ). The NextPlat investors purchased the Note as part of a Confidential Note Purchase and
Release Agreement between Iliad Research and the NextPlat investors. As of the date of the SPA,
the aggregate amount of principal and interest outstanding on the NextPlat Investors Note was approximately million. As part of
the Modification Agreement, the NextPlat investors agreed to modify the following terms of the NextPlat Investors Note: 

1. 
 The
 Maturity Date was extended to . 

2. 
 The
 Outstanding Balance shall bear interest at the simple annual rate of five percent per annum. 

3. 
 The
 Company is prohibited from prepaying the Note. 

4. 
 The
 Conversion Price for the Note was modified to a fixed price of per share of common Stock. 

5. 
 The
 Note shall provide for mandatory conversion upon the later to occur of (a) the completion of the Company s reverse stock split,
 and (b) the listing of the Company s common stock on a national exchange, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global
 Market, or the New York Stock Exchange. 

The
outstanding balance on the NextPlat Investors Note was approximately million at December 31, 2022, inclusive of accrued interest
in the amount of approximately at December 31, 2022. The Note is reported net of a debt discount of approximately million
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. 

Embedded
Derivative Liability 

The
Company identified an embedded derivative feature in the NextPlat Investors Note and concluded that it required bifurcation and
liability classification as a derivative liability. The fair value of the embedded derivative at the issuance date of the Note
(August 30, 2022) was approximately million .
The Company recorded a gain of approximately million from the change in the fair value of the derivative liability in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year
ended December 31, 2022. As a result of the common stock reverse stock split on December 29, 2022, the derivative liability was reclassified
to equity. 

Debt
Issuance Costs and Debt Discount Associated with the NextPlat Investors Note 

Debt
Issuance Costs consist of fees incurred from the Placement Agent and Investment Advisor associated with the NextPlat Investors Debt Modification
Agreement. Debt Discount consists of the discount recorded from the issuance of approximately shares of common stock to the NextPlat
Investors as consideration for the Debt Modification Agreement. 

Debt
issuance costs and debt discount were amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method.
Total amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately . 

(B)
Mortgage Note Payable collateralized 

In
2018, Pharmco 901 closed on the purchase of land and building located at 400 Ansin Boulevard, Hallandale Beach, Florida. The purchase
price was financed in part through a mortgage note and security agreement entered into with a commercial lender in the amount of .
The promissory note is collateralized by the land and building, bears interest at a fixed rate of 
per annum, matures on and is subject to a prepayment penalty.
Principal and interest will be repaid through 119 regular payments of 
 that began in January 2019, with the final payment
of all principal and accrued interest not yet paid on December 14, 2028. Note repayment is guaranteed by Progressive Care Inc. 

(C)
Note Payable Uncollateralized 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uncollateralized note payable represents a non-interest-bearing loan that is due on demand from an
investor. 

(D)
Notes Payable Collateralized 

In
September 2019, the Company entered into a note obligation with a commercial lender, the proceeds from which were used to pay off a capital
lease obligation on pharmacy equipment in the amount of . The terms of the promissory note payable require 48 monthly payments
of , including interest at . The balance outstanding on the note payable was approximately and at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The promissory note is secured by equipment with a net book value of approximately and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
April 2021, the Company entered into a note obligation with a commercial lender, the proceeds from which were used to purchase pharmacy
equipment in the amount of . During September 2021, pharmacy equipment was returned since the installation was cancelled and the
note was amended. The amended promissory note payable requires 46 monthly payments of , including interest at . The balance outstanding
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 on the note payable was approximately and , respectively. The remaining equipment was written
off during September 2021. 

In
July 2022, the Company entered into a note obligation with a commercial lender, the proceeds from which were used to purchase
pharmacy equipment in the amount approximately of .
The terms of the promissory note payable require 6 monthly payments of 
starting July 2022, and 60 monthly payments of ,
including interest at 
starting January 2023. The balance outstanding on the note payable was approximately 
on December 31, 2022. The promissory note is secured by equipment with a net book value of approximately 
on December 31, 2022. 

In
September 2022, the Company entered into a note obligation with a commercial lender, the proceeds from which were used to purchase a
vehicle in the amount approximately of . The terms of the promissory note payable require 24 monthly payments of , including
interest at starting October 2022. The balance outstanding on the note payable was approximately on December 31, 2022.
The promissory note is secured by the vehicle with a net book value of approximately on December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Interest
expense on these notes payable, exclusive of debt discount and debt issue cost amortization, was approximately and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. plus applicable tax over 84 months ending March 2025 including interest
at the rate of 6 . The finance lease obligation is secured by equipment with a net book value of approximately and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company assumed an equipment finance lease obligation for medication dispensing equipment from the acquisition of Pharmco 1002 in July
2018. The lease expired in March 2022. The finance lease obligation was secured by equipment with a net book value of at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
December 2020, the Company entered into an interest-free finance lease obligation to purchase computer servers with a cost of approximately
 . plus applicable tax over 36 months ending November 2023 .
The finance lease obligation is secured by equipment with a net book value of approximately and at December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Operating
Leases 

The
Company entered into a lease agreement for its Orlando pharmacy in August 2020. The term of the lease is months with a termination
date of . The lease agreement calls for monthly payments that began in February 2021, of , with an escalating payment
schedule each year thereafter. 

The
Company leases its North Miami Beach pharmacy location under an operating lease agreement with a lease commencement date in September
2021. The term of the lease is months with a termination date in . The lease calls for monthly payments of , with
an escalating payment schedule each year thereafter. 

The
Company also leases its Palm Beach County pharmacy locations under operating lease agreements expiring in February 2024. 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest
 expense 

Total lease costs 

Financing
 cash flows from finance leases 

Total cash paid for
 lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities: 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

Finance leases: 

Finance lease right-of-use
 assets, net 

Finance lease liabilities: 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total lease payments to be paid 

Less:
 future interest expense 

Lease liabilities 

Less:
 current maturities 

) 
 
 Long-term portion of
 lease liabilities 

of our common stock and the number of shares of common stock that we are authorized to issue was reduced
to 
million. All common stock share information has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect
the reverse stock split. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Series A preferred stock is a non-dividend producing instrument that ranks superior to the Company s common stock. 

With
respect to all matters upon which stockholders are entitled to vote or to which shareholders are entitled to give consent, the holders
of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of common stock without regard to class, except
as to those matters on which separate class voting is required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws. 

In
July 2014, the board of directors approved the issuance of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock to a certain employee
of the Company, which is equal to of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding voting capital of the Company in satisfaction
of in past due debt. In October 2020, the preferred shares were transferred to a trust whose beneficiary is related to the employee.
In August 2022, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with the trust in which the shares of the Company s Series
A Preferred Stock were acquired from the trust and cancelled in exchange for the issuance of shares of the Company s common
stock. As a result of the exchange the Company recorded a preferred stock dividend of approximately associated with the transaction. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a SPA with NextPlat wherein
the Company sold units, generating gross proceeds of million. Each unit is made up of one share of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value, and Investor Warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of . The Investor Warrants may also be exercised, in whole
or in part, by means of a cashless exercise. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of per share and each
Preferred Stock share has the equivalent voting rights of common stock shares. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock determined by dividing the stated
value by the conversion price which is . The Company incurred offering costs associated with the transaction of approximately 
 million. 

million and 
million, respectively. There were no income tax benefits recognized from stock-based compensation during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 due to cumulative losses and valuation allowances. 

The 2020 Incentive Plan (the 2020
Plan was adopted in November 2020. Under this 2020 Plan, a total of shares were authorized for stock-based compensation
available in the form of either restricted stock units RSUs or stock options. As of December 31, 2022, under the 2020
Plan, the Company has granted RSUs and stock options and has shares available for future issuance. The fair value
of the RSUs equaled the stock price at the grant date and the RSUs vested upon issuance. 

The following table summarizes
fully vested stock options granted under the 2020 Plan for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 

Awards Issued Outside of Equity Incentive Plans 

Restricted Stock Units 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted and , respectively, RSUs as stock-based compensation. The fair value of the RSUs
equaled the stock price at the grant date and the RSUs vested upon issuance. 

Stock Options 

During
2022, the Company granted stock
options at a weighted average exercise price of ,
and options were 
exercised, forfeited, or expired. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options granted. The cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of years. The options have a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years. 

The
fair value of option awards was estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo simulation model. Expected volatilities are based
on historical volatilities of the Company s common stock. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that
options granted are expected to be outstanding, which takes into account that the options are not transferable. The risk-free interest
rate for the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grants. 

Expected term 
 
 years 
 
 Expected stock price volatility 

Dividend yield 

Placement Agent Warrants and Investor Warrants issued and outstanding. All of the warrants
were issued on August 30, 2022. There were no warrants exercised, forfeited or canceled during the year ended December 31, 2022. Investor
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of Preferred Stock shares. The Investor Warrants will be exercisable at any time at
the option of the Warrant Holders. The Investor Warrants will expire five years from the issue date of the Investor Warrants (September
2, 2027) or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The exercise price per share of preferred stock under the Investor Warrants is .
If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
then the Investor Warrants may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise. 

The
Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable into shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per common stock
share of . The Placement Agent Warrants may be exercised at any time at the option of the Placement Agent and expire on September
2, 2027. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement,
then the Placement Agent Warrants may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise. 

The
Company determined that the warrants do not meet the definition of a liability under FASB ASC Topic 480. However, they do meet the
definition of a derivative under FASB ASC Topic 815 because at the time the warrants were issued, the Company had insufficient
common stock shares to settle the warrants when considering all other commitments that may require the issuance of common stock
shares. The Company determined that the fair value of the warrants on their issuance date of August 30, 2022 was approximately
 
million and elected to classify the preferred stock shares and warrants as liabilities. On December 29, 2022, the Company effected a of our common stock. As result of the reverse stock split, the warrants were reclassified from
liabilities to equity. The Company recorded a loss of approximately 
million from the change in fair value of the derivative warrant liability on its Consolidated Statements of Operations for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Exercise price 

Stock price 

Term (4) 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Expected life (5) 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate (6) 

Warrants measurement input 

(1) 

(2) 
 
 (3) 
 
 (4) 
 
 (5) 
 
 (6) 

The
Company incurred a day one loss of approximately million because the Company had insufficient authorized common stock shares to
settle the warrants. 

,
plus attorneys fees and costs. PHA and Pharmco entered into a settlement agreement on July 1, 2022, pursuant to which Pharmco
paid to PHA the total amount of 
in 13 installment payments. The complaint was dismissed with prejudice on July 8, 2022. The balance outstanding was approximately
 
and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (recorded in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities). 

On
June 8, 2022, a complaint was filed by the Company against KeyCentrix, LLC KCL ), in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of Florida, alleging fraudulent inducement, breach of express warranty and breach of implied warranty. The complaint stems from
an agreement by KCL to license to the Company certain pharmacy management software known as Newleaf for use in the operations
of pharmacies operated by the Company. 

in 2021. Additionally, Spark may be entitled to additional fees for additional consulting services. During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company paid Spark .
The agreement was terminated during the third quarter of 2021. 

The
Company had an employment agreement with a certain pharmacist, Head of the Compounding Department, who is the first paternal cousin
to an employee of the Company. In consideration for duties performed, including but not limited to, marketing, patient consultation,
formulary development, patient and physician education, training, recruitment, sales management, as well as pharmacist
responsibilities, the Company agreed to provide monthly compensation of 
or plus 
commission on monthly gross profits generated by the Compounding Department, whichever is greater. During the year ended December
31, 2021, payments to the pharmacist were .
The employment agreement was terminated during the third quarter of 2021. 

On August 30, 2022, NextPlat, Charles M. Fernandez, Rodney Barreto, and
certain other purchasers purchased from Iliad Research a Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2019, made by the Company
to Iliad (the Note ). The accrued and unpaid principal and interest under the note at the time of the purchase was approximately
 million. The aggregate purchase price paid to Iliad for the Note was million of which NextPlat contributed million and
Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto contributed each (the Note Purchase ). In connection with the Note Purchase, NextPlat,
Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto and the other purchasers of the Note entered into a Debt Modification Agreement with the Company. In consideration
of the concessions in the Debt Modification Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock to the purchasers of the
Note, of which NextPlat, Messrs. Fernandez and Barreto, received , , and shares, respectively. 

of the eligible employee s compensation. The Company contributed approximately in matching contributions for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
Company did not make any matching contributions for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Account receivable, allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

F- 24 

<EX-3.5>
 2
 ex3-5.htm

Exhibit 3.5 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-4.7>
 3
 ex4-7.htm

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES REGISTERED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following description of registered Securities of Progressive Care Inc. us, our, we or the
 Company is intended as a summary only and therefore is not a complete description of our capital stock. This description
is based upon, and is qualified by reference to, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws
and applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL ). We encourage you to read our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws which are incorporate by reference as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.8 to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part, for the provisions that are important to you. 

Capitalization 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of One Hundred Million (100,000,000) shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and Ten
Million (10,000,000) shares of preferred stock. Of the 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock that the Company is authorized to issue,
(i) One Hundred Thousand (100,000) shares are designated as Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share and a stated value
of 2,000 per share and (ii) Nine Million Nine Hundred Thousand (9,900,000) shares of undesignated preferred shares, par value
 0.0001 per share. 

Common
Stock 

Dividend
Rights 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board
of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions,
and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest
earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

The
holders of the common stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available
therefor, dividends payable in cash, stock or otherwise. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary
or involuntary, our net assets shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of the common stock in accordance with their respective rights
and interest. 

Voting
Rights 

The holders of common stock are
entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative
voting rights. The holders of common stock are entitled to dividends if declared by the Board of Directors. There are no redemption or
sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, and holders of common stock are not entitled to any preemptive rights with respect
to additional issuances of common stock by the Company. 

Other
Rights and Preferences 

Holders
of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders
of our common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of our Series
B Preferred Stock and shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

We
are authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from
time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares
of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations, or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders,
unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed. If the approval
of our stockholders is not required for the issuance of shares of our preferred stock, our board may determine not to seek stockholder
approval. Our board of directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the
number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may
authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights
of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions
and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control
and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Maturity 

Subject to the redemption
and conversion rights described below, shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are perpetual securities. 

Dividends 

In addition to stock dividends
or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Certain Adjustments, holders of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay, as and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of the assets
of the Company properly applicable to the payment of dividends, dividends paid on Common Stock with each share of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock treated on an as-converted basis. Dividends will be prorated for stub periods. The Company shall not pay any dividends
on the Common Stock unless the Company simultaneously complies with this dividend policy. 

Voting Rights 

The Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock shall vote as a single class with the shares of Common Stock. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall
have the voting rights equivalent to 100,000 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse split, recapitalization
or reorganization). 

Consent Rights 

So long as any shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding,
the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock or
alter or amend the Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that
adversely affects any rights of the holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, or
(d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

The Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock ranks senior to our common stock as to distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether
voluntary or involuntary. The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall have a liquidation preference to all other class of
stock of the Company in the amount of 2,000 per share. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary
or involuntary, the holders of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or
surplus, of the Company (i) 2,000 per share plus (ii) the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive if the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock were fully converted to common stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of common stock. 

Conversion Rights 

Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall be convertible,
at any time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the holder thereof, into that number of shares
of Common Stock determined by dividing the State Value of such share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price.
The Conversion Price for the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall equal 0.02, subject to Certain Adjustments, such as those in
connection with a Fundamental Transaction or Subsequent Rights Offering, among others. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

The
provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws could have the
effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company. These provisions, which are summarized
below, may have the effect of discouraging takeover bids. 

Delaware
Law 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following
the date on which the person became an interested stockholder unless: 

prior
 to the date of the transaction, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction
 which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

the
 interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced,
 excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested
 stockholder, (i) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) shares owned by employee stock; 

plans
 in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be
 tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

at
 or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and
 authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 
 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally,
a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction or series of transactions together resulting in a
financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates,
owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15 or more of a corporation s
outstanding voting stock. We expect the existence of this provision to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our
board of directors does not approve in advance. We also anticipate that DGCL Section 203 may also discourage attempts that might result
in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. 

Our
Charter Documents 

Our
charter documents include provisions that may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or an unsolicited
acquisition proposal that a stockholder might consider favorable, including a proposal that might result in the payment of a premium
over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. Certain of these provisions are summarized in the following paragraphs. 

Effects
of authorized but unissued common stock. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock may be to enable
our board of directors to make more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our Company by means of a merger, tender
offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity of management. If, in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations,
the board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal was not in our best interest, such shares could be issued by the board
of directors without stockholder approval in one or more transactions that might prevent or render more difficult or costly the completion
of the takeover transaction by diluting the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder group, by putting
a substantial voting block in institutional or other hands that might undertake to support the position of the incumbent board of directors,
by effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude the takeover, or otherwise. 

Cumulative
Voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which
would allow holders of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors. 

Issuance
of Undesignated Preferred Stock . Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up
to 9,900,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time
by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render
more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is ClearTrust, LLC. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of subsidiaries of Progressive Care Inc. 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 State
 of Organization 
 
 Pharmco,
 LLC (doing business as Pharmcorx and Pharmcorx LTC) 
 
 Florida 
 
 Touchpoint
 RX, LLC (doing business as Pharmco Rx 1002, LLC) 
 
 Florida 
 
 Family
 Physicians RX, Inc. (doing business as PharmcoRx 1103 and Pharmcorx 1204) 
 
 Florida 
 
 ClearMetrX,
 Inc. 
 
 Florida 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
OF CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Charles M. Fernandez, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report
 on Form 10-K of Progressive Care Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including the registrant s consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

A) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Charles M. Fernandez 

Charles
 M. Fernandez 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Cecile Munnik, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report
 on Form 10-K of Progressive Care Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including the registrant s consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

A) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Cecile Munnik 

Cecile
 Munnik 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
OF CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Progressive Care Inc. Progressive Care on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles M. Fernandez,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Care Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Charles M. Fernandez 

Charles
 M. Fernandez 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

PROGRESSIVE
CARE INC. 

 CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Progressive Care Inc. Progressive Care on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Cecile Munnik, Chief
Financial Officer of Progressive Care Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Cecile Munnik 

Cecile
 Munnik 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 rxmd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 rxmd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 rxmd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 rxmd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

