<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1821146_0001213900-23-025428.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4796604</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>263416</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>943484</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>990665</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1285446</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1196915</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025428.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160215
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025428
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Better World Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001821146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				852448447
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39698
		FILM NUMBER:		23787419

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 18TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8055644610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 18TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025428.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_betterworld.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from 
 to _________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share BWACW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Redeemable Warrant BWACU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the shares of common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the
registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market
was . 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 21 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 23 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 23 

PART II 
 
 24 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 24 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations. 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk. 
 30 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 30 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure. 
 30 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 30 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
 Inspections. 
 31 

PART III 
 
 32 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 32 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 36 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 37 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence. 
 38 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 40 

PART IV 
 
 42 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 42 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 42 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined
below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of
forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, 
 continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There
can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to,
any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are
not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results
may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below), including the Heritage
 Business Combination (as defined below); 

the
 impact on the funds held in our trust account (as defined below), our capitalization and
 other impacts on us or our management team should we further extend the deadline for consummating
 our initial business combination, including the Heritage Business Combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

ASC 
 are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU 
 are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board
 of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors
 of the Company (as defined below); 

business
 combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

common
 stock are to the shares of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Company ,
 our Company we, or us , are to Better World Acquisition
 Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

Continental 
 are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant
 agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL 
 are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC
 System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian
 System; 

EarlyBirdCapital 
 are to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.; 

ESG 
 are to Environmental, Social and Governance; 

Exchange
 Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB 
 are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FINRA 
 are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

First
 Charter Extension are to the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate
 its initial business combination from May 17, 2022 to August 17, 2022, as approved by the
 stockholders of the Company on May 12, 2022; 

founder
 shares are to the shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement
 prior to the closing of our IPO (as defined below) (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares
 will not be public shares (as defined below)); 

GAAP 
 are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

Heritage 
 are to Heritage Distilling Holding Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Heritage
 Ancillary Documents are to the documents and agreements ancillary to the Heritage
 Business Combination Agreement (as defined below); 

Heritage
 Business Combination are to the proposed business combination among the parties to
 the Heritage Business Combination Agreement; 

iii 

Heritage
 Business Combination Agreement are to the business combination agreement entered into
 on December 9, 2022 by and among the Company, Pubco (as defined below), Heritage, the Merger
 Subs (as defined below), our sponsor, and the Holder Representative (as defined below), as
 amended from time to time; 

Heritage
 Closing are to the closing of the Heritage Transactions (as defined below); 

Heritage
 Merger are to the merger of Heritage Merger Sub (as defined below) with and into Heritage,
 with Heritage continuing as the surviving entity, under the terms and conditions set forth
 in the Heritage Business Combination Agreement; 

Heritage
 Merger Sub are to HD Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
 of Pubco (as defined below); 

Heritage
 Registration Statement are to the registration statement on Form S-4 initially filed
 by Pubco in connection with the Heritage Business Combination on February 14, 2023 (File
 No. 333-269754), as amended from time to time; 

Heritage
 Transactions are to the transactions contemplated by the Heritage Business Combination
 Agreement and the Heritage Ancillary Documents; 

Holder
 Representative are to Justin Stiefel, in the capacity as the representative for certain
 security holders of Heritage under the Heritage Business Combination Agreement; 

initial
 stockholders are to our stockholders prior to our IPO (excluding EarlyBirdCapital); 

Investment
 Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO 
 are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on November 17, 2020; 

IPO
 Registration Statement are to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the
 Company with the SEC on October 7, 2020 (File No. 333-249374), as amended, together with
 the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on SEC on November 12, 2020 (File
 No. 333-250051); 

JOBS
 Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Marcum 
 are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

Merger
 Subs are to Heritage Merger Sub together with SPAC Merger Sub (as defined below); 

Mergers 
 are to the SPAC Merger (as defined below) together with the Heritage Merger; 

Nasdaq 
 are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

Over-Allotment
 Option are to the option granted to our underwriters to purchase up to 1,650,000 additional
 units (as defined below); 

PCAOB 
 are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private
 placement are to the private placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously with
 the closing of our IPO; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
 in the private placement; 

iv 

Pubco 
 are to Heritage Distilling Group, Inc. (formerly known as HDH Newco, Inc.), a Delaware corporation
 and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; 

public
 shares are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether
 they are purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor (as defined
 below), officers and directors to the extent they purchase public shares, provided that their
 status as public stockholders will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
 warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether
 they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement
 warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and
 to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are
 sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors
 (or permitted transferees), in each case, following the consummation of our initial business
 combination; 

Report 
 are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

representative
 shares are to the shares issued to EarlyBirdCapital in a private placement prior to
 the closing of our IPO (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares are not public shares 

Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
 are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Second
 Charter Extension are to the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate
 its initial business combination from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023, as approved by
 the stockholders of the Company on August 15, 2022; 

Securities
 Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPAC
 Merger are to the merger of SPAC Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company
 continuing as the surviving entity, under the terms and conditions set forth in the Heritage
 Business Combination Agreement; 

SPAC
 Merger Sub are to BWA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Pubco; 

SPACs 
 are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor 
 are to BWA Holdings LLC, a company affiliated with our officers and directors; 

Sponsor
 Note are to the non-interest bearing unsecured promissory note in the principal amount
 of up to 4,323,720, originally issued by the Company to our sponsor on November 9, 2021
 and amended and restated on each of February 17, 2022, May 17, 2022, August 17, 2022 and
 December 31, 2022; 

Third
 Charter Extension are to the extension of the date by which the Company must consummate
 its initial business combination from February 17, 2023 to August 17, 2023, as approved by
 the stockholders of the Company on February 8, 2023; 

trust
 account are to the trust account in which certain funds from the net proceeds of the
 sale of the units in our IPO and the private placement warrants was placed following the
 closing of our IPO; and 

units 
 are to the units sold in our IPO, which consist of one public share and one public warrant. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a Delaware blank check
company incorporated on August 5, 2020, formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. Our efforts to identify
a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region although we are focused on target businesses
in the healthy living industries that benefit from strong ESG profiles in North America and Europe. 

Initial Public Offering 

On November 17, 2020, we
consummated our IPO of 11,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one redeemable warrant of the Company, with
each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a
price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 110,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 4,800,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
(3,975,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor and 825,000 to EarlyBirdCapital) at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement
warrant, generating gross proceeds of 4,800,000. 

In connection with the IPO,
the underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of our IPO prospectus to purchase up to 1,650,000 additional units to cover
over-allotments, if any. On November 19, 2020, the underwriters purchased an additional 1,618,600 units pursuant to the partial exercise
of the Over-Allotment Option, and cancelled the remainder of the Over-Allotment Option. The additional units were sold at an offering
price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate additional gross proceeds of 16,186,000 to us. In connection with the cancellation of
the remainder of the Over-Allotment Option, we cancelled an aggregate of 7,850 shares of common stock issued to the sponsor prior to
the IPO. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Over-Allotment Option, we completed the private sale of an additional 485,580 private
placement warrants to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital (402,121 private placement warrants to our sponsor and 83,459 to EarlyBirdCapital),
generating gross proceeds to us of 485,580. 

A total of 127,447,860,
comprised of 122,162,280 of the proceeds from the IPO and 5,285,580 of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants,
was initially deposited in a trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

We originally had up to 12
months from the closing of our IPO, or until November 17, 2021, to consummate an initial business combination. However, by resolution
of our board as requested by our sponsor, we extended the period of time to consummate a business combination two times, each by an additional
three months, for a total of up to 18 months, or until May 17, 2022. On May 12, 2022, our stockholders approved the First Charter
Extension, which extended the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from May 17, 2022 to August 17, 2022.
On August 15, 2022, our stockholders approved the Second Charter Extension, which extended the date by which we must consummate our initial
business combination from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023. On February 8, 2023, our stockholders approved the Third Charter Extension,
which extended the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from February 17, 2023 to August 17, 2023. For more
information regarding the extensions, see Effecting an Initial Business Combination below. 

It is the job of our sponsor
and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Rosemary L. Ripley, our Chief Executive
Officer, and Peter S.H. Grubstein, our Chief Financial Officer. We must complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023,
which is 33 months from the closing of our IPO. If our initial business combination is not consummated by August 17, 2023, then
our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

1 

However, we may further extend
the deadline by which we must consummate our initial business combination. Such an extension requires the approval from our public stockholders
to amend our charter, and who will be provided the opportunity to at that time to redeem all or a portion of their shares (which would
likely have a material adverse effect on the funds held in our trust account and may result in other adverse effects on us, such as our
ability to maintain our listing on Nasdaq). Our sponsor may also explore transactions under which it would sell its interest in us to
another management team. 

Heritage Business Combination 

Heritage Business Combination Agreement 

On December 9, 2022, the
Company announced the execution of the Heritage Business Combination Agreement with Heritage, Pubco, the Merger Subs, our sponsor, in
the capacity as the representative for the stockholders of the Company and Pubco (other than the former Heritage stockholders), and the
Holder Representative for a proposed business combination among the parties. Pursuant to the Heritage Business Combination Agreement,
Pubco changed its name to Heritage Distilling Group, Inc. and will serve as the parent company of each of the Company and Heritage following
the consummation of the Heritage Business Combination. 

Pursuant to the Heritage Business
Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, at the Effective Time (as defined in the Heritage Business
Combination Agreement), (i) SPAC Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity,
and, in connection therewith, (A) each share of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive, with respect to each share of the Company s common
stock that is not redeemed or converted in the redemption in connection with the closing of the Heritage Business Combination, one share
of common stock of Pubco Pubco Common Stock and one CVR (as defined below) (subject to the holders of founder shares and
representative shares waiving their right to receive CVRs for such shares pursuant to the CVR Funding and Waiver Letter (as defined below)),
and (B) Pubco will assume all of the outstanding warrants of the Company and each such warrant will become a warrant to purchase the same
number of shares of Pubco Common Stock at the same exercise price during the same exercise period and otherwise on the same terms as the
warrant being assumed; (ii) Heritage Merger Sub will merge with and into Heritage, with Heritage continuing as the surviving entity, and,
in connection therewith, (A) the shares of capital stock of Heritage issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will
be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Pubco Common Stock as set forth in the Heritage Business
Combination Agreement, (B) holders of certain Heritage unsecured convertible promissory notes will receive shares of Pubco Common Stock
separate from the Stockholder Merger Consideration (as defined in the Heritage Business Combination Agreement), (C) Pubco will assume
certain Heritage warrants (the Heritage Financing/Interim Warrants and each Heritage Financing/Interim Warrant will become
a warrant to purchase shares of Pubco Common Stock, with the number of shares and exercise price thereof equitably adjusted in accordance
with the Heritage Business Combination Agreement, (D) certain Heritage warrants (the Contributed Warrants will be contributed
to Pubco and exchanged for the right to receive such number of shares of Pubco Common Stock as such holder of a Contributed Warrant would
have received pursuant to the Heritage Business Combination Agreement if such Contributed Warrant had been exercised immediately prior
to the Effective Time for the number of shares of common stock of Heritage Heritage common stock set forth in that certain
Contribution Agreement, dated December 8, 2022, by and among Heritage and the warrant holders party thereto, (E) each award of restricted
stock units based on shares of Heritage common stock granted under the Heritage Distilling Company, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and
the Heritage Distilling Holding Company, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time, as amended in accordance with the Heritage Business Combination Agreement will be assumed by Pubco, with
the number of shares underlying such Restricted Stock Unit Award to be adjusted in accordance with the Heritage Business Combination Agreement
and the RSU Award Amendments, and (F) all other Company Convertible Securities (as defined in the Heritage Business Combination Agreement)
will be terminated; and (iii) as a result of the Mergers, the Company and Heritage each will become wholly owned subsidiaries of Pubco,
and Pubco will become a publicly traded company. 

The aggregate merger consideration
to be paid pursuant to the Heritage Business Combination Agreement to Heritage Securityholders will be an amount equal to 77,500,000,
subject to adjustments for Heritage s closing debt and certain transaction bonuses, if any (the Participant Consideration ).
The Stockholder Merger Consideration to be payable to the Heritage stockholders will be allocated among the Heritage stockholders pro
rata based on the number of shares of Heritage common stock owned by such Heritage stockholder. 

2 

Contingent Value Rights 

At the Heritage Closing,
each public stockholder that did not redeem their shares of our common stock in connection with the Heritage Transactions will receive
one contingent value right CVR in the SPAC Merger in addition to one share of Pubco Common Stock. At the Heritage Closing,
our Sponsor will place 1,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock (the Founder CVR Escrow Shares ), and certain Heritage security
holders will place 3,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock from the Participant Consideration (less the number of RSU CVR Shares (as defined
in the Heritage Business Combination Agreement) attributable to Restricted Stock Unit Awards that also will support the CVRs) (the Heritage
CVR Escrow Shares into escrow, for an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock to support the CVRs, pursuant to a
contingent value rights agreement (the CVR Agreement to be entered into prior to the Heritage Closing, by and among the
Holder Representative (on behalf of such Heritage security holders), Pubco, our sponsor and Continental, as rights agent. 

Upon the date that is 18
months from Heritage Closing (which date may be extended to 24 months following the Heritage Closing at the option of our sponsor), CVR
holders will be entitled to receive a number of escrowed shares (and earnings thereon other than ordinary dividends) designed to provide
the CVR holders with a simple annual rate of return of 10 on the redemption price for their common stock of the Company based on the
price of the Pubco Common Stock as of such 18- or 24-month anniversary and any amounts that they have received with respect to their
shares of Pubco Common Stock through such time, including if the stock price drops below the price in the Redemption, but solely to the
extent of the escrowed shares and earnings thereon other than ordinary dividends, and up to a maximum of the equivalent of two shares
of Pubco Common Stock for each CVR. The number of shares to be released to the CVR holders will be allocated from the Heritage security
holders and our sponsor s escrowed shares on a pro-rata basis, and any escrowed shares not released to CVR holders by the
end of the CVR term will be released to the contributing Heritage security holders and our sponsor on a pro-rata basis. 

Earnout 

Certain security holders
of Heritage, including holders of Restricted Stock Unit Awards (the Heritage Earnout Participants ), will have the contingent
right to receive to up to an aggregate of 3,000,000 additional shares of Pubco Common Stock (the Earnout Shares as contingent
consideration after the Heritage Closing based on Pubco s net revenue performance for the years 2023, 2024 and 2025 and stock price
performance during the three year period following the Heritage Closing (the Earnout Period ), as follows: 

(i) 
 an aggregate of 500,000
 Earnout Shares will be issued to the Heritage Earnout Participants in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial
 statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, equal to or in excess of 18,100,000 (the 2023 Net Revenue Earnout
 Milestone 

(ii) 
 an aggregate of 500,000
 Earnout Shares will be issued to the Heritage Earnout Participants in the event that the VWAP of the Pubco Common Stock equals or
 exceeds 12.50 per share for 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days during the Earnout Period (the First Price Earnout Milestone 

(iii) 
 an aggregate of 750,000
 Earnout Shares will be issued to the Heritage Earnout Participants in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial
 statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, equal to or in excess of 29,300,000 (the 2024 Net Revenue Earnout
 Milestone (provided that if the 2023 Net Revenue Earnout Milestone was not met and such Earnout Shares were not issued, an
 aggregate of 1,250,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to the Heritage Earnout Participants); 

(iv) 
 an aggregate of 750,000
 Earnout Shares will be issued to the Heritage Earnout Participants in the event that the VWAP of the Pubco Common Stock equals or
 exceeds 15.00 per share for 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days during the Earnout Period (the Second Price Earnout Milestone (provided that if the First Price Earnout Milestone was not met and such Earnout Shares were not issued, an aggregate of 1,250,000
 Earnout Shares will be issued to the Earnout Participants); and 

(v) 
 an aggregate of 500,000
 Earnout Shares will be issued to the Heritage Earnout Participants in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial
 statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, equal to or in excess of 46,500,000 (the 2025 Net Revenue Earnout
 Milestone (provided that if any prior Earnout Shares were not previously earned and issued, the Heritage Earnout Participants
 will be entitled to receive all unissued Earnout Shares). 

3 

In the event of a Change
of Control (as defined in the Heritage Business Combination Agreement) during the Earnout Period, the Heritage Earnout Participants will
be entitled to receive all Earnout Shares with respect to the Earnout Year in which such Change of Control is consummated plus all Earnout
Shares with respect to each Earnout Year subsequent to the Earnout Year in which the Change of Control was consummated. 

At the Heritage Closing,
our sponsor will also contribute 500,000 of its founder shares (the Sponsor Escrow Shares into an escrow account (the
 Sponsor Escrow Account ), which shares will be released as set forth below based on Pubco s achievement of the earnout
milestones set forth above (with any Sponsor Escrow Shares remaining in escrow at the end of the Earnout Period to be forfeited) (the
 Sponsor Earnout ): 

(i) 
 100,000 of the Sponsor
 Escrow Shares will vest, no longer be subject to forfeiture and be released from the Sponsor Escrow Account at such time (if any)
 that the Heritage Earnout Participants are issued any Earnout Shares based upon the achievement of the 2023 Net Revenue Earnout Milestone; 

(ii) 
 100,000 of the Sponsor
 Escrow Shares will vest, no longer be subject to forfeiture and be released from the Sponsor Escrow Account at such time (if any)
 that the Heritage Earnout Participants are issued any Earnout Shares based upon the achievement of the First Price Earnout Milestone; 

(iii) 
 150,000 of the Sponsor
 Escrow Shares will vest, no longer be subject to forfeiture and be released from the Sponsor Escrow Account at such time (if any)
 that the Heritage Earnout Participants are issued any Earnout Shares based upon the achievement of the 2024 Net Revenue Earnout Milestone; 

(iv) 
 150,000 of the Sponsor
 Escrow Shares will vest, no longer be subject to forfeiture and be released from the Sponsor Escrow Account at such time (if any)
 that the Heritage Earnout Participants are issued any Earnout Shares based upon the achievement of the Second Price Earnout Milestone;
 and 

(v) 
 in the event that fewer
 than all of the Sponsor Escrow Shares have been released from the Sponsor Escrow Account based upon the achievement of the foregoing
 events, then any such remaining Sponsor Escrow Shares in the Sponsor Escrow Account will vest, no longer be subject to forfeiture
 and be released from the Sponsor Escrow Account at such time (if any) that the Heritage Earnout Participants are issued any Earnout
 Shares based upon the achievement of the 2025 Net Revenue Milestone. 

In addition, all of the Sponsor
Escrow Shares will vest, no longer be subject to forfeiture and be released from the Sponsor Escrow Account to our sponsor upon the first
to occur of certain Triggering Events described in the Sponsor Earnout Letter. 

Heritage Ancillary Documents 

Lock-Up Agreements 

Simultaneously with the execution
and delivery of the Heritage Business Combination Agreement, directors, officers and certain significant security holders of Heritage
entered into a lock-up agreement with Pubco, the Company, and Heritage (the Lock-Up Agreements ). The Heritage Business
Combination Agreement includes a closing condition requiring certain additional significant security holders of Heritage to enter into
Lock-Up Agreements prior to the Heritage Closing. Pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreements, the Heritage security holders agreed not to, during
the period commencing from the Heritage Closing and ending on the 12-month anniversary of the Heritage Closing (subject to early release
if Pubco consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party): (i) lend,
offer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, donate, assign, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option
or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any
restricted securities, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of such restricted securities, or (iii) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing, whether
any such transaction described in clauses (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of the restricted securities or other securities,
in cash or otherwise (in each case, subject to certain limited permitted transfers, provided that the transferred shares will continue
to be subject to the Lock-Up Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 50 of the restricted securities will be released in the event
that the closing price of Pubco Common Stock on Nasdaq (or other principal stock exchange or quotation service on which such shares then
trade) equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. 

4 

Voting Agreements 

Simultaneously with the execution
and delivery of the Heritage Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Heritage entered into voting agreements (collectively, the
 Voting Agreements with directors, officers and certain Heritage significant security holders required to approve the Heritage
Transactions. Under the Voting Agreements, each such Heritage security holder party thereto agreed, among other matters, to vote all
of such Heritage security holder s shares of Heritage in favor of the Heritage Business Combination Agreement and the Heritage
Transactions, and to otherwise take (or not take, as applicable) certain other actions in support of the Heritage Business Combination
Agreement and the Heritage Transactions and the other matters to be submitted to the Heritage security holders for approval in connection
with the Heritage Transactions, in the manner and subject to the conditions set forth in the Voting Agreements, and provide a proxy to
Heritage to vote such shares accordingly in the event that such security holder fails to perform or otherwise comply with the covenants,
agreements or other obligations set forth in the Voting Agreement. The Voting Agreements prevent transfers of the Heritage shares held
by such Heritage security holder party thereto between the date of the Voting Agreement and the date of the Heritage Closing, except
for certain permitted transfers where the recipient also agrees to comply with the terms of the Voting Agreement. 

Non-Competition Agreements 

Simultaneously with the execution
and delivery of the Heritage Business Combination Agreement, directors, officers and certain significant Heritage security holders entered
into non-competition and non-solicitation agreements (the Non-Competition Agreements in favor of Heritage, the Company
and Pubco and their direct and indirect subsidiaries and their respective present and future successors and direct and indirect subsidiaries Covered Parties ), to be effective as of the Heritage Closing. Under the Non-Competition Agreements, the signatory thereto
agrees not to compete with the Covered Parties during the two-year period following the Heritage Closing and, during such two-year restricted
period, not to solicit employees or customers of such entities. The Non-Competition Agreements also contain customary confidentiality
and non-disparagement provisions. 

Heritage Registration Rights Agreement 

At or prior to the Heritage
Closing, certain Heritage security holders will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Heritage Registration Rights Agreement with Pubco and the Company, pursuant to which, among other matters, Pubco will agree to undertake certain registration obligations in
accordance with the Securities Act and such security holders will be granted customary demand and piggyback registration rights. 

Founder Registration Rights Agreement Amendment 

At or prior to the Heritage
Closing, Pubco, the Company and our sponsor will enter into an amendment to the registration rights agreement (the Founder Registration
Rights Agreement Amendment entered into by the Company and our sponsor at the time of the IPO (the Founder Registration
Rights Agreement ). Under the Founder Registration Rights Agreement Amendment, the Founder Registration Rights Agreement will be
amended to, among other things, add Pubco as a party and to reflect the issuance of Pubco Common Stock and warrants pursuant to the Heritage
Business Combination Agreement, and to reconcile with the provisions of the Heritage Registration Rights Agreement, including making
the registration rights of the Heritage security holders and our sponsor pari passu with respect to any underwriting cutbacks. 

5 

CVR Agreement 

The public stockholders who
do not redeem their shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the Heritage Transactions will receive one CVR in the
Heritage Business Combination in addition to one share of Pubco Common Stock. At the Heritage Closing, our sponsor will place the 1,000,000
Founder CVR Escrow Shares and certain Heritage security holders will place 3,000,000 Heritage CVR Escrow Shares (less the number of RSU
CVR Shares attributable to Restricted Stock Unit Awards that also will support the CVRs) into escrow, for an aggregate of up to 4,000,000
shares of Pubco Common Stock to support the CVR, pursuant to the CVR Agreement. Upon the date that is 18 months from Heritage Closing
(which date may be extended to 24 months following the Heritage Closing at the option of our sponsor), CVR holders will be entitled to
receive a number of escrowed shares (and earnings thereon other than ordinary dividends) designed to provide the CVR holders with a simple
annual rate of return of 10 on the redemption price for their common stock of the Company based on the price of the Pubco Common Stock
as of such 18- or 24-month anniversary and any amounts that they have received with respect to their shares of Pubco Common Stock through
such time, including if the stock price drops below the price in the Redemption, but solely to the extent of the escrowed shares and
earnings thereon other than ordinary dividends, and up to a maximum of the equivalent of two shares of Pubco Common Stock for each CVR.
The number of shares to be released to the CVR holders will be allocated from the Heritage security holders and our sponsor s
escrowed shares on a pro-rata basis, and any escrowed shares not released to CVR holders by the end of the CVR term will be released
to the contributing Heritage security holders and our sponsor on a pro-rata basis. 

CVR Funding and Waiver Letter 

Simultaneously with the execution
and delivery of the Heritage Business Combination Agreement, our sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital, the Company, Heritage and Pubco entered into
a letter agreement (the CVR Funding and Waiver Letter ), pursuant to which (i) our sponsor agreed at the Heritage Closing
to deposit into escrow an aggregate of 1,000,000 Founder CVR Escrow Shares, with such Founder CVR Escrow Shares (together with the Heritage
CVR Escrow Shares) to be held in escrow in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Heritage Business Combination Agreement and
the CVR Escrow Agreement and the CVR Agreement, and (ii) our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed to waive any rights to receive
any CVRs for or with respect to their founder shares and representative shares. 

Sponsor Earnout Letter 

At the Heritage Closing,
our sponsor will contribute the 500,000 Sponsor Escrow Shares into the Sponsor Escrow Account. All of the Sponsor Escrow Shares will
vest, no longer be subject to forfeiture and be released from the Sponsor Escrow Account to our sponsor upon the first to occur of certain
 Triggering Events described in the sponsor earnout letter agreement to be entered into by and among the Company, Pubco,
Heritage and our sponsor prior to the Heritage Closing (the Sponsor Earnout Letter ). 

Other than as specifically
discussed, this Report does not assume the closing of the Heritage Business Combination. For more information about the Heritage Business
Combination, see the Heritage Registration Statement and the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December
15, 2022. 

Our Company 

We believe our management
team, together with N GEN, an affiliate of our sponsor, are well suited to identify businesses that benefit from strong ESG profiles
and have the potential to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders. 

We are seeking to identify
and acquire a business that could benefit from a strategically experienced owner with extensive investment experience in the healthy
consumer and smart cities sectors, and that presents potential for an attractive risk-adjusted return profile. The global wellness
economy was a 4.4 trillion market in 2020, growing at a compound annual rate of 9.9 through 2025. Personal care, beauty and food products
accounted for approximately 1.9 trillion of that total. Globally, organic foods and beverages are expected to grow at a compound annual
growth rate of over 14.7 from 2020 to 2027, reaching nearly 500 billion by 2027. Consumers are seeking healthier, cleaner, more
sustainable products and ingredients in the U.S. and globally. According to a study by NYU Stern and IRI, products marketed as sustainable
drove over 50 of packaged goods market growth across all channels and categories from 2013-2018, despite representing only a 16.6 market
share. This growth was over 5.6 times faster than conventional products and accounted for 114 billion in sales in 2018. 

6 

In part due to the impacts
of Covid-19, U.S. organic food sales grew 13 to a record high in 2020. Due to the pandemic, changes to how people live, eat, and consume
that were already underway accelerated dramatically. Incumbent businesses are reacting to address shifts in consumer tastes and the changing
landscape. Many of these shifts will continue to change the ways we live and work, reflecting an acceleration of trends in which members
of our management team have been investing for over 10 years. 

A smarter city makes the
lives of its inhabitants safer, more convenient, and more comfortable. According to the 2010 Census, U.S. cities are home to nearly 63 
of the population but comprise under 4 of the total land area of the United States. While this density can lead to the cherished
dynamism of urban areas, it also creates a myriad of issues like pollution, traffic, disease, and food energy insecurity.
Adoption of green technologies is addressing these problems and forging the city of the future. According to Grand View Research, the
global Smart City market reached almost 1.1 trillion in 2021 and is forecasted to grow at a compound annual rate of 24.2 from 2022
to 2030. 

Importantly, economics and
cost are propelling the diffusion of these new Smart City technologies. According to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory NREL ),
costs of utility scale lithium-ion battery storage systems fell 72 from 2015 to 2019 with an additional 42 cost reduction through
2030. Solar energy costs fell 89 from 2009 to 2019, leading to a total installed capacity of 760 gigawatts as of 2020. This is enough
to power over 120 million homes. 

Our sponsor, BWA Holdings
LLC, is an entity owned by members of our management and is affiliated with N GEN. Rosemary L. Ripley, our CEO, and Peter S.H. Grubstein,
our CFO, have worked together at N GEN since 2007. Shay Murphy joined N GEN in 2015. Founded in 2001, N GEN has raised over 500 million
in a number of venture capital investment vehicles that it currently manages. Ms. Ripley and Mr. Grubstein are both Managing
Members of N GEN. Ms. Ripley brings years of private equity, strategy and M A experience in the consumer products industry.
Mr. Grubstein has deep operating and investing experience in the manufacturing and distribution businesses and in the sustainability
sectors. Both individuals are experienced operating and investment professionals, under whose leadership N GEN has distinguished itself
by being a market innovator and leader in ESG and impact investing and making numerous direct investments in healthier consumer sectors,
energy efficiency, urban farming and smart cities, and is known in the industry both for its track record of selecting companies utilizing
proprietary research and the value that it adds to its portfolio companies in scaling their growth. As a result, N GEN has developed
deep industry relationships across its sectors. 

We believe the reputation
and expertise of our management team in the healthy living industry make us a desirable partner for potential business combination targets.
The breadth and depth of our investing experience have afforded us with insight on potential candidates in multiple sectors within the
healthy living sector. 

As growth equity investors,
we seek to back world class entrepreneurs and invest in innovative B2B and B2C companies offering differentiated, healthier, and
more efficient solutions. We are looking for innovation-driven, growth companies that capitalize on next generation consumer behavior
and challenges that we believe will ultimately become the innovation engines of their industries, including those in the next generation
consumer, health and wellness, and enabling technologies sectors. 

We are especially focusing
on sectors being transformed by massive change, which we believe creates enormous opportunities for younger companies to capture market
share by utilizing new business models, routes to market and cleaner ingredients. Specifically, the acquisition opportunities we are
pursuing include companies in the healthy consumer and smart cities sectors that are working to develop new and creative services and
solutions for the next generation consumer. Our management team seeks to collaborate with experienced entrepreneurs and invest in high
growth companies to create a healthier, smarter, and cleaner future. 

7 

Historically, N GEN has sourced
its transactions using proprietary research and targeted sectors growing faster than the overall economy. N GEN focuses on differentiated
businesses that demonstrate strong, sustainable profitable growth. N GEN has honed its investment process over the years and leveraged
its extensive network of contacts including advisors, senior professionals in select industries, private equity principals, investment
bankers, other financial sponsors and owners of private businesses. 

Covid-19 has further
accelerated changes in how people live and interact with the world, leading people to seek healthier, more connected, and more sustainable
lifestyles. We expect our business combination target to be able to take advantage of the current trends toward increased spending on
health and wellness as well as smarter homes and work environments. On the commercial side, security, mobility and greater municipal
autonomy are fueling growth in local food supply systems, health, infrastructure, communications, and energy security/efficiency programs. 

Business Strategy 

Our acquisition and value
creation strategy is to identify, acquire and build a company in the healthy living/ESG sector that complements the experience of our
management team, benefiting from our strategic and operational expertise. After the initial business combination, we may pursue additional
acquisitions with a focus on generating attractive risk adjusted returns for our stockholders. We seek to leverage our management team s
network of potential proprietary and public transaction sources where we believe a combination of our relationships, knowledge and experience
could effect a positive transformation or augmentation of existing businesses to improve their overall value. 

We utilize a research-driven process
to generate significant deal flow that we believe is enhanced by the network and industry experience of our management team. 

Over the course of their
careers, the members of our management team and their affiliates have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships
that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. This network has been developed through our management team s: 

extensive experience in
 both investing in and operating across our targeted sectors; 

experience in sourcing,
 structuring, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses; and 

experience in executing
 transactions in the sectors under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

We expect these networks
will continue to provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities, and supplement our internally derived deal
flow. In addition, target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, which may include investment
market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with this strategy,
we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses.
We have used and will continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, including the Heritage Business
Combination, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all
of these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire companies that we believe: 

have market and/or cost
 leadership positions in their respective sectors and would benefit from our networks and insights; 

provide innovative products
 or services, with the potential for revenue, market share and/or distribution improvements; 

8 

are fundamentally sound
 companies that offer compelling growth and value; 

offer the opportunity for
 our management team to partner with established management teams or business owners to achieve long-term strategic and operational
 excellence; 

exhibit unrecognized value
 or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital, and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy that
 offers superior risk/reward potential based on our analysis and due diligence review; and 

will offer an attractive
 risk-adjusted return for our stockholders. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, such as Heritage, we conduct thorough due diligence that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available
to us. We utilize our operational and capital allocation experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. While Heritage is not an affiliate of our sponsor, officers,
or directors, in the event we do not consummate the Heritage Business Combination and seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management
team and our independent directors indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the
future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will
be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our
initial business combination. 

Initial Business Combination 

Our initial business combination
must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in
the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the
time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or
another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

9 

Corporate Information 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year
(a) following November 17, 2025, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by nonaffiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Competitive Strengths 

Alternative Path to Becoming Public 

We believe our structure
as a public company makes us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses, such as Heritage, that desire
to become a publicly listed company. A merger with us will offer a target business an alternative process to a public listing rather
than the traditional initial public offering process. We believe that target businesses may favor this alternative, which we believe
is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial public offering. Furthermore, once a proposed
business combination, such as the Heritage Business Combination, is approved by our stockholders and the transaction is consummated,
the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we
believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A public company can offer further benefits by augmenting
a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management. With public company corporate
governance standards, a target business may become attractive to the public investors. 

Strong and Stable Financial Position with
Flexibility. 

With funds in the trust account
of approximately 31.8 million following the Third Charter Extension, which is available to use for an initial business combination assuming
no redemptions (in connection with stockholder votes on either, or both, of the proposal to approve our initial business combination
or a proposal to amend our charter to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination), we can offer a target
business, such as Heritage, a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and
a public means to sell such shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance
sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities,
or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. See Heritage Business Combination above for more information
regarding the consideration in the Heritage Business Combination. 

Effecting an Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business until we consummate our initial business combination. We will utilize
cash derived from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of
these in effecting an initial business combination. An initial business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a
company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while
avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant
expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate
an initial business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While
we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a
result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

10 

We originally had up to 12 months
from the closing of our IPO, or until November 17, 2021, to consummate an initial business combination. However, by resolution of our
board as requested by our sponsor, we extended the period of time to consummate an initial business combination two times, each by an
additional three months, for a total of up to 18 months, or until May 17, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental, in order for the time available for us
to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor deposited into the trust account 1,261,860 (or 0.10 per
unit, for an aggregate of 2,523,720), for each three month extension. 

On November 9, 2021, our
board of directors approved the extension of the date by which we have to consummate an initial business combination from November 17,
2021 to February 17, 2022. In connection with the extension, our sponsor deposited into the trust account 0.10 for each of the 12,618,600
shares issued in the IPO, for a total of 1,261,860. We issued to our sponsor the Sponsor Note in the principal amount of 1,261,860.
On February 17, 2022, our sponsor deposited an additional 1,261,860 (representing 0.10 per public share) into our trust account. This
second deposit allowed us to extend the date by which we have to complete our initial business combination from February 17, 2022 to
May 17, 2022. In connection with the deposit, we amended and restated the Sponsor Note to increase the principal amount from 1,262,860
to 2,523,720. 

On May 12, 2022, we held
a special meeting of stockholders at which our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from May 17, 2022 to August 17, 2022. In connection with
the First Charter Extension, on May 17, 2022, we amended and restated the Sponsor Note in its entirety to increase the principal amount
thereunder from 2,523,720 to 3,223,720. At the time of the First Charter Extension, we also deposited an additional 500,000 borrowed
under the Sponsor Note into the trust account. 

On August 15, 2022, we held
a special meeting of stockholders at which our stockholders approved a second amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
as amended, to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023.
In connection with the Second Charter Extension, on August 17, 2022, we amended and restated the Sponsor Note in its entirety to increase
the principal amount thereunder from 3,223,720 to 3,683,720. At the time of the Second Charter Extension, we deposited an additional
 360,000 borrowed under the Sponsor Note into the trust account. Commencing on November 17, 2022, we also deposited an additional 120,000
borrowed under the Sponsor Note for each of the three remaining calendar months of the Second Charter Extension. 

On December 31, 2022, we
amended and restated the Sponsor Note in its entirety to increase the principal amount thereunder from 3,683,720 to 4,323,720. The
Sponsor Note is payable by us upon the earlier of the consummation of the initial business combination or our liquidation on or before
February 17, 2023. Up to 1,500,000 of loans under the Sponsor Note may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of
 1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of our sponsor. 

On February 8, 2023, we held
a special meeting of stockholders at which our stockholders approved a third amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
as amended, to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from February 17, 2023 to August 17, 2023.
At the time of the Third Charter Extension, we deposited 120,000 borrowed under the Additional Extension Note into the trust account.
For each additional month of Third Charter Extension needed to consummate an initial business combination, 120,000 borrowed under the
Additional Extension Note will be deposited into the trust account. The Additional Extension Note is payable by us upon the earlier of
the consummation of the initial business combination or our liquidation on or before August 17, 2023. 

For more information regarding
the Heritage Business Combination, please see Heritage Business Combination above. 

11 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Our principal means of identifying
potential target businesses is through the extensive contacts and relationships of our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors.
While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on
potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their
access to our sponsor s contacts and resources have generated, and will continue to generate, a number of potential business combination
opportunities that will warrant further investigation. Target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and
other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result
of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested
in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. 

Our officers and directors
must present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
obligations. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which
event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based
on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their respective
affiliates be paid any compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the payment
of consulting, success or finder fees in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and reimbursement of any
out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee reviews and approves all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers,
directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

While Heritage is not an
affiliate of our sponsor, officers, or directors, in the event we do not consummate the Heritage Business Combination and seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we have no present intention
to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However,
we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of
our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial
point of view. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of an Initial Business Combination 

Subject to our management
team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least
80 of the balance in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination,
as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management will have virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes
or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may
consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and
 results of operation; 

growth potential; 

brand recognition and potential; 

experience and skill of
 management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

12 

stage of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact of regulation on the business; 

regulatory environment of the industry; 

costs associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on
the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with
our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, including Heritage, we conduct an extensive due diligence review
which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial
and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated
third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

The time and costs required
to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the initial business combination cannot presently be ascertained
with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with
which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise
complete an initial business combination. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Nasdaq listing rules require
that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance
of the funds in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust
account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We currently anticipate structuring
a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or a newly formed subsidiary or where we acquire less
than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders
or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or
more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not
to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a
minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. 

13 

The fair market value of the
target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such
as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used
by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target
business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine that the target
business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required
to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that
the target business complies with the 80 threshold. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

We may seek to effect an initial
business combination with more than one target business, although we expect to complete our business combination with just one business.
Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business
operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple
industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating an initial business combination with only a single entity,
our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business 
Management 

Although we closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business, including the management of Heritage, when evaluating the desirability of effecting a
business combination with that business and plan to continue to do so if the Heritage Business Combination is not consummated and we seek
other initial business combination opportunities, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business management will
prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities
to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following an initial
business combination cannot presently be stated with certainty. While it is possible that some of our officers or directors will remain
associated with us in some capacity following an initial business combination, including the Heritage Business Combination in which our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rosemary L. Ripley is expected to serve as a director of the post-combination company, it is unlikely
that they will devote their full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to an initial business combination. Moreover, they would only
be able to remain with us after the consummation of an initial business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
initial business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
services they would render to us after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our
key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with us after the
consummation of an initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed
with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience
or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

14 

Following an initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
an Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any proposed
initial business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called
for such purpose (as is the case in the Heritage Business Combination) at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) if the Heritage Business Combination is not consummated,
provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a
stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes
payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a
proposed initial business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely
in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured
so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that
case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about
the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether we seek stockholder approval or engage in a
tender offer, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately
prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares
of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We have no specified maximum percentage threshold for conversions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and even those public stockholders who vote in favor of our initial business
combination have the right to convert their public shares. As a result, this may make it easier for us to consummate our initial business
combination. 

We chose our net tangible
asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However,
if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition
or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination,
we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation and this may force us to seek
third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such
initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public
stockholders may therefore have to wait up to 33 months, or until August 17, 2023, from the closing of our IPO in order to be able
to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. We may further extend the deadline by which we must consummate our initial business
combination. Such an extension requires the approval of our public stockholders to amend our charter, and who will be provided the opportunity
to at that time to redeem all or a portion of their shares (which would likely to have a material adverse effect on the funds held in
our trust account and may result in other adverse effects on us, such as our ability to maintain our listing on Nasdaq). 

Our sponsor, initial stockholders,
officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business
combination, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business
combination and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

15 

None of our officers, directors,
sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock in our IPO or
from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed initial business combination
and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed initial business combination or
that they wish to convert their shares, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates could make such purchases
in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of conversions. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial stockholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock
if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential
manipulation of a company s stock. 

Conversion Rights 

At any meeting called to approve
an initial business combination, including the Heritage Business Combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less
any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of
our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our sponsor, initial stockholders
and our officers and directors do not have conversion rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly,
whether acquired prior to our IPO or purchased by them in our IPO or in the aftermarket. Additionally, the holders of the representative
shares do not have conversion rights with respect to the representative shares. 

We may require public stockholders,
whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our
transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using DWAC System, at the holder s option,
in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the initial business combination. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The
transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this
cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion
rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must
be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights prior to the consummation of the proposed
business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

Any proxy solicitation materials
we furnish to stockholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders
to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received
our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to
seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery
process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in street name, 
in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through the DWAC System,
we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. 

Any request to convert such
shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed initial business combination or the expiration of the tender
offer. Furthermore, if a holder of public shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently
decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). 

16 

If the initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be
entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares
delivered by public holders. 

If the Heritage Business Combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target by August 17, 2023. 

Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended, provides that we have only up to 33 months from the closing of our IPO, or until August 17, 2023, to complete
an initial business combination. If we have not completed the Heritage Business Combination or another initial business combination by
such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes
payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Our sponsor, initial stockholders,
officers and directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that
would affect our public stockholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as
described herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete a business
combination within up to 33 months from the closing of our IPO, or until August 17, 2023, unless we provide our public stockholders with
the opportunity to convert their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right will apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether
proposed by our sponsor, initial stockholders, executive officers, directors or any other person. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our outstanding public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation
distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended
to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims
can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect
to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. It is our intention
to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 33-month period from the closing of our IPO, or by August 17,
2023, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any
claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the
third anniversary of such date. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event we do
not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware
law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of
a liquidation distribution. 

17 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280 of the DGCL, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time
that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers,
etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We are required to seek to
have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after our IPO) and any prospective target businesses enter into
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account.
As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in
any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have
a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, Marcum and
the underwriters of our IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Furthermore,
there is no guarantee that other vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. Nor is there
any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our sponsor has
agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below 10.10 per share by the claims of
target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products
sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. We have
not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore,
we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally,
the agreement our sponsor entered into specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability
(1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims
for indemnification by the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result,
if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than 10.10 due to claims or potential claims of
creditors. 

We anticipate notifying the
trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after the 33-month period from the closing of our IPO and anticipate
it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founder shares have waived their rights
to participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares. There will be no distribution from
the trust account with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from
our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has contractually agreed to advance us
the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 15,000) and has contractually
agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend
all of the net proceeds of our IPO, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, as of the Third Charter Extension the per-share redemption
price would be approximately 10.60. As discussed above, the proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to claims of
our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete an initial business combination within
the required time period, if the stockholders seek to have us convert or purchase their respective shares upon an initial business combination
that is actually completed by us or upon certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to consummating
an initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust
account. 

If we are forced to file
a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties
with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you
we will be able to return to our public stockholders at least 10.60 per share. 

18 

If we are forced to file a
bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders
could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because
we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after August 17, 2023, or 33 months
from the closing of our IPO, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors
with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our IPO that will apply to us until the consummation of our
initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our stockholders. If we seek to
amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect our public stockholders ability
to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with an initial business combination as described herein or affect the substance or
timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 33 months from the closing
of our IPO, or by August 17, 2023, we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares
in connection with any such vote. This conversion right will apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed
by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
to waive any conversion rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among
other things, that: 

we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within the required time period, then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; 

we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the common stock sold in our IPO on an initial business combination. 

19 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or
through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target
businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses
may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The following also may not
be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to convert or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; and 

our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. 

Any of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Our management believes, however, that our
status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over
privately held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on
favorable terms. 

If we succeed in effecting
an initial business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot
assure you that, subsequent to an initial business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We have three executive officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and devote only as much time as they deem necessary
to our affairs. The amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the business combination process we are
in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire has been located, such as Heritage, management may spend more time investigating
such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had
been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they
reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of an
initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

Our units, common stock and
warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report contains financial statements audited
and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with or reconciled to GAAP or international financial reporting standards as promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary
financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

20 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We
 are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable
 business target; 

We
 may not be able to complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame;

Our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business, such as Heritage, may
 not be realized; 

We
 may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors
 following our initial business combination; 

Our
 officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and
 other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination; 

We
 may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination
 or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

We
 may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at
 a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

You
 may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the
 initial business combination; 

Trust
 account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

An
 active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity
 and trading; 

The
 availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient
 to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

Our
 financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected
 by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

There
 may be significant competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination,
 which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination; 

Changes
 in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult
 and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

We
 may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide
 additional services to us after the IPO, which may include acting as a financial advisor
 in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with
 a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting
 commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial
 business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts
 of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the IPO, including, for
 example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

21 

We
 may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which
 little information is available, such as Heritage, which may result in a business combination
 with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

Our
 warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon
 issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse
 effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate
 an initial business combination; 

Since
 our sponsor, officers, directors and initial stockholders will lose their entire investment
 in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any
 public shares they may acquire during or after the IPO), and because our sponsor, officers
 and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders
 would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise
 in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial
 business combination; 

Changes
 in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure
 to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our
 ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations;

The
 value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely
 to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price
 of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.60 per share; 

Resources
 could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially
 adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
 If we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 2023, our public
 stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in
 certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
 worthless; 

In
 March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain
 of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine
 to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
 to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which
 we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals
 may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier
 time than we might otherwise choose; 

If
 we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we
 would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would
 be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify
 our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts
 to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

To
 mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the
 Investment Company Act, in November 2022 we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments
 held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash items
 until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation.
 As a result, we expect to receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account than
 if we continued to hold the funds in securities, which will likely reduce the dollar amount
 our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

We
 may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target
 companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval
 by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including
 the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

Recent
 increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it
 more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

Military
 conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded
 securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination;

A
 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares
 in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders
 would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; 

22 

There
 is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 

We
 have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal
 control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
 in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and
 adversely affect our business and operating results; and 

We
 may seek to further extend the deadline by which we must consummate our initial business
 combination, such as the Heritage Business Combination. Such an extension requires the approval
 of our public stockholders, who will be provided the opportunity to at that time, to redeem
 all or a portion their shares (which would likely have a material adverse effect on the amount
 held in our trust account and other adverse effects on our company, such as our ability to
 maintain our listing on Nasdaq). Our sponsor may also explore transactions under which it
 would sell its interest in our company to another management team. 

For risks relating to Heritage
and the Heritage Business Combination, please see the Heritage Registration Statement. 

Adverse developments
affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial
institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating
account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing
accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any
events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced
that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have
any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns
regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest
rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby
making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or
at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our
prospects. 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in (i) the IPO Registration Statement, (ii) Amendment
No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021, (iii) our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on May
13, 2022, August 3, 2022 and November 14, 2022, respectively, and (iv) our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC
on January 17, 2023. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We
may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 775 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10021, and our telephone number is (212) 450-9700. The cost for our use of this
space is included in the 10,000 per month we pay to NGEN MGT II, LLC, an affiliate of our executive officers, for office space,
utilities and secretarial support. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our
executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols BWACU, BWAC and BWACW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 13, 2020, and our public shares and public warrants commenced public trading
separately on December 28, 2020. 

(b) Holders 

On March 31, 2023, there were
two holders of record of our units, twenty-one holders of record of shares of our common stock and three holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to
our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public
Offering 

For a description of the use
of proceeds generated in our IPO and the private placement, see Part II, Item 5 of Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO and private placement
as described in the IPO Registration Statement. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

24 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report, including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 5, 2020 for the purpose of entering into an initial business combination with
one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and
the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination
will be successful. 

Heritage Business Combination 

On December 9, 2022, the Company
entered into the Heritage Business Combination Agreement with Heritage, Pubco, the Merger Subs, our sponsor and the Holder Representative,
pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, at the Heritage Closing (i) SPAC Merger Sub will merge with
and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity, (ii) Heritage Merger Sub will merge with and into Heritage,
with Heritage continuing as the surviving entity; and (iii) as a result of the Mergers, the Company and Heritage each will become wholly
owned subsidiaries of Pubco, and Pubco will become a publicly traded company. 

The aggregate merger consideration
to be paid pursuant to the Heritage Business Combination Agreement to Heritage Securityholders will be an amount equal to 77,500,000,
subject to adjustments for Heritage s closing debt and certain transaction bonuses, if any. 

The Heritage Transactions
will be consummated subject to the deliverables and provisions as further described in the Heritage Business Combination Agreement. For
more information on the Heritage Business Combination Agreement, please see Item 1. Business. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from August 5, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our IPO, described below, and identifying a target company for an initial business
combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence and transaction
expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 3,250,075,
which consists of the change in fair value of warrant liability of 2,112,646, change in fair value of convertible promissory note 
related party of 2,772,360, and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 676,877, offset by provision
for income taxes of 73,932 and operational costs related to potential business combinations of 2,237,876. 

25 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had net income of 2,100,223 which consists of the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 3,912,915, change in fair
value of convertible promissory note related party of 303,460 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust
account of 64,088, and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account of 1,371, offset by operational costs related
to potential business combinations that were pursued of 2,181,611. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On November 17, 2020, we consummated
our IPO of 11,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 110,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO,
we consummated the sale of 4,800,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant in the private placement
to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, generating gross proceeds of 4,800,000. 

On November 19, 2020, in connection
with the underwriters partial exercise of their Over-Allotment Option, we consummated the sale of an additional 1,618,600 units
at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 16,186,000. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an additional
485,580 private placement warrants at 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total gross proceeds of 485,580. 

Following our IPO, the partial
exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, and the sale of the private placement warrants, 111,100,000 was placed in the trust account on
November 18, 2020 and 16,347,860 was placed in the trust account on November 20, 2020, respectively, for a total of 127,447,860. We
incurred 2,880,354 in IPO-related costs, including 2,523,720 of underwriting fees and 356,634 of other costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities
was 1,334,539. Net income of 3,250,075 was affected by the change in fair value of warrant liability of 2,112,646, change in fair value
of convertible promissory note related party of 2,772,360 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account
of 676,877. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 977,269 of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 744,981. Net income of 2,100,223 was affected by the change in fair value of warrant
liabilities of 3,912,915, change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party of 303,460, interest earned on marketable
securities held in the trust account of 64,088, and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our trust account of 1,371.
Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,436,630 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
trust account had 44,696,624 (including approximately 398,454 of accrued interest income). Interest income on the balance in the trust
account may be used by us to pay taxes. In connection with the extension on May 12, 2022, stockholders holding 5,586,910 shares of the
Company s redeemable common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account
at a redemption price of approximately 10.30 per share. In connection with the extension on August 15, 2022, stockholders holding 2,818,237
shares of the Company s redeemable common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds
in the trust account at a redemption price of approximately 10.37 per share. In connection with the special meeting of stockholders to
approve an extension on February 8, 2023, stockholders holding 1,213,453 shares of the Company s redeemable common stock exercised
their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account at a redemption price of approximately 10.60
per share. Through December 31, 2022, we have withdrawn 358,711 of interest earned on the trust account to pay our taxes. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto upon consummation of
our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect an initial
business combination, the remaining funds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways, including continuing or expanding the target business 
operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also
be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees that we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination
if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

26 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 2,369 held outside the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account for closing the Heritage
Business Combination, identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the initial business combination. 

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants. On November 9, 2021, we issued the Sponsor Note in the principal amount of 1,261,860
to our sponsor in connection with an extension of the date by which we have to consummate an initial business combination. On February
17, 2022, May 17, 2022, August 17, 2022, and December 31, 2022, we amended and restated the Sponsor Note to increase the principal amount
thereunder from 1,261,860 to 4,323,720. The Sponsor Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the
date on which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before August 17, 2023 or such
later liquidation date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders. At the election of our sponsor, up to 1,500,000 of the
unpaid principal amount of the Sponsor Note may be converted into warrants of the Company, each warrant exercisable for one share of common
stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination, equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Sponsor Note
being converted, divided by (y) 1.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. 

We expect that we will need
to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties.
Our officers, directors and sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount
they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional
financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could
include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until August 17, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain
that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date and
an extension has not been requested by our sponsor and approved by our stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation and potential subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts
of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after August 17, 2023. We intend to complete a business combination before
the mandatory liquidation date. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

27 

Contractual Obligations 

We have agreed, commencing
on November 12, 2020 through the earlier of our consummation of an initial business combination and our liquidation, to pay an affiliate
of our management a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company incurred and accrued 120,000 in fees for these services and those fees are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses
in the accompanying balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 120,000 in fees for these services, of
which 20,000 is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

We granted the underwriters
a 45-day option from the date of our IPO to purchase up to 1,650,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price
less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 19, 2020, the underwriters partially exercised their Over-Allotment Option
to purchase an additional 1,618,600 units at 10.00 per unit and forfeited the remaining Over-Allotment Option. 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital
as an advisor in connection with an initial business combination to assist us in holding meetings with stockholders to discuss the potential
initial business combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities in connection with an initial business combination, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the initial business
combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the initial business combination. We will pay
EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of an initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the
gross proceeds of our IPO, or 4,416,510 (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable); provided that up
to 30 of the fee may be allocated at our sole discretion to other FINRA members that assist us in identifying and consummating an initial
business combination. 

Additionally, we will pay
EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in an initial business combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces
us to the target business with which we complete an initial business combination. 

We have engaged various law
firms to provide legal due diligence services and business combination services related to potential target companies. All fees and expenses
related to the various engagements will be deferred and are to be paid fully upon the closing of any business combination. The law firms
will not be entitled to any contingent fees or expense reimbursement if we do not consummate an initial business combination within our
deadline. Deferred fees of 654,062 and 1,009,868 related to these legal services have been accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income
and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following
critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

The Company accounts for the
private placement warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D and 7F under which the private placement warrants
do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company classifies the private placement
warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjusts the private placement warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability
is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements
of operations. The private placement warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a binomial lattice
simulation model. 

28 

Sponsor Note 

We account for the Sponsor
Note under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Under 815-15-25, the election can be at the inception of a financial
instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC 825. We have made such election for the Sponsor Note. Using
the fair value option, the Sponsor Note is required to be recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance
sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the note are recognized as non-cash change in the fair value of the Sponsor
Note in the statements of operations. The fair value of the option to convert the Sponsor Note into private placement warrants was valued
by utilizing a binomial lattice model incorporating the Cox-Ross-Rubenstein methodology. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times,
common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption
is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income per Common Share 

Net income per common share
is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Accretion associated with
the redeemable shares of common stock is excluded from net income per share common as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under
current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope
exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company assessed
the potential impact of ASU 2020-06 and determined that it would not have a material impact on the financial statements as presented. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
financial statements. 

Factors
That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot
at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they
may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

29 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-24 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end
of the period covered by this Report, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to
our accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our
financial instruments were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in
this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

In
light of this material weakness, we have enhanced our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements
to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements including making
greater use of third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation
plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.
We believe our efforts will enhance our controls relating to accounting for complex financial transactions, but we can offer no assurance
that our controls will not require additional review and modification in the future as industry accounting practice may evolve over time. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

30 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Management has implemented
remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process
for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature,
identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional
staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Report does not include
an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging
growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as discussed above,
there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Rosemary L. Ripley 

68 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Peter S.H. Grubstein 

67 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 Shay Murphy 

39 

Vice President and Secretary 
 
 Brad Oberwager 

53 

Director 
 
 Kristopher Wood 

51 

Director 
 
 Robert M. Chiste 

75 

Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Rosemary L. Ripley has served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer since August 2020. She has been a Managing Member and
control shareholder of N GEN, a venture capital and growth equity investment firm investing in healthy and sustainable living, since 2007.
Ms. Ripley leads the firm s focus on consumer companies with differentiated products and services in food and beverage, and personal
and household care. She serves on the boards of Heineken, N.V and Zevia. Over her career in the consumer industry, Ms. Ripley has orchestrated
transactions worth approximately 40 billion for a wide variety of companies, both large and small. Many of these transactions were with
counterparties that are some of the largest multinational CPG companies in the world. Responsible for Corporate Business Development worldwide
at Altria Group (previously Philip Morris Companies) from 1990 to 2005, Ms. Ripley helped accelerate growth at Altria s operating
companies, Kraft Foods and Miller Brewing Company, through expansionary growth plans and transformative acquisitions. Among the transformative
transactions she led were the acquisition of Nabisco Foods, a 19 billion transaction, the initial public offering and spinout of Kraft
Foods, raising 8.7 billion, and the 5.5 billion merger of Miller Brewing Company with South African Breweries. In addition to these
transactions, Ms. Ripley has led numerous other transactions raising billions of dollars for a wide range of companies in the consumer
industry. Prior to joining Philip Morris, she ran the Retail and Consumer Group in Investment Banking at two different boutique firms
on Wall Street. Ms. Ripley also co-founded Circle Financial Group, a multi-family investment advisory firm, specializing in the investment
needs of ultra-high net worth women, which has been re-branded as Circle Wealth Management. She graduated cum laude from Yale University
and received an MBA from the Yale School of Management. Ms. Ripley is the wife of Peter S.H. Grubstein, our Chief Financial Officer and
a director. We believe Ms. Ripley is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her experience as a business
leader in a variety of industries and her contacts and relationships. 

Peter S.H. Grubstein has
served as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director since August 2020. He is the founder and Managing Member of N GEN,
a venture capital and growth equity investment firm investing in healthy and sustainable living. Mr. Grubstein founded N GEN in 2001
and has since been investing in sustainable businesses with innovative solutions to impact the world s biggest problems. Mr. Grubstein
has 40 years of experience as an entrepreneur, operating executive, and venture capital investor and has grown N GEN from one of
the earliest to invest in sustainable technologies, to a firm with three funds, raising over 500 million. At N GEN, he invests in
healthy living, which includes consumer-facing brands and services that span various sectors, from personal care to energy efficiency
products and innovative agricultural solutions, all with the goal of changing consumer behavior to improve consumer and environmental
health. Prior to founding N GEN, Mr. Grubstein made diverse private investments, ranging from leveraged buyouts and leveraged recapitalizations
to early venture investments in materials science enterprises. Earlier in his career, he was CEO of American Tanning, a manufacturing
business owned by his family, from 1982 to 1983. Subsequently at KD/P Equities. J.B. Poindexter Co. and Grubstein Holdings, LTD.,
he worked on investments such as Carolina Steel Corporation and focused on supply chain and logistics efficiencies to drive profitability,
including selecting acquisitions to improve overall operations for businesses that reach a certain scale. Mr. Grubstein is currently
a member of the Board of Directors of Enzymedica, a provider of digestive enzyme supplements. Mr. Grubstein is a graduate of Yale
University. Mr. Grubstein is the husband of Rosemary L. Ripley, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. We believe Mr. Grubstein is
well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience as a business leader in a variety of industries
and his contacts and relationships. 

32 

Shay Murphy has
served as our Vice President and Secretary since August 2020. Mr. Murphy has been with N GEN for nearly eight years since he
began as an associate after graduating from business school in 2015 and is currently a partner. He leads N GEN s focus on smart
cities and sustainable food systems and also supports the healthy consumer investment strategy. His duties include current portfolio management,
new deal pipeline and diligence, financial modeling, and fundraising. Mr. Murphy is currently a member of the board of directors
of Encycle Corporation. From 2012 to 2013, Mr. Murphy worked at DG Energy Partners, a solar energy financial advisory start-up where
he sourced and evaluated prospective new commercial-scale solar projects and developed a project finance and feasibility model that
was sold and disseminated to DG Energy Partners financial and EPC clients. In 2006, Mr. Murphy began his career at Citigroup
Global Markets in the fixed income capital markets division where his primary role was providing debt restructuring and refinancing solutions
for sponsor-backed companies, corporates, and sovereign nations. Until he left in 2011, Mr. Murphy was involved in the restructuring
or refinancing of over 200 billion of debt, including the 38 billion debt exchange for GMAC in December 2008. Mr. Murphy
holds an MBA from NYU Stern School of Business and a B.A. in Philosophy from Columbia University where he played varsity football. 

Brad Oberwager 
has served as a member of our board of directors since November 2020. Mr. Oberwager has spent his career in technology and consumer
focused companies. He is an experienced board member and has served on multiple boards. Currently, he is member of the board of directors
of Asure Software (Nasdaq: ASUR) and chairs its compensation committee. Mr. Oberwager is also on the boards of TEGSCO (aka AutoReturn),
an information services company, Linden Lab (owner of Second Life), a developer of digital entertainment, Tilia.io, a fintech company,
and Sundia Corporation, a food company, where he is also Chairman. He also owned Bare Snacks, a food company acquired by PepsiCo in 2018.
From July 2017 to June 2018, he was Vice-chair of YPO International, a global organization of 55,000 CEOs. Mr. Oberwager received
his BS from Georgetown University and his MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Oberwager
is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in technology and consumer focused industries
and his contacts and relationships. 

Kristopher Wood 
has served as a member of our board of directors since November 2020. Mr. Wood is a private investor in numerous private start-ups and
in smaller established businesses where he often assumes an operating role in repositioning the business for dynamic growth and enhanced
profitability. He has served as the President of Wellness Coaches USA, LLC, a leading provider of health and wellness program to government
agencies and large employers, since November 2021. Previously, Mr. Wood served as the President of Impact Health, Inc., a provider of
rapidly deployed, turn-key, COVID-19 testing programs at scale, from March 2020 to September 2021. Mr. Wood led the development
of Impact Health s COVID-19 programs and oversaw its operations and strategy. From 2012 to April 2018, Mr. Wood served as the
Chief Investment Officer for Lurie Holdings, Inc., a family office, where he worked on the turnaround, sale and integration of a number
of Lurie investments, including Joint Juice, which later acquired Premier Nutrition. He served as Executive Chairman of the combined company
from September 2012 to August 2013 where he was active in integrating the two companies and led the subsequent sale of Premier Nutrition
to Post Holdings. From 2011 to 2012, Mr. Wood was Head of Strategy for NewPage Corporation, a large freesheet paper manufacturer.
From 2009 to 2011, he was Head of Strategy for Worldcolor, a large printing company. Earlier in his career, Mr. Wood was a member
of the investment team at several middle market private equity companies, including MidOcean Partners where he sourced investments and
took active leadership roles and a member of the Global Finance Group of Deutsche Bank Securities. Mr. Wood was a director of Viamet
Pharmaceuticals and was also a member of the Finance Committee of the Lurie Children s Hospital of Chicago. He graduated cum
laude with a B.S. in economics from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Wood is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience as a business leader in a variety of industries and his contacts and
relationships. 

Mr. Chiste has
served as a member of our board of directors since April 2022. Mr. Chiste has served as the Chairman of Encycle Corporation since July
2012 and also served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2015 to 2022. Mr. Chiste has served as a director of MetOx Technologies, Inc.
since November 2020. He served as the Chairman of Enbala Power Systems from May 2012 to October 2019 and also served as its interim CEO
from 2014 to 2015. Mr. Chiste was the Chairman, CEO and President of Comverge, Inc from September 2001 to June 2009. He also served as
President and CEO of Allwaste, Inc. from October 1994 to August 1997. In addition, he served as a senior executive in several public companies,
including Transco Energy Venture Companies, from 1988 to 1993, and Enron Corporation, through a series of acquisitions, from 1980 to 1988.
Mr. Chiste also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sorfina Capital, a family investment fund focused on early-stage clean energy
and traditional energy services, from 1998 to 2022 and has remained as a director on Sorfina Capital s board of directors. Mr. Chiste
received a BA in Mathematics from The College of New Jersey, a JD from Rutgers University School of Law and an MBA from Rutgers University
School of Business. We believe Mr. Chiste is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience
as a business leader and his contacts and relationships. 

33 

Advisors 

Paul Price has
served as an advisor to our board of directors since November 2020. Mr. Price has served as the Chairman of the Irish Association of Investment
Management since March 2021 and as a member of the board of Quidtium LLC since January 2020. He has served as the Chief Executive Officer
of Morgan Stanley Investment Management (Ireland) Limited since October 2018. From October 2013 to April 2018, Mr. Price served as Head
of International Distribution at Morgan Stanley Investment Management in London. From 2006 to 2010, he served as Global Head of the Institutional
Business at Pioneer Global Asset Management. From 2000 to 2005, he served as head of MFS Investment Management s non-U.S. institutional
business. Mr. Price also served as an associate director on the Fixed Income team at Lombard Odier from 1997 to 1999 and held various
roles, both as a senior dealer in the treasury division and within the asset management business while at the Bank of Ireland from 1986
to 1996. Mr. Price received a bachelor of commerce degree from the University College Dublin and a master s degree in investment
and treasury from Dublin City University. 

Our advisors (i) provide their
business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (ii) upon our request, provide their business insights as
we work to create additional value in the businesses that we invest. In this regard, they fulfill some of the same functions as our board
members. However, they have no written advisory, employment or advisory agreement with us. Additionally, our advisors have no other employment
or compensation arrangements with us. Moreover, our advisors are not under any fiduciary obligations to us, nor do they perform board
or committee functions or have any voting or decision-making capacity on our behalf. They are not required to devote any specific amount
of time to our efforts or subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if any of our advisors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which he has fiduciary or contractual
obligations (including other blank check companies), he will honor his fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors
as we source potential business combination targets. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board consists of five
directors and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those
directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Robert M. Chiste, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Brad Oberwager and Kristopher Wood, will expire at
the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Rosemary L. Ripley and Peter
S. H. Grubstein, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Secretary,
Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer, and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

34 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules
and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors,
and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee
operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. We have filed
a copy of our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the IPO Registration Statement. You can review these documents
by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Brad Oberwager, Kristopher Wood and Robert M. Chiste, each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq s listing standards. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

The audit committee will at
all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under Nasdaq s
listing standards. Nasdaq s standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental
financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In addition, we must certify
to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting,
requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s
financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Kristopher Wood qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

35 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Brad Oberwager, Kristopher Wood and Robert M. Chiste, each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq s listing standards. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee
Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to this Report. You
can review the Code of Ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of
the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Other than the monthly payment
of 10,000 to NGEN MGT II, LLC, an affiliate of our executive officers, for office space, administrative and support services, none of
our executive officers or directors has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our independent directors, review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for
determining executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by our compensation committee. 

36 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to
remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain
their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 6,487,070 shares of our common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. Voting power represents
the voting power of shares of common stock owned beneficially by such person. The table below does not include the common stock underlying
the private placement warrants held or to be held by our officers or sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days
of this Report. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 BWA Holdings LLC (our sponsor) (2) 
 3,154,650 
 48.6 
 
 Rosemary L. Ripley (2) 
 3,154,650 
 48.6 
 
 Peter S.H. Grubstein (2) 
 3,154,650 
 48.6 
 
 Shay Murphy 

Brad Oberwager 

Kristopher Wood 

Robert M. Chiste 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) (2) 
 3,154,650 
 48.6 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Mizuho Financial Group (3) 
 885,932 
 13.7 
 
 First Trust Capital Management L.P. (4) 
 1,047,190 
 16.1 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each
of the individuals and BWA Holdings LLC is c/o Better World Acquisition Corp., 775 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10021. 

37 

(2) Represents securities held by BWA Holdings LLC, our sponsor,
of which Rosemary L. Ripley and Peter S.H. Grubstein are managing members. Accordingly, all securities held by our sponsor
may ultimately be deemed to be beneficially held by Ms. Ripley and Mr. Grubstein. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership
of the reported shares other than to the extent of his or her ultimate pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14,
2022 by Mizuho Financial Group. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Mizuho Americas LLC may be deemed to be indirect beneficial
owners of said equity securities directly held by Mizuho Securities USA LLC, which is their wholly-owned subsidiary. The address of the
business office of each of these reporting persons is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku, Tokyo
100 8176, Japan. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G/A jointly filed on February 8,
2023 by First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund VARBX ), First Trust Capital Management L.P. FTCM ), First Trust
Capital Solutions L.P. FTCS and FTCS Sub GP LLC Sub GP ), FTCM is an investment adviser registered with
the SEC that provides investment advisory services to, among others, series of Investment Managers Services Trust II, specifically First
Trust Multi-Strategy Fund and VARBX (collectively, the Client Accounts ). As investment adviser to the Client Accounts,
FTCM has the authority to invest the funds of the Client Accounts in securities (including the reported shares of common stock) as well
as the authority to purchase, vote and dispose of securities, and may thus be deemed the beneficial owner of the common stock held in
the Client Accounts. As of December 31, 2022, VARBX owned 1,038,690 shares of common stock while FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP collectively owned
1,047,190 shares of common stock. FTCS and Sub GP may be deemed to control FTCM and therefore may also be deemed to be beneficial owners
of the reported common stock. The business address of VARBX is 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. The business address of FTCM,
FTCS and Sub GP is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

For more information on the
Heritage Business Combination, see Item 1. Business 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On August 5, 2020, our sponsor
paid 25,000 to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration for 3,593,750 founder shares. On November 9, 2020, our sponsor returned
to us for cancellation, at no cost, an aggregate of 718,750 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares outstanding
and held by our sponsor. On November 12, 2020, we effected a stock dividend of 0.1 shares for each share of common stock outstanding,
resulting in an aggregate of 3,162,500 founder shares outstanding and held by our sponsor. The founder shares included, after giving retroactive
effect to the share surrender and stock dividend, an aggregate of up to 412,500 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that our sponsor would collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares
after the IPO (assuming our sponsor did not purchase any public shares in the IPO). In connection with the underwriters partial
exercise of the over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining over-allotment option, 7,850 founder shares were forfeited and
404,650 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate of 3,154,650 founder shares outstanding on November
19, 2020. 

Since November 2020, we have
paid an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

38 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, has been or will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or
in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the
type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating
for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that
were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses
that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection
with activities on our behalf. 

Prior to the closing of our
IPO, our sponsor loaned us 107,638.50 under an unsecured promissory note, which were used for a portion of the expenses of our IPO. The
loans were fully repaid upon the closing of our IPO. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant
at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust
account. 

On November 9, 2021, our board
of directors approved the extension of the date by which we have to consummate an initial business combination from November 17, 2021,
to February 17, 2022. In connection with the extension, our sponsor deposited into the trust account 0.10 for each of the 12,618,600
shares issued in the IPO, for a total of 1,261,860. We issued our sponsor the Sponsor Note in the principal amount of 1,261,860. On
February 17, 2022, our sponsor deposited an additional 1,261,860 (representing 0.10 per public share) into our trust account. This second
deposit allowed us to extend the date by which we have to complete our initial business combination from February 17, 2022 to May 17,
2022. In connection with the deposit, we amended and restated the Sponsor Note to increase the principal amount from 1,262,860 to 2,523,720. 

On May 12, 2022, the Company
held a special meeting of stockholders at which the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from
May 17, 2022 to August 17, 2022, In connection with the First Charter Extension, on May 17, 2022, the Company amended and restated the
Sponsor Note in its entirety to increase the principal amount thereunder from 2,523,720 to 3,223,720. At the time of the First Charter
Extension, we deposited an additional 500,000 borrowed under the Sponsor Note into the trust account. 

On August 15, 2022, the Company
held a special meeting of stockholders at which the Company s stockholders approved a second amendment to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation as amended, to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination
from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023. In connection with the Second Charter Extension, on August 17, 2022, the Company amended and
restated the Sponsor Note in its entirety to increase the principal amount thereunder from 3,223,720 to 3,683,720. At the time of the
Second Charter Extension, we deposited an additional 360,000 borrowed under the Sponsor Note into the trust account. Commencing on November
17, 2022, we deposited an additional 120,000 borrowed under the Sponsor Note for each of the three remaining calendar months of the Second
Charter Extension. 

On December 31, 2022, the
Company amended and restated the Sponsor Note in its entirety to increase the principal amount thereunder from 3,683,720 to 4,323,720.
The Sponsor Note is payable by us upon the earlier of the consummation of the initial business combination or our liquidation on or before
February 17, 2023. Up to 1,500,000 of loans under the Sponsor Note may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of 1.00
per private placement warrant at the option of our sponsor. 

On February 8, 2023, the Company
held a special meeting of stockholders at which the Company s stockholders approved a third amendment to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination
from February 17, 2023 to August 17, 2023. At the time of the Third Charter Extension, we deposited 120,000 borrowed under the Additional
Extension Note into the trust account. For each additional month of Third Charter Extension needed to consummate an initial business combination,
 120,000 borrowed under the Additional Extension Note will be deposited into the trust account. The Additional Extension Note is payable
by us upon the earlier of the consummation of the initial business combination or our liquidation on or before August 17, 2023. 

39 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any)
and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. 

In connection with the Heritage
Business Combination, we have also entered into the CVR Funding and Waiver Letter. In addition, at the closing of the Heritage Business
Combination, we will enter into the Founders Registration Rights Agreement Amendment, CVR Agreement and Sponsor Earnout Letter. For more
information regarding the Heritage Business Combination and the agreements entered in connection therewith, see Item 1. Business. 

Director Independence 

Currently, Brad Oberwager,
Kristopher Wood and Robert M. Chiste would each be considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules, which
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of a company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship,
which, in the opinion of our board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. 

Our independent directors
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any affiliated transactions
will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve
all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by
Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings
with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 105,575 and 75,190, respectively. The above amounts include interim
procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

40 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we did not
pay Marcum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay Marcum for
tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay Marcum for
any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the pricing of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

41 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number 688 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 
 
 F-7 to F-24 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in
the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

42 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Better World Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Better World Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s
ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon the consummation of a business combination and it lacks the financial resources
it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial
statements. Further, if the Company does not complete a business combination by August 17, 2023, or obtain approval for an extension of
this deadline, it will be required to cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Convertible promissory note related party, at fair value 

Deferred legal fees 

Total Current Liabilities 

Convertible promissory note related party, at fair value 

Deferred legal fees 

Warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and shares at per share redemption value as of December 31, 2021 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 4,213,453 and 12,618,600 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year 
 For the year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operational costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants liabilities 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party 

Total other income 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, non-redeemable common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 AND 2021 

Class B 
Common Stock 
 
Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Accretion for common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Promissory note proceeds in excess of fair value 

Accretion for common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year 
 For the Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deferred legal fee payable 

Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Advances from related party 

Redemption of common stock 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount 

Conversion of advances to convertible promissory note - related party 

Promissory note proceeds in excess of initial fair value 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included
in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described
in Note 3. 

warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant in a private placement to BWA Holdings LLC (the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBirdCapital ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule
2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and
(ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account, as described below. 

Units, at per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of , and the sale of an additional Private Warrants, at per Private
Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . A total of of the net proceeds was deposited into the Trust Account on
November 20, 2020, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to . On November 9, 2021, in connection
with the first extension of the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination, a total of was
deposited into the Trust Account. On February 17, 2022, a total of was deposited in the Trust Account in connection with
the extension of the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination to May 17, 2022. On May 18, 2022, a total of
 was deposited into the Trust Account in connection with a further extension of the date by which the Company has to
consummate a Business Combination to August 17, 2022. On August 17, 2022, November 16, 2022, and December 19, 2022 an aggregate
amount of was deposited into the Trust Account in connection with a further extension of the date by which the Company has
to consummate a Business Combination to February 17, 2023. On January 18, 2023, February 16, 2023 and March 16 , 2023,
an aggregate amount of was deposited into the Trust Account in connection with a further extension of the date by which the
Company has to consummate a Business Combination to August 17, 2023. 

consisting of of underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

F- 7 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the assets held
in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post Business Combination company owns or acquires or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

per Public Share as of December
31, 2022 and per Public Share as of December 31, 2021, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business
Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the Company s amended and restated Certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as
would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company
seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in
Note 5), Representative Shares (as defined in Note 8) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (a)
in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business
Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with
any such amendment. 

F- 8 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

for
each of the shares issued in the Initial Public Offering, for a total of . The Company issued the Sponsor a non-interest
bearing unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of (the Convertible Promissory Note ), which is payable
by the Company upon the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The Convertible Promissory
Note may be repaid in cash or convertible into Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant. On February 16, 2022, the Company s
board of directors approved the extension of the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from February 17,
2022 to May 17, 2022. In connection with the extension, the Sponsor deposited into the Trust Account an additional per
Public Share) on February 17, 2022, and the Company amended and restated the Convertible Promissory Note in its entirety solely to increase
the principal amount thereunder from to . On May 12, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at
which a proposal to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate
a Business Combination from May 17, 2022 to August 17, 2022 was approved by the stockholders. In connection with this extension, the Company
deposited into the Trust Account on May 18, 2022. The Company amended and restated the Convertible Promissory Note to increase
the principal amount thereunder from to , which included a drawdown of for the extension and a drawdown
of for working capital needs. On August 17, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which the Company s
stockholders approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must
consummate a Business Combination from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023. On August 17, 2022, the Company amended and restated the
Convertible Promissory Note to increase the principal amount thereunder from to , which included a drawdown of 
for the extension and for working capital purposes. On December 31, 2022, the Company amended and restated the Convertible Promissory
Note to increase the principal amount thereunder from to , which included a drawdown of for the extension
and for working capital purposes. On February 8, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which the Company s
stockholders approved an extension of the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from February 17, 2023 to August
17, 2023 (the Combination Period ). 

per share, subsequently increased to
approximately following the extension in February 2023). 

per Public Share, except as to any claims
by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the
Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company
does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the
Trust Account. 

F- 9 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

share of common stock of Pubco Pubco Common Stock and one contingent value right CVR (subject to the
holders of Founder Shares and Representative Shares waiving their right to receive CVRs for such shares pursuant to the CVR Funding and
Waiver Letter entered into simultaneously with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement by and among our sponsor,
EarlyBirdCapital, the Company, Heritage and Pubco, and (B) Pubco will assume all of the outstanding warrants of the Company SPAC
Warrants and each SPAC Warrant will become a warrant to purchase the same number of shares of Pubco Common Stock at the same exercise
price during the same exercise period and otherwise on the same terms as the SPAC Warrant being assumed; (ii) Company Merger Sub will
merge with and into Heritage, with Heritage continuing as the surviving entity, and, in connection therewith, (A) the shares of capital
stock of Heritage issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled in exchange for the right of the holders
thereof to receive shares of Pubco Common Stock as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, (B) holders of Company Interim Notes
(as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) will receive shares of Pubco Common Stock separate from the Stockholder Merger Consideration
(as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), (C) Pubco will assume all of the outstanding Company Financing/Interim Warrants (as
defined in the Business Combination Agreement) and each Company Financing/Interim Warrant will become a warrant to purchase shares of
Pubco Common Stock with the number of shares and exercise price thereof equitably adjusted in accordance with the Business Combination
Agreement, (D) each Contributed Warrant (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) shall be contributed to Pubco and exchanged
for the right to receive such number of shares of Pubco Common Stock as such holder of a Contributed Warrant would have received pursuant
to Section 1.14(a) of the Business Combination Agreement if such Contributed Warrant had been exercised immediately prior to the Effective
Time for the number of shares of common stock of Heritage set forth in that certain Contribution Agreement entered into simultaneously
with the Business Combination Agreement, (E) each award of restricted stock units based on shares of Heritage common stock granted under
the Heritage Distilling Company, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and the Heritage Distilling Holding Company, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive
Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, as amended in accordance with the
Business Combination Agreement and the RSU Award Amendments, will be assumed by Pubco, with the number of RSU Shares underlying such Restricted
Stock Unit Award to be adjusted in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement, and (F) all other Company Convertible Securities
(as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) will be terminated; and (iii) as a result of such mergers, the Company and Heritage
each will become wholly owned subsidiaries of Pubco, and Pubco will become a publicly traded company. 

F- 10 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

, less the amount of Closing Net Debt (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) and the aggregate amount of any
Company Transaction Bonuses (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), which Participant Consideration will be payable in new
shares of Pubco Common Stock, each valued at a price per share of ; provided that such shares of Pubco Common Stock payable to holders
of Company Interim Notes shall be valued at a price per share equal to seventy five percent of the Redemption Price (as defined
in the Business Combination Agreement). Any such shares of Pubco Common Stock payable to holders of Company Interim Notes shall reduce
the shares of Pubco Common Stock allocable to Heritage shareholders, and therefore will not affect the total consideration payable by
the Pubco. The portion of the Participant Consideration payable to Heritage security holders is set forth in the Business Combination
Agreement. 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury Department has authority
to promulgate regulations and provide other guidance regarding the excise tax. In December 2022, the Treasury Department issued Notice
2023-2, indicating its intention to propose such regulations and issuing certain interim rules on which taxpayers may rely. Under the
interim rules, liquidating distributions made by publicly traded domestic corporations are exempt from the excise tax. In addition, any
redemptions that occur in the same taxable year as a liquidation is completed will also be exempt from such tax. Accordingly, redemptions
of Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise (a Redemption Event may subject
the Company to the excise tax, unless one of the two exceptions above apply. 

F- 11 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

in its operating bank account outside the Trust Account and in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or
to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith. As of December 31, 2022, of the amount on deposit in the Trust
Account represented accrued interest income, which can be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations. 

, and , respectively, of accrued interest from the Trust Account to pay certain tax obligations. 

to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension (See Note 5). On February 17, 2022,
April 14, 2022, May 18, 2022, August 17, 2022 and December 31, 2022 the Company amended and restated the Convertible Promissory Note to
increase the principal amount thereunder from to . 

shares and shares, respectively, exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion
of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately million and million, respectively, was released from the Trust
Account. On February 8, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which a third amendment to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from
February 17, 2023 to August 17, 2023 was approved. In connection with the meeting stockholders holding shares of the Company s
common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, approximately
 million was released from the Trust Account. 

F- 12 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of interest
income from the Trust Account to pay certain tax obligations. 

F- 13 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Less: 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2021 

Less: 

Redemption of shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022 

F- 14 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive
securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then participate in the earnings
of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average stock outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common share

F- 15 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock
and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on November 19, 2020, the Company sold an additional Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Public Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase share of common stock at an exercise price of per share (see Note 8). 

Private Warrants
at a price of per Private Warrant for an aggregate purchase price of . The Sponsor purchased Private Warrants
and EarlyBirdCapital purchased Private Warrants. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on November 19, 2020, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an additional Private Warrants, at a purchase price of
 per Private Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share
of common stock at a price of per full share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). The proceeds from the Private Warrants were added
to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law). 

F- 16 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for shares of common stock (the Founder
Shares ). On November 9, 2020, the Sponsor returned to the Company for cancellation, at no cost, an aggregate of Founder
Shares, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor. On November 12, 2020, the Company effected
a stock dividend of shares for each share of common stock outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding
and held by the Sponsor. The Founder Shares included, after giving retroactive effect to the share surrender and stock dividend, an aggregate
of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in
part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering
(assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). In connection with the underwriters partial
exercise of the over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining over-allotment option, Founder Shares were forfeited,
and Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding at December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

of the Founder Shares, the earlier of one year after the completion of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price
of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and (2) with respect to
the remaining of the Founder Shares, one year after the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent
to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all
of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred in fees for these services, which amounts are included in accrued
expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred , of which is
included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31,
2021, (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determined not to proceed with the Initial
Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note was repaid subsequent to the Initial Public Offering. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, no balance is outstanding under the Promissory Note. Borrowings under the Promissory Note
are no longer available. 

of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a
price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not
close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held
in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

to be used for working capital purposes. On August 17, 2022, the Company converted the advance from the
Sponsor to the second amended and restated promissory note. On October 13, 2022, the Sponsor advanced to the Company to be used
for working capital purposes. On December 31, 2022, the Company converted the advance from the Sponsor to the third amended and restated
promissory note (see Convertible Promissory Note Related Party below). 

F- 17 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

per Public Share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Payments were made in the form of a non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory note to be paid upon consummation of a Business Combination, or, at the Sponsor s discretion, converted
upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant. The Sponsor and
its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete a Business Combination.
On May 12, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from May 17, 2022 to August
17, 2022 was approved by stockholders. In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the
Sponsor or its affiliates or designees deposited into the Trust Account . On August 15, 2022, the Company held a special meeting
of stockholders at which a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended to extend
the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023 was approved by stockholders.
In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees
deposited into the Trust Account . On November 16, 2022 and December 19, 2022, the Company deposited an aggregate of 
into the Trust Account in connection with the extension. 

to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension. On August 15, 2022,
the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023
was approved by stockholders. On February 17, 2022, April 14, 2022, May 18, 2022, August 17, 2022 and December 31, 2022 the Company amended
and restated the Convertible Promissory Note to increase the principal amount thereunder from 1,261,860 to 4,323,720. The Convertible
Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the Company s Business
Combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before February 17, 2023 or such later liquidation date as may
be approved by the Company s stockholders. At the election of the Sponsor, up to of the unpaid principal amount of the
Convertible Promissory Note may be converted into warrants of the Company, each warrant exercisable for one share of common stock of the
Company upon the consummation of its Business Combination, equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Convertible Promissory
Note being converted, divided by (y) , rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
was and outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Note, respectively. The Convertible Promissory Note was valued
using the fair value method. The fair value of the Convertible Promissory Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and ,
respectively, which resulted in a change in fair value of the convertible promissory note of and which was recorded
in the statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 10). 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 19, 2020, the underwriters
partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at per Unit and forfeited the remaining
over-allotment option. 

F- 18 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , (exclusive of any applicable finders 
fees which might become payable); provided that up to of the fee may be allocated at the Company s sole discretion to other
FINRA members that assist the Company in identifying and consummating a Business Combination. 

of the total consideration payable in a Business Combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces
the Company to the target business with which the Company completes a Business Combination. 

and related to these legal services have been accrued as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

(representing per Public Share) into the
Trust Account for its public stockholders. On May 12, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which a proposal to
amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination
from May 17, 2022 to August 17, 2022 was approved by the stockholders. In connection with this extension, the Company deposited 
into the Trust Account on May 18, 2022. In connection with the extension amendment, stockholders holding approximately shares
of the Company s redeemable common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
Trust Account at a redemption price of approximately per share. On August 15, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders
at which a proposal to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company must consummate
a Business Combination from August 17, 2022 to February 17, 2023 was approved by the stockholders. In connection with this extension,
the Company deposited into the Trust Account on August 17, 2022, and stockholders holding approximately shares of the
Company s redeemable common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account
at a redemption price of approximately per share. On November 16, 2022 and December 19, 2022, the Company deposited an aggregate
amount of into the Trust Account in connection with the extension. On February 8, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of
stockholders at which a proposal to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the date by which the Company
must consummate a Business Combination from February 17, 2023 to August 17, 2023 was approved by the stockholders. In connection with
the extension, stockholders holding shares of the Company s redeemable common stock exercised their right to redeem such
shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account at a redemption price of approximately per share. 

to the Sponsor. On February
17, 2022, April 14, 2022, May 18, 2022, August 17, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the Company amended and restated the Convertible Promissory
Note in its entirety to increase the principal amount thereunder from to . 

F- 19 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and shares of common
stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, which are presented as temporary equity. In connection with the extensions on May
12, 2022, stockholders holding shares of the Company s redeemable common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares
for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account at a redemption price of approximately per share. In connection with the
extension on August 17, 2022, stockholders holding shares of the Company s redeemable stock exercised their right to redeem
such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account at a redemption price of approximately per share. In connection
with the extension on February 8, 2023, stockholders holding shares of the Company s redeemable stock exercised their
right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account at a redemption price of approximately per
share. 

after the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

per warrant; upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

per common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of its common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which
the Company consummates its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) Market Value or (ii) the price at which
the Company issue the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. 

F- 20 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of common stock (the Representative Shares ). On November 9, 2020, EarlyBirdCapital
returned to the Company for cancellation, at no cost, an aggregate of Representative Shares, resulting in an aggregate of 
Representative Shares outstanding and held by EarlyBirdCapital. On November 12, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares
for each share of common stock outstanding, resulting in EarlyBirdCapital holding an aggregate of Representative Shares. The Company
accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders 
equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued to
the Sponsor. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion
of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Startup/Organization Expenses 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax asset 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 21 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and ,
respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income, which do not expire. 

. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Transaction costs incurred in connection with Initial Public Offering 

Business combination expenses 

Change in Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, due to changes in fair value in warrant liability, changes in the fair value of the Convertible Promissory Note, business
combination expenses and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

F- 22 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

-

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 1 
 -

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities Private Warrants 
 3 

Convertible promissory note related party 
 3 

Trading days per year 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Stock Price 

per warrant and per warrant, respectively, for an aggregate value
of million and million, respectively. 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 23 

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Time to Expiration (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

Stock Price 

Probability of transaction 

Conversion of Sponsor advance to Convertible Promissory Note 

Proceeds in excess of fair value 

Proceeds received through Convertible Promissory Note 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

in connection with the extension. 

shares of the Company s redeemable common stock exercised their
right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account at a redemption price of approximately per
share. The Sponsor has agreed to contribute to the Trust Account for each month of the extension. 

F- 24 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, as representative of the several underwriters. (1) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital. (1) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, by and among the Company, HDH Newco, Inc., BWA Merger Sub, Inc., HD Merger Sub, Inc., Heritage, the sponsor, and Justin Stiefel. (6) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (4) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (5) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (8) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Bylaws. (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and among the Company, the sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and NGEN MGT II, LLC. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated November 12, 2020, by and between the Company and CST. (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated December 31, 2022. 

43 

10.10 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, by and among the sponsor, HDH Newco, Inc., and the Security Holder of Heritage named therein. (6) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, by and among the Company, Heritage and the Security Holder of Heritage named therein. (6) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, by and among the Company, Heritage, HDH Newco, Inc., and the Security Holder of Heritage named therein. (6) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Company, Heritage Distilling Group, Inc. (f/k/a HDH Newco, Inc.), and the Investors named therein. (6) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Company, the sponsor, and the Holders named therein. (6) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Contingent Value Rights Agreement, by and among Heritage Distilling Group, Inc. (f/k/a HDH Newco, Inc.), the sponsor, Justin Stiefel, and Continental, as rights agent. (6) 
 
 10.16 
 
 CVR Funding and Waiver Letter, by and among the sponsor, the Company, EarlyBirdCapital, HDH Newco, Inc., and Heritage. (6) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Sponsor Earnout Letter Agreement, by and among the sponsor, the Company, Heritage Distilling Group, Inc. (f/k/a HDH Newco, Inc.) and Heritage. (6) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics. (7) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (7) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (7) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104. 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

The exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2020. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 7, 2020 (File No.
333-249374), as amended. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 17, 2022. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

(8) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023. 

(9) Incorporated by reference to Pubco s Registration Statement
on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 (File No. 333-269754). 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 
 Better World Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Rosemary L. Ripley 

Name: 
 Rosemary L. Ripley 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Rosemary L. Ripley 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Rosemary L. Ripley 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Peter S.H. Grubstein 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter S.H. Grubstein 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Brad Oberwager 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Brad Oberwager 

/s/ Kristopher Wood 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Kristopher Wood 

/s/ Robert M. Chiste 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert M. Chiste 

45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_betterworld.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rosemary L. Ripley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Better World
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rosemary L. Ripley 

Rosemary L. Ripley 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_betterworld.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Peter S.H. Grubstein, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Better World Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Peter S.H. Grubstein 

Peter S.H. Grubstein 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_betterworld.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Better World Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rosemary L. Ripley, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly
 presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered
 by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rosemary L. Ripley 

Rosemary L. Ripley 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_betterworld.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Better World Acquisition Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter S.H. Grubstein, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly
 presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered
 by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Peter S.H. Grubstein 

Peter S.H. Grubstein 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bwac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bwac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bwac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bwac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bwac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

