<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1132651_0001437749-23-006159.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16199508</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>281873</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1704057</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7435976</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2864282</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3346842</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-006159.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310160058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-006159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMES NATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001132651
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				421039071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32637
		FILM NUMBER:		23723526

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 846
		CITY:			AMES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5152326251

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 846
		CITY:			AMES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50010

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-006159.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 atlo20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

atlo20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended or 
 
 Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

1

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price for the registrant s common stock in the NASDAQ Capital Market, was . 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock on February 28, 2023, was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about March 10, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

2

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 25 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 51 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 91 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 91 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 91 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 92 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 92 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 93 

3

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 Ames National Corporation (the "Company") is an Iowa corporation and bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The Company owns 100 of the stock of six bank subsidiaries consisting of one national bank and five state-chartered banks, as described below. All of the Company s operations are conducted in the State of Iowa and primarily within the central, north-central and south-central Iowa counties of Boone, Clarke, Hancock, Marshall, Polk, Story, Taylor and Union where the Company s banking subsidiaries are located. The Company does not engage in any material business activities apart from its ownership of its banking subsidiaries and the management of its own loan portfolios. The principal executive offices of the Company are located at 405 5th Street, Ames, Iowa 50010. The Company s telephone number is (515) 232-6251 and website address is www.amesnational.com. 
 
 The Company was organized and incorporated on January 21, 1975 under the laws of the State of Iowa to serve as a holding company for its principal banking subsidiary, First National Bank, Ames, Iowa ("First National") located in Ames, Iowa. In 1983, the Company acquired the stock of State Bank Trust Co. ("State Bank") located in Nevada, Iowa; in 1991, the Company, through a newly-chartered state bank known as Boone Bank Trust Co. ("Boone Bank"), acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of the former Boone State Bank Trust Company located in Boone, Iowa; in 1995, the Company acquired the stock of Reliance State Bank, Reliance Bank located in Story City, Iowa; in 2002, the Company chartered and commenced operations of a new banking organization, United Bank Trust Co. United Bank ), located in Marshalltown, Iowa; and in 2019, the Company acquired the stock of Iowa State Savings Bank Iowa State Bank located in Creston, Iowa. First National, State Bank, Boone Bank, Reliance Bank, United Bank and Iowa State Bank are each operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. These six financial institutions are referred to in this Form 10-K collectively as the Banks and individually as a Bank . 
 
 The principal sources of Company revenue are: (i) interest and fees earned on loans made or held by the Company and Banks; (ii) interest on investments, primarily on bonds, held by the Banks; (iii) fees on wealth management services; (iv) service charges on deposit accounts maintained at the Banks; (v) merchant and card fees; (vi) gain on the sale of loans; and (vii) securities gains. The Company s principal expenses are: (i) interest expense on deposit accounts and other borrowings; (ii) salaries and employee benefits; (iii) data processing costs primarily associated with maintaining the Banks loan and deposit functions; (iv) occupancy expenses for maintaining the Banks facilities; (v) professional fees; and (vi) business development. The largest component contributing to the Company s net income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on earning assets (primarily loans and investments) and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposit accounts and other borrowings). One of management s principal functions is to manage the spread between interest earned on earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities in an effort to maximize net interest income while maintaining an appropriate level of interest rate risk. 
 
 The Banks lending activities consist primarily of short-term and medium-term commercial and agricultural real estate loans, residential real estate loans, agricultural and business operating loans and lines of credit, equipment loans, vehicle loans, personal loans and lines of credit, home improvement loans and origination of mortgage loans for sale into the secondary market. The Banks also offer a variety of checking, savings and time deposits, cash management services, merchant credit card processing, safe deposit boxes, wire transfers, direct deposit and automated/video teller machine access. Five of the six Banks also offer trust services, which includes wealth management services. 
 
 The Company provides various services to the Banks which include, but are not limited to, management assistance, internal auditing services, human resources services and administration, compliance management, marketing assistance and coordination, loan review, support with respect to computer systems and related procedures, financial reporting, property appraisals, training and the coordination of management activities. 
 
 Banking Subsidiaries 
 
 First National Bank, Ames, Iowa. First National is a nationally-chartered, commercial bank insured by the FDIC. It was organized in 1903 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in 1975 through a bank holding company reorganization whereby the then shareholders of First National exchanged all of their First National stock for stock in the Company. In 2014, First National completed the purchase of a bank with offices in West Des Moines, Iowa. In 2018, First National completed the purchase of a bank with offices located in Osceola, Iowa (the Clarke County Acquisition ). First National provides full-service banking to businesses and residents within the Ames community through its three Ames offices; the Greater Des Moines area through its three offices located in Ankeny and West Des Moines; and South Central Iowa through its two offices in Osceola. It provides a variety of products and services designed to meet the needs of the markets it serves. It has an experienced staff of bank officers including many who have spent the majority of their banking careers with First National and who emphasize long-term customer relationships. 

4

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, First National had capital of 76.8 million and 122 full-time equivalent employees. Full-time equivalents represent the number of people a business would employ if all its employees were employed on a full-time basis. It is calculated by dividing the total number of hours worked by all full and part-time employees by the number of hours a full-time individual would work for a given period of time. First National had net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately 10.4 million and 13.1 million, respectively. Total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 1.12 billion and 1.11 billion, respectively. 
 
 State Bank Trust Co., Nevada, Iowa. State Bank is an Iowa, state-chartered, FDIC insured commercial bank. State Bank was acquired by the Company in 1983 through a stock transaction whereby the then shareholders of State Bank exchanged all their State Bank stock for stock in the Company. State Bank was organized in 1939 and provides full-service banking to businesses and residents within the Nevada area from its Nevada location. It has a strong presence in agricultural, commercial and residential real estate lending. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, State Bank had capital of 12.9 million and 20 full-time equivalent employees. State Bank had net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately 2.6 million and 3.3 million, respectively. Total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 215.5 million and 208.9 million, respectively. 
 
 Boone Bank Trust Co., Boone, Iowa. Boone Bank is an Iowa, state-chartered, FDIC insured commercial bank. Boone Bank was organized in 1992 by the Company under a new state charter in connection with a purchase and assumption transaction whereby Boone Bank purchased certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of the former Boone State Bank Trust Company in exchange for a cash payment. It provides full-service banking to businesses and residents within the Boone community and surrounding area. It is actively engaged in agricultural, consumer and commercial lending, including real estate, operating and equipment loans. It conducts business from its main office and a full-service office, both located in Boone. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Boone Bank had capital of 7.6 million and 20 full-time equivalent employees. Boone Bank had net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately 1.3 million and 1.9 million, respectively. Total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 158.2 million and 159.0 million, respectively. 
 
 Reliance State Bank, Story City, Iowa. Reliance Bank is an Iowa, state-chartered, FDIC insured commercial bank. Reliance Bank was organized in 1928. Reliance Bank was acquired by the Company in 1995 through a stock transaction whereby the then shareholders of Reliance Bank exchanged all their Reliance Bank stock for stock in the Company. In 2012, Reliance Bank completed the purchase of a bank office of Liberty Bank, F.S.B. located in Garner, Iowa. Reliance Bank provides full-service banking to businesses and residents within the Story City and Garner communities and surrounding areas. While its primary emphasis is in agricultural lending, Reliance Bank also provides the traditional lending services typically offered by community banks. It conducts business from its main office located in Story City and a full-service office located in Garner. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Reliance Bank had capital of 21.3 million and 34 full-time equivalent employees. Reliance Bank had net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately 2.4 million and 3.2 million, respectively. Total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 303.0 million and 285.6 million, respectively. 
 
 United Bank Trust Co., Marshalltown, Iowa. United Bank is an Iowa, state-chartered, FDIC insured commercial bank. It was chartered as a national bank in 2002 and converted to a state charter in 2022. It offers a broad range of deposit and loan products, as well as wealth management services to customers located in the Marshalltown and surrounding Marshall County area. It conducts business from its main office and a full-service office, both located in Marshalltown. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, United Bank had capital of 8.8 million and 18 full-time equivalent employees. United Bank had net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately 1.2 million. Total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 129.8 million and 126.4 million, respectively. 
 
 Iowa State Savings Bank, Creston, Iowa. Iowa State Bank is an Iowa, state-chartered, FDIC insured commercial bank. Iowa State Bank was organized in 1883. Iowa State Bank was acquired by the Company in 2019 through a stock transaction for cash Iowa State Bank Acquisition ). Iowa State Bank provides full-service banking to businesses and residents within Creston, Iowa and the surrounding areas. While its primary emphasis is in agricultural lending, Iowa State Bank also provides the traditional lending services typically offered by community banks. It conducts business from its main office located in Creston and full-service offices located in Creston and Lenox. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Iowa State Bank had capital of 21.4 million and 33 full-time equivalent employees. Iowa State Bank had net income for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately 2.3 million and 2.1 million, respectively. Total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 258.5 million and 252.4 million, respectively. 

5

Table of Contents 

Business Strategy and Operations 
 
 As a multi-bank holding company for six community banks, the Company emphasizes strong personal relationships to provide products and services that meet the needs of the Banks customers. The Company seeks to achieve growth and maintain a strong return on equity. To accomplish these goals, the Banks focus on small-to-medium size businesses that traditionally wish to develop an exclusive relationship with a single bank. The Banks, individually and collectively, have the size to give the personal attention required by business owners, in addition to the credit expertise to help businesses meet their goals. 
 
 The Banks offer a full range of deposit services that are typically available in most financial institutions, including checking accounts, savings accounts and time deposits of various types, ranging from money market accounts to longer-term certificates of deposit. One major goal in developing the Banks' product mix is to keep the product offerings as simple as possible, both in terms of the number of products and the features and benefits of the individual services. The transaction accounts and time certificates are tailored to each Bank's principal market area at rates competitive in that Bank s market. In addition, retirement accounts such as Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) are available. The FDIC insures all deposit accounts up to the maximum coverage limits. The Banks solicit these accounts from small-to-medium sized businesses in their respective primary trade areas, from individuals who live and/or work within these areas, and from public entities within these areas. No material portion of the Banks' deposits has been obtained from a single person or from a few persons. Therefore, the Company does not believe that the loss of the deposits of any person or of a few persons would have an adverse effect on the Banks' operations or erode their deposit base. 
 
 Loans are provided to creditworthy borrowers regardless of their race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, receipt of public assistance or any other basis prohibited by law. The Banks intend to fulfill this commitment while maintaining prudent credit standards. In the course of fulfilling this obligation to meet the credit needs of the communities which they serve, the Banks give consideration to each credit application regardless of the fact that the applicant may reside in a low to moderate income neighborhood, and without regard to the geographic location of the residence, property or business within their market areas. 
 
 The Banks provide innovative, quality financial services, such as: Online Banking, Mobile Banking, Private Banking and Wealth Management that meet the evolving banking needs of their customers and communities. The loan programs and acceptance of certain loans may vary from time-to-time depending on the funds available and regulations governing the banking industry. The Banks offer all basic types of credit to their local communities and surrounding rural areas, including commercial, agricultural and consumer loans. The types of loans within these categories are as follows: 
 
 Commercial and Construction Loans. Commercial loans are typically made to sole proprietors, partnerships, corporations, limited liability companies and other business entities including municipalities where the loan is to be used primarily for business purposes. These loans are typically secured by assets owned by the borrower and may involve personal guarantees given by the owners of the business. Approximately 54 of the loan portfolio consists of loans made for commercial purposes. 
 
 The types of loans the Banks offer include: 

commercial real estate loans, including owner occupied properties 

multi-family real estate loans 

operating and working capital loans 

loans to finance equipment and other capital purchases 

business lines of credit 

term loans 

construction loans 

financing guaranteed under Small Business Administration programs 

letters of credit 

Agricultural Loans. The Banks, by virtue of their location in central, north-central and south-central Iowa, are directly and indirectly involved in agriculture and agri-business lending. This includes short-term seasonal lending associated with cyclical crop and livestock production, intermediate term lending for machinery, equipment and breeding stock acquisition and long-term real estate lending. These loans are typically secured by the crops, livestock, equipment or real estate being financed. The basic tenets of the Banks' agricultural lending philosophy are strong, positive cash flows, adequate collateral positions, and sufficient liquidity to withstand short-term negative impacts if necessary. Applicable governmental subsidies and affiliated programs are utilized if warranted to accomplish these parameters. Approximately 22 of the loan portfolio consists of loans made for agricultural purposes. 
 
 1-4 Family Residential Loans. 1-4 family residential loans are typically available to finance homes, home improvements and home equity lines of credit. These loans are made on a secured basis. Approximately 23 of the loan portfolio consists of loans made for 1-4 family residential purposes. 

6

Table of Contents 

Consumer Loans. Consumer loans are typically available to finance consumer purchases, such as automobiles, household furnishings and boats. These loans are made on both a secured and an unsecured basis. Approximately 1 of the loan portfolio consists of loans made for consumer purposes. The following types of consumer loans are available: 

automobiles and trucks 

boats and recreational vehicles 

personal loans and lines of credit 

Other types of credit programs, such as loans to nonprofit organizations, to public entities, for community development and to other governmental programs also are available. 
 
 First National, Boone Bank, State Bank, United Bank and Iowa State Bank offer wealth management services typically found in a commercial bank with trust powers, including the administration of estates, conservatorships, personal and corporate trusts and agency accounts. Assets under management amount to 379.5 million and 401.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Banks also provide farm management, investment and custodial services for individuals, businesses and non-profit organizations. 
 
 The Banks earn income from the origination and referral of residential mortgages that are sold in the secondary real estate market without retaining the mortgage servicing rights. 
 
 The Banks offer traditional banking services, such as safe deposit boxes, wire transfers, direct deposit, automated/video teller machine access and automatic drafts (ACH) for various accounts. 
 
 Lending Credit Management 
 
 The Company strives to achieve sound credit risk management. In order to achieve this goal, the Company has established uniform credit policies and underwriting criteria for the Banks loan portfolios. The Banks diversify the types of loans offered and are subject to regular credit examinations, annual internal audits and annual review of large loans, as well as quarterly reviews of loans experiencing deterioration in credit quality. The Company attempts to identify potential problem loans early, charge off loans promptly and maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses. The Company has established credit guidelines for the Banks lending portfolios which include guidelines relating to the more commonly requested loan types, as follows: 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans - Commercial real estate loans, including agricultural real estate loans, are normally based on loan to appraisal value ratios that do not exceed 80 and secured by a first priority lien position. Loans are typically subject to interest rate adjustments between five and seven years from origination. Fully amortized monthly repayment terms normally do not exceed twenty five years. Projections and cash flows that show ability to service debt within the amortization period are required. Property and casualty insurance is required to protect the Banks collateral interests. Commercial and agricultural real estate loans represent approximately 56 of the loan portfolio. Major risk factors for commercial real estate loans, as well as the other loan types described below, include a geographic concentration in our primary market areas in Iowa; the dependence of the local economy upon several large governmental entities, including Iowa State University and the Iowa Department of Transportation; and the health of Iowa s agricultural sector that is heavily dependent on commodity prices, weather conditions, government programs and trade policies. 
 
 Commercial and Agricultural Operating Lines - These loans are typically made to businesses and farm operations with terms up to twelve months. The credit needs are generally seasonal with the source of repayment coming from the entity s normal business cycle. Cash flow reviews are completed to establish the ability to service the debt within the terms of the loan. A first priority lien on the general assets of the business normally secures these types of loans. Loan-to-value limits vary and are dependent upon the nature and type of the underlying collateral and the financial strength of the borrower. Crop and hail insurance is required for most agricultural borrowers. Loans are generally guaranteed by the principal(s). 
 
 Commercial and Agricultural Term Loans These loans are made to businesses and farm operations to finance equipment, breeding stock and other capital expenditures. Term loans are normally secured by the asset being financed and are often additionally secured with the general assets of the business. Loan-to-value ratios generally do not exceed 75 of the cost or value of the assets. Loans are normally guaranteed by the principal(s). These loans also include Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans originated as a part of the CARES Act. Commercial and agricultural operating and term loans represent approximately 15 of the loan portfolio. 
 
 Residential First Mortgage Loans Proceeds of these loans are used to buy or refinance the purchase of residential real estate with the loan secured by a first lien on the real estate. Most of the residential mortgage loans originated by the Banks (including servicing rights) are sold in the secondary mortgage market due to the higher interest rate risk inherent in the 15 and 30 year fixed rate terms consumers prefer. Loans that are originated and not sold in the secondary market generally have fixed rates of up to fifteen years. The maximum amortization of first mortgage residential real estate loans is 30 years. First mortgage residential loans are also referred to an unaffiliated company that originates these loans in exchange for a fee. The loan-to-value ratios normally do not exceed 90 without credit enhancements such as mortgage insurance. Property insurance is required on all loans to protect the Banks collateral position. 

7

Table of Contents 

Home Equity Term Loans These loans are normally for the purpose of home improvement or other consumer purposes and are secured by a junior mortgage on residential real estate. Loan-to-value ratios normally do not exceed 90 of market value. 
 
 Home Equity Lines of Credit - The Banks offer a home equity line of credit generally with a maximum term of 60 months unless the rate is variable, in which case the maximum term may be up to 15 years. These loans are secured by a junior mortgage on the residential real estate and normally do not exceed a loan-to-market value ratio of 90 with the interest adjusted quarterly. Residential first mortgage loans, home equity term loans and home equity lines of credit represent approximately 23 of the loan portfolio. 
 
 Consumer Loans Consumer loans are normally made to consumers under the following guidelines. Automobiles - loans on new and used automobiles generally will not exceed 90 and 75 of the value, respectively. Recreational vehicles and boats will not exceed 90 and 66 of the value, respectively. Each of these loans is secured by a first priority lien on the assets and requires insurance to protect the Banks collateral position. Unsecured - Terms for unsecured loans generally do not exceed 12 months. Consumer and other loans represent approximately 1 of the loan portfolio. 
 
 Investments available-for-sale 
 
 The investment policy of the Company generally is to invest funds among various categories of investments and maturities based upon the Company s need for liquidity, to achieve the proper balance between its desire to minimize risk and maximize yield, and to fulfill the Company s asset/liability management policies. The Company s investment portfolios are managed in accordance with a written investment policy adopted by the Board of Directors. It is the Company s general policy to purchase investment securities which are U.S. Government securities, U.S. government agency, state and local government obligations, corporate debt securities and overnight federal funds. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 The Company is a bank holding company of six community banks, headquartered in Ames, Iowa. Our workforce is located in the following Iowa communities: Ames, Ankeny, Boone, Creston, Garner, Lenox, Marshalltown, Nevada, Osceola, Story City and West Des Moines. Our markets are comprised of metropolitan and rural areas alike, which results in a diversified customer base and workforce. 
 
 The Board of Directors is responsible for the benefit programs offered to our employees. The Company has a human resources officer, as does each affiliate Bank. The Presidents of the Banks and the human resources officers are responsible for compensation, recruitment, development and retention. The Company annually reviews a succession plan for key employees. 
 
 The Company employs approximately 270 employees, of which 94 are full-time employees and the remaining 6 are part-time employees. Of the 270 employees, 125 employees were considered officers of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 64 of our current workforce was female and 36 was male. Approximately 4 of our workforce consisted of ethnically diverse employees as of December 31, 2022. There are no labor unions involved with the Company and we consider our relationship with our employees to be satisfactory. There are no employment contracts between the Company and any of its employees as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As part of our compensation philosophy, we believe that we must offer and maintain market competitive compensation and benefit programs for our employees in order to attract and retain talent. The goal of our compensation program is to create superior long-term value for our stockholders by attracting, motivating and retaining outstanding employees who serve our customers while generating financial performance that is consistently better than our peers. In addition to competitive base wages, the Company provides its employees with a comprehensive program of benefits, including comprehensive medical, vision and dental plans, long-term and short-term disability coverage, employee assistance programs, a 401(k) profit sharing plan, and a cash bonus based on bank performance. Our approach also produces longevity in our workforce. The average tenure of our employees is approximately eleven years. 
 
 The Company is committed to improving our recruiting and retention related to diversity and inclusion. To such ends, the Company has developed a Diversity and Inclusion Vision Statement. As the Company prepares for the workforce of the future, we are mindful of the importance of diversity and inclusion as a core component of these efforts. 

8

Table of Contents 

Social/Sustainability 
 
 The Company encourages our employees to be engaged in our communities. This engagement consists of sponsorship of local activities and donations to charitable organizations in our communities. The United Way is one organization that our Company and employees are involved with through time and generous donations. 
 
 The Company contributed over 190 thousand to various charitable and community organizations in 2022. Company employees volunteered approximately 10,000 hours serving various charitable organizations in our Banks communities. A number of our employees serve in leadership positions for nonprofit or community service organizations. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 The Board of Directors has separated the CEO and Board Chair positions, with the Board Chair being a director who is independent under the NASDAQ governance standards. Ten of the twelve board members are independent directors. All directors serving on Board committees are independent under NASDAQ governance standards. The Company has established an age limitation policy for directors. Three of the twelve directors are female. All directors own Company stock and in their capacities as directors of the Banks participated in the Director Stock Incentive Plan adopted by each of the Banks. The Company CEO is excluded from the Director Stock Incentive Plan. Certain transactions in Company stock are prohibited, including short-selling and hedging. 
 
 A significant portion of compensation of the executive officers is dependent on Company s operating results. Executive officer performance is evaluated annually. The Company provides a limited amount of perquisites to its executive officers. 
 
 Market Area 
 
 The Company operates six commercial banks with locations in Boone, Clarke, Hancock, Marshall, Polk, Story, Taylor and Union Counties in central, north-central and south-central Iowa that all offer a full line of business and consumer loan and retail and commercial deposit services. All banks, except Reliance Bank, offer wealth management services. 
 
 First National is headquartered in Ames, Iowa with a population of 65,500. The major employers are Iowa State University, Ames Laboratory, Iowa Department of Transportation, Mary Greeley Medical Center, Ames Community Schools, City of Ames, Danfoss and McFarland Clinic. First National maintains three offices in the Des Moines metro area with a population of approximately 709,000. The major employers in the Des Moines metro market are State of Iowa, Principal Financial Group, Wells Fargo, UnityPoint Health, Mercy Medical Center, Nationwide Insurance, Corteva Agriscience, Hy-Vee Food Corp and John Deere. First National maintains two offices in Osceola, Iowa with a population of 5,400. Osceola is the county seat of Clarke County. The major employers in Clarke County are Hormel Foods, Miller Products Co., SIMCO Drilling Equipment, Inc., Clarke County Hospital, Lakeside Casino, Paul Mueller Company and Boyt Harness Company. Loan services include primarily commercial and consumer types of credit including operating lines, equipment loans and real estate loans. 
 
 Boone Bank is located in Boone, Iowa with a population of 12,500. Boone is the county seat of Boone County. The major employers are Fareway Stores, Inc., Iowa National Guard, Union Pacific Railroad, Boone County Hospital and CDS Global. Boone Bank provides lending services to the agriculture, commercial and real estate markets. 
 
 State Bank is located in Nevada, Iowa with a population of 7,000. Nevada is the county seat of Story County. The major employers are Story County Medical Center, Mid-American Manufacturing, Mid-States Millwright Builders, Inc., Burke Corporation and Almaco. State Bank provides various types of loans with a major agricultural presence. 
 
 Reliance Bank is headquartered in Story City, Iowa with a population of 3,400. The major employers in the Story City area are Bethany Manor, American Packaging, M.H. Eby, Inc. and Record Printing. The Bank also maintains an office in Garner, Iowa with a population of 3,100. Garner is the county seat of Hancock County. The major employers in the Garner area are Iowa Mold Tooling and Stellar Industries. All locations are in agricultural areas and the Bank has a strong presence in this type of lending. 
 
 United Bank is located in Marshalltown, Iowa with a population of 27,600. The major employers are Iowa Veterans Home, Marshalltown School District, JBS Swift Co., Emerson Process Management/Fisher Division, Lennox Industries and UnityPoint Health. Marshalltown is the county seat of Marshall County. Loan services include primarily commercial and consumer types of credit including operating lines, equipment loans and real estate loans. 
 
 Iowa State Bank is headquartered in Union County in Creston, Iowa with a population of 7,600. Iowa State Bank has one additional office in Creston and an additional office located in Taylor County in Lenox, Iowa with a population of 1,500. The major employers are Bunn-O-Matic Corporation, Wellman Dynamics Corporation, Southwestern Community College, Greater Regional Medical Center and Michael Foods, Inc. Creston is the county seat of Union County. All locations are in agricultural areas and the Bank has a strong presence in this type of lending. 

9

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 
 The geographic market area served by the Banks is highly competitive with respect to both loans and deposits. The Banks compete principally with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, mortgage companies, finance divisions of auto and farm equipment companies, agricultural suppliers and other financial service providers. Some of these competitors are local, while others are statewide or nationwide. The major commercial bank competitors include First Interstate Bank, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, each of which maintains an office or offices within the Banks primary central Iowa trade areas. Among the advantages such larger banks have are their ability to finance extensive advertising campaigns and to allocate their investment assets to geographic regions of higher yield and demand. These larger banking organizations have much higher legal lending limits than the Banks and thus are better able to finance large regional, national and global commercial customers. 
 
 In order to compete with the other financial institutions in their primary trade areas, the Banks use, to the fullest extent possible, the flexibility which is accorded by independent status. This includes an emphasis on specialized services, local promotional activity and personal contacts by the Banks' officers, directors and employees. In particular, the Banks compete for deposits principally by offering depositors a wide variety of deposit programs, convenient office locations, hours and other services. The Banks compete for loans primarily by offering competitive interest rates, experienced local lending personnel and quality products and services. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 48 FDIC insured institutions having approximately 127 locations within Boone, Clarke, Hancock, Marshall, Polk, Story, Taylor and Union County, Iowa where the Banks' offices are located. First National, State Bank and Reliance Bank together have the largest percentage of deposits in Story County. Reliance Bank has the largest percentage of deposits in Hancock County. 
 
 The Banks also compete with the financial markets for funds. Yields on corporate and government debt securities and commercial paper affect the ability of commercial banks to attract and hold deposits. Commercial banks also compete for funds with equity, money market, and insurance products offered by brokerage and insurance companies. This competitive trend will likely continue in the future. 
 
 The Company anticipates bank competition will continue to change materially over the next several years as more financial institutions, including the major regional and national banks, continue to consolidate. Credit unions, which are not subject to income taxes, have a significant competitive advantage and provide additional competition in the Company s local markets. Financial technology, or fintech, companies and other non-bank competitors emerging provide competition in key areas of banking. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 The following discussion refers to certain statutes and regulations affecting the banking industry in general. These references provide brief summaries and therefore do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to those statutes and regulations. In addition, due to the numerous statutes and regulations that apply to and regulate the banking industry, many are not referenced below. 
 
 The Company and the Banks are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Regulation and supervision of financial institutions is primarily intended to protect depositors and the FDIC rather than shareholders of the Company. The laws and regulations affecting banks and bank holding companies have changed significantly over recent years. There is reason to expect that similar changes may continue in the future. Any change in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory policies may have a material effect on the business, operations and prospects of the Company. The Company is unable to predict the nature or the extent of the effects on its business and earnings that any fiscal or monetary policies or new federal or state legislation may have in the future. 
 
 The Company 
 
 The Company is a bank holding company by virtue of its ownership of the Banks, and is registered as such with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). The Company is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA"), which subjects the Company and the Banks to supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve. Under the BHCA, the Company files with the Federal Reserve annual reports of its operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require. 
 
 Source of Strength to the Banks. The Federal Reserve takes the position that a bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. In addition, it is the Federal Reserve's position that in serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks, bank holding companies should use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or adversity. It should also maintain the financial flexibility and capital raising capacity to obtain additional resources for providing assistance to its subsidiary banks. A bank holding company's failure to meet its obligation or to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks, will generally be considered by the Federal Reserve to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice, or a violation of the Federal Reserve's regulations, or both. 

10

Table of Contents 

Federal Reserve Approval. Bank holding companies must obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before they: (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting stock of any bank if, after such acquisition, they would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of the voting stock of such bank; (ii) merge or consolidate with another bank holding company; or (iii) acquire substantially all of the assets of any additional banks. 
 
 Non-Banking Activities. With certain exceptions, the BHCA also prohibits bank holding companies from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of voting stock in any company other than a bank or a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve finds the company's business to be incidental to the business of banking. When making this determination, the Federal Reserve in part considers whether allowing a bank holding company to engage in those activities would offer advantages to the public that would outweigh possible adverse effects. A bank holding company may engage in permissible non-banking activities on a de novo basis, if the holding company meets certain criteria and notifies the Federal Reserve within ten (10) business days after the activity has commenced. 
 
 Financial Holding Company. Under the Financial Services Modernization Act, eligible bank holding companies may elect (with the approval of the Federal Reserve) to become a "financial holding company." Financial holding companies are permitted to engage in certain financial activities through affiliates that had previously been prohibited activities for bank holding companies. Such financial activities include securities and insurance underwriting and merchant banking. At this time, the Company has not elected to become a financial holding company, but may choose to do so at some time in the future. 
 
 Control Transactions. The Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, requires a person or group of persons acquiring "control" of a bank holding company to provide the Federal Reserve with at least 60 days prior written notice of the proposed acquisition. Following receipt of this notice, the Federal Reserve has 60 days to issue a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition, but the Federal Reserve may extend this time period for up to another 30 days. An acquisition may be completed before the disapproval period expires if the Federal Reserve issues written notice of its intent not to disapprove the action. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, would constitute the acquisition of control. In addition, any "company" would be required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve under the BHCA before acquiring 25 (or 5 if the "company" is a bank holding company) or more of the outstanding shares of the Company, or otherwise obtain control over the Company. 
 
 Affiliate Transactions. The Company and the Banks are deemed affiliates within the meaning of the Federal Reserve Act, and transactions between affiliates are subject to certain restrictions. Generally, the Federal Reserve Act: (i) limits the extent to which the financial institution or its subsidiaries may engage in "covered transactions" with an affiliate; and (ii) requires all transactions with an affiliate, whether or not "covered transactions," to be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the institution or subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term "covered transaction" includes the making of loans, purchase of assets, issuance of a guarantee and similar transactions. 
 
 State Law on Acquisitions. Iowa law permits bank holding companies to make acquisitions throughout the state. However, Iowa currently has a deposit concentration limit of 15 on the amount of deposits in the state that any one banking organization can control and continue to acquire banks or bank deposits (by acquisitions), which applies to all depository institutions doing business in Iowa. 
 
 Banking Subsidiaries 
 
 Applicable federal and state statutes and regulations governing a bank's operations relate, among other matters, to capital adequacy requirements, required reserves against deposits, investments, loans, legal lending limits, certain interest rates payable, mergers and consolidations, borrowings, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches and dealings with affiliated persons. 
 
 First National is a national bank subject to primary federal regulation and supervision by the Office of Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). The FDIC, as an insurer of the deposits to the maximum extent permitted by law, also has some limited regulatory authority over First National, as a national bank. State Bank, Boone Bank, Reliance Bank, United Bank and Iowa State Bank are state banks subject to regulation and supervision by the Iowa Division of Banking. The state Banks are also subject to regulation and examination by the FDIC, which insures their respective deposits to the maximum extent permitted by law. The federal laws that apply to the Banks regulate, among other things, the scope of their business, their investments, their reserves against deposits, the timing of the availability of deposited funds and the nature and amount of and collateral for loans. The laws and regulations governing the Banks generally have been promulgated to protect depositors and the deposit insurance fund of the FDIC and not to protect stockholders of such institutions or their holding companies. 
 
 The OCC and FDIC each have authority to prohibit banks under their supervision from engaging in what it considers to be an unsafe and unsound practice in conducting their business. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA") requires federal banking regulators to adopt regulations or guidelines in a number of areas to ensure bank safety and soundness, including internal controls, credit underwriting, asset growth, management compensation, ratios of classified assets to capital and earnings. FDICIA also contains provisions which are intended to change independent auditing requirements, restrict the activities of state-chartered insured banks, amend various consumer banking laws, limit the ability of "undercapitalized banks" to borrow from the Federal Reserve's discount window, require regulators to perform periodic on-site bank examinations and set standards for real estate lending. 

11

Table of Contents 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 the Dodd-Frank Act . Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Banks are subject to regulations promulgated by the consumer protection bureau housed within the Federal Reserve, known as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the Bureau or CFPB ). The Bureau promulgates rules and orders with respect to consumer financial products and services and has substantial power to define the rights of consumers and responsibilities of lending institutions, such as the Banks. The Bureau will not, however, examine or supervise the Banks for compliance with such regulations; rather, enforcement authority will remain with the Banks primary federal regulator although the Banks may be required to submit reports or other materials to the Bureau upon its request. 
 
 Borrowing Limitations. Each of the Banks is subject to limitations on the aggregate amount of loans that it can make to any one borrower, including related entities. Subject to numerous exceptions based on the type of loans and collateral, applicable statutes and regulations generally limit loans to one borrower of 15 of total equity and reserves. Each of the Banks is in compliance with applicable loans to one borrower requirements. 
 
 FDIC Insurance . The deposit insurance coverage limit is 250,000 per depositor, per insured depository institution for each account ownership category. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based insurance assessment system under which depository institutions contribute funds to the FDIC insurance fund based on their risk classification. The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository institution if it determines after an administrative hearing that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law. 
 
 Capital Adequacy Requirements. The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC (collectively, the "Agencies") have adopted risk-based capital guidelines for banks and bank holding companies that are designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank holding companies and account for off-balance sheet items. The Agencies have also provided an optional community bank leverage ratio framework to provide a simple measure of capital adequacy for certain community banking organizations. Failure to achieve and maintain adequate capital levels may give rise to supervisory action through the issuance of a capital directive to ensure the maintenance of required capital levels. Each of the Banks is in compliance with capital level requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Basel III Capital Requirements. Basel III Capital Rules: (i) introduced a capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 and related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) specifies that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments meeting certain revised requirements; (iii) mandates that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital; and (iv) expanded the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital as compared to prior regulations. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, for most banking organizations, the most common form of Additional Tier 1 capital is non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and the most common form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allowance for loan and lease losses, in each case, subject to the Basel III Capital Rules specific requirements. 
 
 Pursuant to the Basel III Capital Rules, the Company and Banks are subject to regulatory capital adequacy requirements promulgated by the Federal Reserve and the OCC. Failure by the Company or Bank to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and discretionary actions by the regulators that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under the capital requirements and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and Banks must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company and Banks assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s and Banks capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 With respect to the Banks, the Basel III Capital Rules revised the Prompt Corrective Action PCA regulations adopted pursuant to Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, by: (i) introducing a CET1 ratio requirement at each PCA category (other than critically undercapitalized), with the required CET1 ratio being 6.5 for well capitalized status; (ii) increasing the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio requirement for each category, with the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio for well capitalized status being 8 ; and (iii) eliminating the provision that provides that a bank with a composite supervisory rating of 1 may have a 3 leverage ratio and still be adequately capitalized. The Basel III Capital Rules did not change the total risk-based capital requirement for any PCA category. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings for a large and risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. Government and agency securities to 600 for certain equity exposures, and resulting in high-risk weights for a variety of asset classes. 

12

Table of Contents 

Should the Company or Banks not meet the requirements of the Basel III Capital Rules, the Company and Banks would be subject to adverse regulatory action by their regulators, which action could result in material adverse consequences for the Company, Banks, and Company shareholders. 
 
 As a result of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, the federal banking agencies were required to develop a Community Bank Leverage Ratio (the ratio of a bank s tangible equity capital to average total consolidated assets) for financial institutions with assets of less than 10 billion. A qualifying community bank that exceeds this ratio will be deemed to be in compliance with all other capital and leverage requirements, including the capital requirements to be considered well capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action statutes. The federal banking agencies may consider a financial institution s risk profile when evaluating whether it qualifies as a community bank for purposes of the capital ratio requirement. Financial institutions first became eligible to elect to be subject to this new definition as of March 31, 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Banks exceeded all of their regulatory capital requirements and were designated as well capitalized under federal guidelines. See Note 15 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action. Regulations adopted by the Agencies impose even more stringent capital requirements under prompt corrective action. The FDIC and other Agencies must take certain "prompt corrective action" when a bank fails to meet capital requirements. The regulations establish and define five capital levels: (i) "well capitalized," (ii) "adequately capitalized," (iii) "undercapitalized," (iv) "significantly undercapitalized" and (v) "critically undercapitalized." Increasingly severe restrictions are imposed on the payment of dividends and management fees, asset growth and other aspects of the operations of institutions that fall below the category of being "adequately capitalized." Undercapitalized institutions are required to develop and implement capital plans acceptable to the appropriate federal regulatory agency. Such plans must require that any company that controls the undercapitalized institution must provide certain guarantees that the institution will comply with the plan until it is adequately capitalized. As of December 31, 2022, each of the Banks was categorized as well capitalized under regulatory prompt corrective action provisions. 
 
 Restrictions on Dividends. The dividends paid to the Company by the Banks are the major source of Company cash flow. Various federal and state statutory provisions limit the amount of dividends banking subsidiaries are permitted to pay to their holding companies without regulatory approval. Federal Reserve policy further limits the circumstances under which bank holding companies may declare dividends. For example, a bank holding company should not continue its existing rate of cash dividends on its common stock unless its net income is sufficient to fully fund each dividend and its prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with its capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued policy statements which provide that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Federal and state banking regulators may also restrict the payment of dividends by order. 
 
 First National Bank, as a national bank, generally may pay dividends, without obtaining the express approval of the OCC, in an amount up to its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years plus retained net profits up to the date of any dividend declaration in the current calendar year. Retained net profits as defined by the OCC, consists of net income less dividends declared during the period. Boone Bank, Reliance Bank, State Bank, United Bank and Iowa State Bank are also restricted under Iowa law to paying dividends only out of their undivided profits. Additionally, the payment of dividends by the Banks is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and the Banks generally are prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the Bank would be undercapitalized. 
 
 Reserves Against Deposits 
 
 Prior to March 26, 2020, the Federal Reserve required all depository institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily checking accounts) and non-personal time deposits. Generally, reserves of 3 had to be maintained against total transaction accounts of 640.6 million or less (subject to an exemption not in excess of the first 32.4 million of transaction accounts). A reserve of 18.246 million plus 10 of amounts in excess of 640.6 million had to be maintained in the event total transaction accounts exceeded 640.6 million. The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve could be used to satisfy applicable liquidity requirements. Because required reserves were maintained in the form of vault cash or a noninterest-bearing account at a Federal Reserve Bank, the effect of this reserve requirement was to reduce the earning assets of the Banks. 
 
 The Federal Reserve announced on March 15, 2020, that the reserve requirement ratios would be reduced to zero percent effective March 26, 2020. This action eliminated reserve requirements for all depository institutions. The annual indexation of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2023 is required by statute but will not affect depository institutions' reserve requirements, which will remain zero. Currently the Board has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements but retains the right to do so. 

13

Table of Contents 

Regulatory Enforcement Authority 
 
 The enforcement powers available to federal and state banking regulators are substantial and include, among other things, the ability to assess civil monetary penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. In general, enforcement actions must be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions, or inactions, may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. Applicable law also requires public disclosure of final enforcement actions by the federal banking agencies. 
 
 National Monetary Policies 
 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, the earnings and growth of the Banks are affected by the regulatory authorities policies, including the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply, credit conditions and interest rates. Among the instruments used to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. Government securities, changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits and the Federal Reserve Discount Rate, which is the interest rate charged member banks to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may also affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 
 The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have had a material impact on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to have a similar impact in the future. The U.S. Congress established three key objectives for monetary policy in the Federal Reserve Act: maximizing employment, stabilizing prices, and moderating long-term interest rates. The first two objectives are sometimes referred to as the Federal Reserve's dual mandate. Its duties have expanded over the years, and includes supervising and regulating banks, maintaining the stability of the financial system and providing financial services to depository institutions, the U.S. government, and foreign official institutions. The Federal Reserve conducts research into the economy and releases numerous publications. Also important in terms of effect on banks are controls on interest rates paid by banks on deposits and types of deposits that may be offered by banks. The Federal Open Market Committee FOMC ), a committee within the Federal Reserve System, is charged under the United States of America USA law with overseeing the nation's open market operations (i.e., the Federal Reserve Banks buying and selling of USA government securities). This Federal Reserve committee makes key decisions about interest rates and the growth of the USA money supply. The FOMC is the principal organization of USA national monetary policy. The Committee sets monetary policy by specifying the short-term objective for the Federal Reserve Bank's open market operations, which is usually a target level for the federal funds rate (the rate that commercial banks charge between themselves for overnight loans). 
 
 Availability of Information on Company Website 
 
 The Company files periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The Company makes available on or through its website free of charge all periodic reports filed by the Company with the SEC, including any amendments to such reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been electronically filed with the SEC. The internet address of the Company s website is: www.amesnational.com . 
 
 The Company will provide a paper copy of these reports free of charge upon written or telephonic request directed to John L. Pierschbacher, CFO, 405 5th Street, Ames, Iowa 50010 or (515) 232-6251 or by email request at info@amesnational.com . The information found on the Company s website is not part of this or any other report the Company files with the SEC. 

14

Table of Contents 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 The following table sets forth summary information about the executive officers of the Company and certain executive officers of the Banks. Each executive officer has served in his current position for the past five years with the exception of John P. Nelson, John L. Pierschbacher, Adam R. Snodgrass, Robert A. Thomas and Michael A. Wilson. Mr. Nelson was appointed president and chief executive officer of the Company on June 29, 2018. Mr. Pierschbacher was appointed chief financial officer of the Company on June 29, 2018. Mr. Snodgrass was appointed as president of Iowa State Bank on October 25, 2019. Mr. Thomas was appointed as president of United Bank on July 1, 2020. Michael A. Wilson was appointed as executive vice president of innovation and corporate services on September 30, 2022. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position with the Company or Bank and Principal Occupation and Employment During the Past Five Years 

Scott T. Bauer 
 60 
 President and Director of First National. 

Stephen C. McGill 
 68 
 President and Director of State Bank. 

John P. Nelson 
 56 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of the Company. Director and Chairman of State Bank and United Bank and Director of First National and Iowa State Bank; previously Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company. 

John L. Pierschbacher 
 63 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director and Secretary of the Company. Director and Chairman of Boone Bank and Reliance Bank; previously Controller of the Company. 

Jeffrey K. Putzier 
 61 
 President and Director of Boone Bank. 

Richard J. Schreier 
 55 
 President and Director of Reliance Bank. 

Adam R. Snodgrass 
 42 
 President and Director of Iowa State Bank; previously CEO, CFO and director of Iowa State Bank prior to the Iowa State Bank Acquisition 

Robert A. Thomas 
 63 
 President and Director of United Bank; previously Senior Loan Officer of United Bank. 

Michael A. Wilson 
 58 
 Executive Vice President of Innovation and Corporate Services; previously Chief Lending Officer of a privately held bank in Iowa. 

15

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Set forth below is a description of risk factors related to the Company s business, provided to enable investors to assess, and be appropriately apprised of, certain risks and uncertainties the Company faces in conducting its business. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this Report, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are also applicable to forward-looking statements contained in this Report and in other reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 
 
 Economic and Market Condition Risks 
 
 Changes in general business, economic and political conditions may adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 Our earnings and financial condition are affected by general business, economic and political conditions. For example, a depressed economic environment increases the likelihood of lower employment levels and recession, which could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. General business and economic conditions that could affect us include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets and the strength of the national and local economies in which we operate. Political conditions can also affect our earnings through the introduction of new regulatory policies, changes in tax laws and changes in trade policies. 
 
 Our financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of customers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer, is highly dependent upon the business environment not only in the markets where we operate but also in the state of Iowa generally and in the United States as a whole. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors: economic growth; efficient capital markets; low inflation; low unemployment; high business and investor confidence; and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity, or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; high unemployment; natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. 
 
 In particular, the national economy is now facing challenges due to the significant inflationary pressures that began building during late 2021 and throughout the course of 2022, resulting in significant upward pressure on consumer and wholesale prices. In response, the FOMC has initiated a series of increases in the short-term federal funds interest rate in an effort to dampen economic activity and bring the rate of inflation back to the FOMC s target range of two to three percent. These rate increases, which are expected to continue into and during 2023, have the potential to overly reduce economic activity and tip the domestic economy into a recessionary period of slower or negative growth. As noted above, a period of depressed economic activity could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation by, among other things, increasing the likelihood of borrower defaults on loan obligations, reducing collateral values and weakening demand for the Banks loan and deposit services. 
 
 Higher inflation may affect the Company s interest rates, provision for loan losses and general operating expenses. 
 
 Consumer inflation, as measured by the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers CPI has increased 6.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase in inflation creates upward pressure on the cost of hiring, training, and retaining employees, other general operating expense and interest rates. The challenge for the Company will be keeping wages competitive and maintaining general operating expenses at their current levels, while balancing a potential decrease in net interest income due to the Company s greater sensitivity to the repricing of its interest-bearing liabilities than its interest-earning assets in the short-term. The Company s provision for loan losses may be impacted by the borrower s ability to service their debt if inflation is prolonged. 

16

Table of Contents 

Credit Risks 
 
 The Company s business depends on our ability to successfully manage credit risk. 
 
 The operation of our business requires us to manage credit risk. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable to repay their loans according to their terms, and that the collateral securing repayment of their loans, if any, may not be sufficient to ensure repayment. In addition, there are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions and risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers. In order to successfully manage credit risk, we must, among other things, maintain disciplined and prudent underwriting standards, implement and observe appropriate procedures for monitoring our outstanding loans and ensure that our bankers follow those standards and procedures. The weakening of these standards or procedures for any reason, such as an attempt to attract higher yielding loans, a lack of discipline or diligence by our employees in underwriting and monitoring loans, our inability to adequately adapt policies and procedures to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting borrowers may negatively impact the quality of our loan portfolio, result in loan defaults, foreclosures and additional charge-offs and necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, therefore reducing our earnings. As a result, our inability to successfully manage credit risk could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The commercial real estate loan portfolio is a significant part of the Company s business and subject to the risk of fluctuating collateral values. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans were a significant portion of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. The market value of real estate securing these loans can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Adverse developments affecting real estate values in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio. Additionally, real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and the repayment of the loans generally is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. Economic events or governmental regulations outside of the control of the borrower or lender could negatively impact the future cash flow and market values of the affected properties. 
 
 If the loans that are collateralized by real estate become troubled and the value of the real estate has been significantly impaired, then we may not be able to recover the full contractual amount of principal and interest that was anticipated at the time of originating the loan, which could cause an increase in charge-offs, resulting in the need to increase our provision for loan losses and adversely affecting our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 If the Company s actual loan losses exceed the allowance for loan losses or increase significantly, the Company s net income will decrease. 
 
 We maintain an allowance for loan losses at a level believed to be adequate to absorb estimated losses inherent in the existing loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations; specific credit risks; credit loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political and regulatory conditions; and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. 
 
 Determination of the allowance is inherently subjective as it requires significant estimates and management s judgment of credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Continuing deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses to be funded through provision expense. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance and may require an increase in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of additional loan charge-offs, based on judgments different from those of management. Also, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses or increase significantly; we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance. Any increase in provision expense will result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

17

Table of Contents 

Loans to agricultural-related borrowers are subject to factors beyond the Company s control, including fluctuations in commodity and livestock prices, government trade policies and other risks, which could negatively impact the Company s loan portfolio. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio consists of loans to borrowers who are directly or indirectly affected by the health of the Iowa agricultural economy. An extended period of low commodity and/or livestock prices, together with other risks to which our agricultural borrowers are subject, including poor weather conditions, higher input costs, changes in governmental support programs and uncertainty regarding governmental mandates affecting ethanol production, could result in reduced cash flows and profit margins, negatively affecting these borrowers and making it more difficult for them to repay their loan obligations to us. Moreover, uncertainty as to the status of tariffs on products that our agricultural borrowers export to foreign markets could result in further volatility and deterioration of the price of agricultural products, providing further challenges and risk to our portfolio of agricultural loans. A general decline in the agricultural economy could also negatively affect us by reducing the value of agricultural real estate which secures some of our agricultural loans, creating the potential for greater losses if these borrowers are unable to repay their loans and we are forced to rely on this collateral. Moreover, a general decline in the agricultural economy could also negatively impact some of our commercial borrowers whose businesses are directly or indirectly dependent on the health of the agricultural economy. All of these risks, which are beyond our control, could produce losses in our loan portfolio and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity and Interest Rate Risks 
 
 Fair values of investments in the Company s securities portfolio may adversely change. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our securities portfolio was approximately 786.4 million. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of those securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rates, an unfavorable change in the liquidity of an investment, rating agency downgrades of the securities, reinvestment risk, liquidity risk, defaults by the issuer or individual mortgagors with respect to the underlying securities, and instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could result in realized losses that negatively impact earnings. The success of any investment activity is affected by general economic conditions. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity in the markets in which we hold securities could further reduce our liquidity and stockholders' equity. In 2022, the fair value of the securities portfolio has significantly declined due to rising interest rates. To mitigate these risks, we have access to lines of credit that provide additional liquidity, if needed. 
 
 Our investment securities are analyzed quarterly to determine whether, in the opinion of management, any of the securities have other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI). To the extent that any portion of the unrealized losses in our portfolio of investment securities is determined to have OTTI and is credit loss related, we will recognize a charge to our earnings in the quarter during which such determination is made, and our earnings and capital ratios will be adversely impacted. Generally, a fixed income security is determined to have OTTI when it appears unlikely that we will receive all of the principal and interest due in accordance with the original terms of the investment. In addition to credit losses, losses are recognized for a security having an unrealized loss if we have the intent to sell the security or if it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before collection of the principal amount. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The FOMC increased its target for the short-term federal funds interest rate by 4.25 in 2022 after remaining stable during 2021. Intermediate and longer-term rates increased in 2022 after remaining low in 2021. With interest rates significantly increasing during 2022 in response to inflationary pressure in the economy, the Company s challenge will be managing its interest expense, as the interest-bearing liabilities (deposits and other borrowings) reprice more quickly than earning assets (loans and investment securities), placing downward pressure on the net interest margin. A reduction in the net interest margin could negatively affect our results of operations, including earnings. In response to this challenge, we model quarterly the changes in income that would result from various changes in interest rates. Management believes our earning assets have the appropriate maturity and repricing characteristics to optimize earnings and interest rate risk positions. 

18

Table of Contents 

The inability to deploy liquidity may adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 Maintaining adequate liquidity is essential to the banking business. Excess liquidity or the inability to maintain liquidity through deposits, borrowing, sale of securities or other sources could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity. 
 
 We maintain liquidity primarily through customer deposits and through access to other short-term funding sources, including advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) overnight borrowings and purchased federal funds. If governmental programs or economic conditions change and generate excess liquidity due to increases in deposit balances, we might experience excess liquidity issues. Our efforts to monitor and manage liquidity risk may not be successful or sufficient to deal with dramatic or unanticipated increase or reductions in our liquidity. In such events, our cost of funds may decrease, but our investments options may become limited, thereby reducing our net interest income. This situation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company relies on dividends and other payments from its Banks for substantially all of its revenue. 
 
 We are a separate and distinct legal entity from our Banks, and we receive substantially all of our operating cash flows from dividends and other payments from our Banks. These dividends and payments are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our common stock. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amounts of dividends that our Banks may pay to us. In addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. In the event our Banks are unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to pay our obligations or pay dividends on our common stock. The inability to receive dividends from our Banks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 The Company may not be able to attract and retain key personnel and other skilled employees. 
 
 Our success depends, in large part, on the skills of our management team and our ability to retain, recruit and motivate key officers and employees. Our senior management team has significant industry experience, and their knowledge and relationships would be difficult to replace. None of our executive officers have employment agreements in keeping with the past practice of the Company and the Banks. Leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations or retirements will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. Competition for senior executives and skilled personnel in the financial services and banking industry is considerable, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. We need to continue to attract and retain key personnel and to recruit qualified individuals to succeed existing key personnel to ensure the continued growth and successful operation of our business. In addition, as a provider of commercial and agricultural banking services, we must attract and retain qualified banking personnel to continue to grow our business, and competition for such personnel can be intense. Our ability to effectively compete for senior executives and other qualified personnel by offering competitive compensation and benefit arrangements may be restricted by applicable banking laws and regulations. The loss of the services of any senior executive or other key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, to attract and retain personnel with appropriate skills and knowledge to support our business, we may offer a variety of benefits, which could reduce our earnings or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, data processing system failures, errors, data security breaches and customer or employee fraud. 
 
 There have been a number of publicized cases involving errors, fraud or other misconduct by employees of financial services firms in recent years. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper use of confidential information. Employee fraud, errors and employee and customer misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee errors or misconduct could also subject us to civil claims for negligence. 
 
 Although we maintain a system of internal controls and procedures designed to reduce the risk of loss from employee or customer fraud or misconduct and employee errors as well as insurance coverage to mitigate against some operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors and customer or employee fraud; these internal controls may fail to prevent or detect such an occurrence, or such an occurrence may not be insured or exceed applicable insurance limits. 

19

Table of Contents 

In addition, there have also been a number of cases where financial institutions have been the victim of fraud related to unauthorized wire and automated clearinghouse transactions. The facts and circumstances of each case vary but generally involve criminals posing as customers (i.e., stealing bank customers identities) to transfer funds out of the institution quickly in an effort to place the funds beyond recovery prior to detection. Although we have policies and procedures in place to verify the authenticity of our customers and prevent identity theft, we can provide no assurances that these policies and procedures will prevent all fraudulent transfers. In addition, although we have safeguards in place, it is possible that our computer systems could be infiltrated by hackers or other intruders resulting in loss, destruction or misuse of our data or confidential information about our customers. We can provide no assurances that these safeguards will prevent all unauthorized infiltrations or breaches. Identity theft, successful unauthorized intrusions and similar unauthorized conduct could result in reputational damage and financial losses to the Company. 
 
 An impairment charge of goodwill or other intangibles could have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Because the Company has grown in part through acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets are included in the consolidated assets reflected in our financial statements. Goodwill and intangible assets were 14.4 million as of December 31, 2022. Under generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we are required to test the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets at least annually or sooner if events occur that indicate impairment could exist. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a sustained decline in a reporting unit s fair value, legal and regulatory factors, operating performance indicators, competition and other factors. GAAP requires us to assign and then test goodwill at the reporting unit level. If over a sustained period of time we experience a decrease in our stock price and market capitalization, which may serve as an estimate of the fair value of our reporting unit, this may be an indication of impairment. If the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its net book value, we may be required to record goodwill impairment charges in the future. In addition, if the revenue and cash flows generated from any of our other intangible assets is not sufficient to support its net book value, we may be required to record an impairment charge. The amount of any impairment charge could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken. 
 
 Changes in accounting policies or accounting standards, or changes in how accounting standards are interpreted or applied, could materially affect how the Company reports its results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our accounting policies are fundamental to determining and understanding our results of operation and financial condition. Some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Any changes in our accounting policies could materially affect our financial statements. From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, the SEC, banking regulators and our outside auditors) may change positions on how these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially affect how we report our results of operations and financial condition. We may be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently and retroactively, which may result in the Company being required to restate prior period financial statements in material amounts. Changes in these standards are continuously occurring, and given the current economic and regulatory environment, more significant changes may occur. The implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments," which replaces the current "incurred loss" model for recognizing credit losses with an "expected loss" model referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss model, or CECL. Under the CECL model, which we must adopt as of January 1, 2023, we will be required to present certain financial assets carried at amortized cost, such as loans held for investment, at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is to be based on information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. This measurement will take place at the time the financial asset is first added to the balance sheet and periodically thereafter. The CECL model differs significantly from the "incurred loss" model required under current GAAP, which delays recognition until it is probable a loss has been incurred. Accordingly, we expect that the adoption of the CECL model will materially affect how we determine our allowance for loan losses and could require us to significantly increase our allowance. Moreover, the CECL model may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for loan losses. 
 
 The Company is currently finalizing the CECL model and upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 (CECL) in the first quarter of 2023 anticipates an increase to the allowance for credit losses for loans and unfunded commitments liability of approximately 600 thousand to 1.0 million. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report for further discussion. 

20

Table of Contents 

The Company s accounting policies and methods require management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods in order to ensure they comply with GAAP and reflect management's judgment as to the most appropriate manner in which to record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances. The application of that chosen accounting policy or method might result in us reporting different amounts than would have been reported under a different alternative. If management's estimates or assumptions are incorrect, we may experience a material loss. 
 
 We have identified three accounting policies as being "critical" to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations because they require management to make particularly subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. These critical accounting policies relate to (1) the fair value and possible impairment losses on investment securities available for sale, (2) the allowance for loan losses, and (3) impairment of goodwill. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the estimates required to apply these policies, no assurance can be given that application of alternative policies or methods might not result in the reporting of different amounts of the fair value of securities available for sale, the allowance for loan losses, goodwill valuation and, accordingly, net income. 
 
 The Company s operations are concentrated in Iowa. 
 
 Our operations are concentrated primarily in central, north-central and south-central Iowa. As a result of this geographic concentration, our results of operations may correlate to the economic conditions in this area. Any deterioration in economic conditions in central, north-central or south-central Iowa, particularly in the industries on which the area depends (including agriculture which, in turn, is dependent upon commodity prices, weather conditions, trade policies and government support programs), may adversely affect the quality of our loan portfolio and the demand for our products and services, and accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Damage to the Company s reputation could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business depends upon earning and maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, investors, and employees. Damage to our reputation could cause significant harm to our business. Harm to our reputation could arise from numerous sources, including employee misconduct, compliance failures, litigation, breach of information security or other cybersecurity events, or governmental investigations, among other things. In addition, a failure to deliver appropriate standards of service, or a failure or perceived failure to treat customers and clients fairly could result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation, breach of information security, and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which could lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to our reputation. Adverse publicity about us, whether or not true, may also result in harm to our business. Should any events or circumstances that could undermine our reputation occur, there can be no assurance that the additional costs and expenses that we may incur in addressing such issues would not adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in technology could be costly or difficult to implement. 
 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to improving customer services, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements and there is a risk we could become less competitive if we are unable to take advantage of these improvements due to the cost limitations, difficulties in implementation or otherwise. 

21

Table of Contents 

A breach of information security, compliance breach, or error by one of the Company s agents or vendors could negatively affect the Company s reputation and business. 
 
 We depend on data processing, communication and information exchange on a variety of computing platforms and networks over the Internet. A cyber-attack on our systems could result in the theft, loss or destruction of our information or the theft or improper use of confidential information about our customers, any of which could harm our reputation and expose us to financial losses. We cannot be certain all of our systems are entirely free from vulnerability to attack, despite safeguards which have been installed. We also outsource certain key aspects of our data processing and communication to certain third-party providers. While we have selected these third-party providers carefully, we cannot control their actions or their degree of compliance with their own systems of internal control. If information security is breached, or one of our service providers or vendors breaches compliance procedures, our or our customers information could be lost or misappropriated, resulting in financial loss or costs to us or damage to our customers or others. If information security is breached either on our systems or those of our vendors, our financial condition, results of operations, reputation and future prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 Strategic and External Risks 
 
 The Company may have difficulty continuing to grow, and even if we do grow, our growth may strain our resources and limit our ability to expand operations successfully. 
 
 Our future profitability will depend in part on our continued ability to grow both loans and deposits; however, we may not be able to sustain our historical growth rate or be able to grow at all. In addition, our future success will depend on competitive factors and on the ability of our senior management to continue to maintain an appropriate system of internal controls and procedures and manage a growing number of customer relationships. We may not be able to implement changes or improvements to these internal controls and procedures in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. Consequently, continued growth, if achieved, may place a strain on our operational infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company faces competition from other financial institutions. 
 
 The banking and financial services business in our market area continues to be a highly competitive field and is becoming more competitive as a result of: 

changes in regulations; 

changes in technology and product delivery systems; 

the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial services providers; and 

financial technology, or fintech, companies emerging in key areas of banking. 

It may be difficult for us to compete effectively in the market, and our results of operations could be adversely affected by the nature or pace of change in competition. We compete for loans, deposits and customers with various bank and non-bank financial services providers, many of which are much larger in total assets and capitalization, have greater access to capital markets, offer a broader array of financial services or, in the case of credit unions, do not pay federal income taxes. Our strategic planning efforts continue to focus on capitalizing on our strengths in local markets while working to identify opportunities for improvement to gain competitive advantages. 
 
 Federal Government spending and increase in monetary supply could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The banking and financial services business is negatively affected by increased federal government spending and increases in monetary supply. The increase in the balances of customers deposit accounts due to government stimulus programs and increase in the monetary supply puts a strain on the Company s capital ratios. The increase in the money supply also contributes to inflation. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by these changes if continued over a period of time. 

22

Table of Contents 

The Company may be adversely affected by risks associated with completed and potential acquisitions. 
 
 We have in the past, and may in the future, acquire other financial institutions or bank offices when we believe such acquisitions support our business strategy. Acquisitions involve many risks including: (i) incurring time and expense associated with identifying, evaluating and negotiating potential acquisitions, resulting in management s attention being diverted from operation of our existing business, (ii) the risk that the acquired business will not perform to our expectations, including a failure to realize anticipated synergies or costs savings, (iii) entering markets in which we have limited or no direct prior experience, (iv) difficulties or increased expenses associated with integrating the operations of the acquired business, (v) the potential for claims or unexpected liabilities arising out of the acquired business, and (vi) the potential loss of key employees or customers of the acquired business. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions we may undertake. 
 
 Current and future government regulations may increase the Company s costs of doing business. 
 
 Current and future legislation and the policies established by federal and state regulatory authorities will affect our operations. We are subject to extensive supervision of, and examination by, federal and state regulatory authorities which may limit our growth and the return to our shareholders by restricting certain activities, such as: 

the payment of dividends to our shareholders; 

the payment of dividends to the Company by the Banks; 

possible mergers with or acquisitions of or by other institutions; 

investment policies; 

loans and interest rates on loans; 

interest rates paid on deposits; 

expansion of branch offices; and/or 

the ability to provide or expand securities or trust services. 

The Dodd-Frank Act represented a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry within the United States and, among many other things, established the federal CFPB and required the CFPB and other federal agencies to implement many significant rules and regulations with which we must comply. Compliance with the law and regulations has resulted in additional costs, and not all the rules and regulations have been finalized. 
 
 We cannot predict what changes, if any, will be made to existing federal and state legislation and regulations or the effect that any changes may have on future business and earnings prospects, although the pace of the new and proposed regulations has slowed. The cost of compliance with future regulatory requirements may adversely affect our net income. 
 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism or other adverse external events could significantly impact our business. 
 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, widespread disease or pandemics, acts of war or terrorism or other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. In addition, such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue or cause us to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any of the events in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Risks related to the Company s Stock 
 
 The Company may not pay dividends on its common stock in the future . 
 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. However, our Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, change the amount or frequency of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. In addition, we are a bank holding company, and our ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve regarding capital adequacy and dividends. In addition, our ability to pay dividends depends primarily on our receipt of dividends from our Banks, the payment of which is subject to numerous limitations under federal and state banking laws, regulations and policies. See "Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation Dividends." As a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we may not be able to make, or may have to reduce or eliminate, the payment of dividends on our common stock. Any change in the level of our dividends or the suspension of the payment thereof could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

23

Table of Contents 

Risk related to volatility of the Company s stock. 
 
 The trading volume in our common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market is relatively limited compared to those of companies with larger capitalization listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the NASDAQ Global Markets, the New York Stock Exchange or other consolidated reporting systems or stock exchanges. A change in the supply or demand for our common stock, or other events affecting our business, may have a more significant impact on the price of our stock than would be the case for more actively traded companies. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company's office is housed in the main office of First National located at 405 5th Street, Ames, Iowa. There is a lease agreement between the Company and First National. In addition to the main office owned by First National, First National conducts its business through seven full-service offices, the West Ames office, North Grand office, Ankeny office, West Glen office, Valley Junction office, Downtown Osceola office, and Jeffreys Drive office. The West Ames and North Grand offices are located in Ames, Iowa. The Ankeny office is located in Ankeny, Iowa. The West Glen office is located in West Des Moines, Iowa and is leased from the Company. The Valley Junction office is located in West Des Moines, Iowa. The Downtown Osceola and Jefferies Drive offices are located in Osceola, Iowa. A portion of the Ankeny and West Glen offices are leased to tenants for business purposes. 
 
 State Bank conducts its business from its main office located at 1025 Sixth Street, Nevada, Iowa. 
 
 Boone Bank conducts its business from its main office located at 716 Eighth Street, Boone, Iowa and from one additional office also located in Boone, Iowa. 
 
 Reliance Bank conducts its business from its main office located at 606 Broad Street, Story City, Iowa. Reliance also has a full-service office located in Garner, Iowa. A portion of the Story City office is leased to tenants for residential and business purposes. 
 
 United Bank conducts its business from its main office located at 2101 South Center Street, Marshalltown, Iowa and from a drive-up facility also located in Marshalltown, Iowa. 
 
 Iowa State Bank s main office is located at 401 West Adams Street, Creston, Iowa. In addition to its main office, Iowa State Bank conducts its business through two full-service offices, the Highway 34 office and Lenox office. The Highway 34 office is located in Creston, Iowa. 
 
 All of the Bank offices are owned by the respective Banks, with the exception of First National s West Glen office which is owned by the Company and leased to First National. All of the properties owned by the Banks are free of any mortgages. The West Glen office owned by the Company is subject to a 3.7 million mortgage. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Banks are from time-to-time parties to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. The Company believes that there is no threatened or pending proceeding against the Company or the Banks, which, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company or the Banks. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

24

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company had approximately 249 shareholders of record and approximately 3,298 additional beneficial owners whose shares were held in nominee titles through brokerage or other accounts. The Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ATLO . Trading in the Company s common stock is, however, relatively limited. The closing price of the Company s common stock was 24.22 on February 28, 2023. 
 
 The Company declared aggregate annual cash dividends in 2022 and 2021 of approximately 9.7 million and 11.8 million, respectively, or 1.08 per share in 2022 and 1.29 per share in 2021. Dividends are typically declared in one quarter and then paid in the subsequent quarter. Beginning in July 2020 the dividends were declared and paid in the same quarter before returning to the previous practice in August 2021. In February 2023, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of approximately 2.4 million or 0.27 per share, payable on May 15, 2023. 
 
 The decision to declare cash dividends in the future and the amount thereof rests within the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company and will be subject to, among other things, the future earnings, capital requirements and financial condition of the Company and certain regulatory restrictions imposed on the payment of dividends by the Banks. Such restrictions are discussed in greater detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and in Note 15 (Regulatory Matters) to the Company s financial statements included herein. 
 
 The Company does not maintain or sponsor any equity compensation plans covering the directors, its executives or employees of the Company or the Banks. 
 
 On November 14, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a Stock Repurchase Plan which provided for the repurchase of up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock. This Stock Repurchase Plan replaced the previous Stock Repurchase Plan (approved in November 2021) that expired in November 2022. The Company purchased 100,000 shares in 2022 and 30,580 shares in 2021 under the Stock Repurchase Plans that were in effect during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of the Company s common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Total 

Number 

Maximum 

of Shares 

Number of 

Purchased as 

Shares that 

Total 

Part of 

May Yet Be 

Number 

Average 

Publicly 

Purchased 

of Shares 

Price Paid 

Announced 

Under 

Period 
 
 Purchased 

Per Share 

Plans 

The Plan 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 (1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 (1) and (2) 

- 

- 

- 

100,000 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (2) 

- 

- 

- 

100,000 

Total 

- 

- 

(1) The Stock Repurchase Plan adopted in November 2021 expired in November 2022 and no shares remain available for purchase under this plan. 
 (2) A successor Stock Repurchase Plan was approved and became effective on November 14, 2022 and authorized the purchase of up to 100,000 shares. This plan is scheduled to expire on November 8, 2023. No shares were purchased under this plan during November or December 2022. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 Not applicable. 

25

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 
 The following financial data of the Company for the three years ended December 31, 2020 through 2022 is derived from the Company's historical audited financial statements and related footnotes. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Years Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA 

Interest income 

61,553 

60,482 

62,941 

Interest expense 

8,309 

4,485 

8,098 

Net interest income 

53,244 

55,997 

54,843 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

(874) 

(757) 

5,681 

Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses 

54,118 

56,754 

49,162 

Noninterest income 

9,687 

10,537 

10,620 

Noninterest expense 

38,644 

36,618 

36,551 

Income before provision for income tax 

25,161 

30,673 

23,231 

Provision for income taxes 

5,868 

6,760 

4,381 

Net income 

19,293 

23,913 

18,850 

DIVIDENDS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE DATA 

Cash dividends declared 

9,739 

11,753 

6,859 

Cash dividends declared per share 

1.08 

1.29 

0.75 

Basic and diluted earnings per share 

2.14 

2.62 

2.06 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

9,033,410 

9,114,379 

9,148,244 

BALANCE SHEET DATA 

Total assets 

2,134,926 

2,137,041 

1,975,648 

Net loans 

1,226,011 

1,144,108 

1,129,505 

Deposits 

1,897,957 

1,878,019 

1,716,446 

Stockholders' equity 

149,098 

207,778 

209,486 

Equity to assets ratio 

6.98 

9.72 

10.60 

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 

Net income 

19,293 

23,913 

18,850 

Average assets 

2,134,947 

2,082,705 

1,866,188 

Average stockholders' equity 

168,752 

209,135 

198,880 

Return on assets (net income divided by average assets) 

0.90 

1.15 

1.01 

Return on equity (net income divided by average equity) 

11.43 

11.43 

9.48 

Net interest margin (net interest income divided by average earning assets) 

2.55 

2.83 

3.13 

Efficiency ratio (noninterest expense divided by noninterest income plus net interest income) 

61.41 

55.04 

55.83 

Dividend payout ratio (dividends per share divided by net income per share) 

50.47 

49.24 

36.41 

Dividend yield (dividends per share divided by closing year-end market price) 

4.57 

5.27 

3.12 

Equity to assets ratio (average equity divided by average assets) 

7.90 

10.04 

10.66 

Dividends are typically declared in one quarter and then paid in the subsequent quarter. Beginning in July 2020 the dividends were declared and paid in the same quarter before returning to the previous practice in August 2021. 

See page 31 for further discussion of this Non-GAAP financial measure. 

The following discussion is provided for the consolidated operations of the Company and its Banks. The purpose of this discussion is to focus on significant factors affecting the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 

26

Table of Contents 

The Company does not engage in any material business activities apart from its ownership of the Banks. Products and services offered by the Banks are for commercial and consumer purposes, including loans, deposits and wealth management services. Some Banks also offer investment services through a third-party broker-dealer. The Company employs 19 individuals to assist with financial reporting, human resources, marketing, audit, compliance, technology systems, property appraisals, training and the coordination of management activities, in addition to 247 full-time equivalent individuals employed by the Banks. 
 
 The Company s primary competitive strategy is to utilize seasoned and competent Bank management and local decision-making authority to provide customers with prompt response times and flexibility in the products and services offered. This strategy is viewed as providing an opportunity to increase revenues through the creation of a competitive advantage over other financial institutions. The Company also strives to remain operationally efficient to improve profitability while enabling the Banks to offer more competitive loan and deposit rates. 
 
 The principal sources of Company revenues and cash flows are: (i) interest and fees earned on loans made or held by the Company and Banks; (ii) interest on investments, primarily on bonds, held by the Banks; (iii) fees on wealth management services; (iv) service charges on deposit accounts maintained at the Banks; (v) merchant and card fees; (vi) gain on the sale of loans held for sale; and (vii) securities gains. The Company s principal expenses are: (i) interest expense on deposit accounts and other borrowings; (ii) salaries and employee benefits; (iii) data processing costs primarily associated with maintaining the Banks loan and deposit functions; (iv) occupancy expenses for maintaining the Banks facilities; (v) professional fees; and (vi) business development. The largest component contributing to the Company s net income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on earning assets (primarily loans and investments) and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposit accounts and other borrowings). One of management s principal functions is to manage the spread between interest earned on earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities in an effort to maximize net interest income while maintaining an appropriate level of interest rate risk. 
 
 The Company reported net income of 19.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 23.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This represents a decrease in net income of 19.3 when comparing 2022 with 2021. The decrease in earnings in 2022 from 2021 is primarily the result of higher interest expense on deposits and fewer Paycheck Protection Program PPP fees recognized into income, offset in part by an increase in interest income on loans and taxable securities. Earnings per share for 2022 were 2.14 compared to 2.62 in 2021. All six Banks demonstrated profitable operations during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company s return on average equity was 11.43 in both 2022 and 2021. The return on average equity stayed the same due to a reduction in both earnings and equity. The return on average assets for 2022 was 0.90 compared to 1.15 in 2021. The decrease in return on average assets when comparing 2022 to 2021 was primarily a result of a reduction in earnings. 
 
 The following discussion will provide a summary review of important items relating to: 

Challenges, Risks and Uncertainties 

Key Performance Indicators 

Industry Results 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Income Statement Review 

Balance Sheet Review 

Asset Quality Review and Credit Risk Management 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Interest Rate Risk 

Inflation 

Forward-Looking Statements and Business Risks 

27

Table of Contents 

Challenges, Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 Management has identified certain events or circumstances that have the potential to negatively impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations in the future and is attempting to position the Company to best respond to those challenges. 

If interest rates continue to increase over a relatively short period of time due to higher inflationary numbers or other factors, the interest rate environment may present a challenge to the Company. Increases in interest rates may negatively impact the Company s net interest margin if interest expense increases more quickly than interest income, thus placing downward pressure on net interest income. The Company s earning assets (primarily its loan and investment portfolio) have longer maturities than its interest-bearing liabilities (primarily deposits and other borrowings); therefore, in a rising interest rate environment, interest expense will tend to increase more quickly than interest income as the interest-bearing liabilities reprice more quickly than earning assets, resulting in a reduction in net interest income. In response to this challenge, the Banks model quarterly the changes in income that would result from various changes in interest rates. Based on this modeling, management believes Bank earning assets currently have the appropriate maturity and repricing characteristics to optimize earnings and the Banks interest rate risk positions. 

If market interest rates in the three to five year term remain at low levels as compared to the short term interest rates, the interest rate environment may present a challenge to the Company. The Company s earning assets (typically priced at market interest rates in the three to five year range) will reprice at lower interest rates, but the deposits generally reprice at short term interest rates, therefore the net interest income may decrease. Management believes Bank earning assets currently have the appropriate maturity and repricing characteristics to optimize earnings and the Banks interest rate risk positions. 

The agricultural community is subject to commodity price fluctuations. Extended periods of low commodity prices, higher input costs or poor weather conditions could result in reduced profit margins, reducing demand for goods and services provided by agriculture-related businesses, which, in turn, could affect other businesses in the Company s market area. Moreover, changes in U.S. trade policy could create further volatility for commodities prices as the volume of exports of agricultural products to these foreign markets could be adversely impacted. Lastly, uncertainty regarding governmental mandates affecting ethanol production could reduce the demand for corn in the Company s trade area, thus introducing further price volatility for this commodity. Any combination of these factors could produce losses within the Company's agricultural loan portfolio and in the commercial loan portfolio with respect to borrowers whose businesses are directly or indirectly impacted by the health of the agricultural economy. Such losses could result in an accelerated level of charge-offs and the need to increase provision expenses, thus resulting in reduced earnings. 

The current economic environment, characterized by increasing interest rates in response to significant inflationary pressures in the economy and the potential for a period of slower or negative economic growth resulting from efforts to dampen economic activity, has heightened the level of challenges, risks and uncertainties facing our business, including the following: 

Market interest rates are expected to continue increasing during the course of 2023 in response to inflationary pressues on the economy which could adversely affect our net interest income, net interest margin and earnings; 

We may experience a potential slowdown in demand for our products and services, including the demand for traditional loans, although we believe the decline may be offset, in whole or in part, due to inflation and higher interest rates; 

We may experience an increase in risk of delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures, as well as declining collateral values and further impairment of the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, all of which may result in additional credit charges and other losses in our loan portfolio; 

Goodwill is currently evaluated for impairment quarterly and goodwill has been determined to not be impaired as of December 31, 2022. In the future goodwill may be impaired if the effects of the economic slowdown negatively impacts our net income and fair value. An impairment of goodwill would decrease the Company s earnings during the period in which the impairment is recorded; 

We have experienced a decline in the fair value of our investment portfolio as a result of the increasing interest rate environment. This trend may continue in the near term, which could result in impairment charges and increase the unrealized losses reported as part of our consolidated comprehensive income; and 

In meeting our objective to maintain our capital levels and liquidity position, our Board of Directors could reduce, or determine to altogether forego, payment of future dividends in order to maintain and/or strengthen our capital and liquidity position. 

28

Table of Contents 

Key Performance Indicators 
 
 Certain key performance indicators for the Company and the industry are presented in the following chart. The industry figures are compiled by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and are derived from 4,258 community banks and savings institutions insured by the FDIC. Management reviews these indicators on a quarterly basis for purposes of comparing the Company s performance from quarter to quarter against the industry as a whole. 
 
 Selected Indicators for the Company and the Industry 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Company 

Industry 

Company 

Industry 

Company 

Industry 

Return on assets 

0.90 

1.15 

1.15 

1.25 

1.01 

1.09 

Return on equity 

11.43 

12.01 

11.43 

11.61 

9.48 

9.72 

Net interest margin 

2.55 

3.45 

2.83 

3.27 

3.13 

3.39 

Efficiency ratio 

61.41 

61.36 

55.04 

61.42 

55.83 

62.34 

Capital ratio 

7.90 

10.51 

10.04 

10.16 

10.66 

10.32 

See page 31 for further discussion of this Non-GAAP financial measure. 

Key performance indicators include: 

Return on Assets 

This ratio is calculated by dividing net income by average assets. It is used to measure how effectively the assets of the Company are being utilized in generating income. The Company s return on assets ratio lower than the industry average for 2022. 

Return on Equity 

This ratio is calculated by dividing net income by average equity. It is used to measure the net income or return the Company generated for the shareholders equity investment in the Company. The Company s return on equity ratio was lower than the industry average for 2022. 

Net Interest Margin 

This ratio is calculated by dividing tax-equivalent net interest income by average earning assets. Earning assets consist primarily of loans and investments that earn interest. This ratio is used to measure how well the Company maintains interest rates on earning assets above those of interest-bearing liabilities, which is the interest expense paid on deposit accounts and other borrowings. The Company s net interest margin was lower than the industry average for 2022. 

Efficiency Ratio 

This ratio is calculated by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. The ratio is a measure of the Company s ability to manage noninterest expenses. The Company s efficiency ratio was similar to the industry average for 2022. 

29

Table of Contents 

Capital Ratio 

The capital ratio is calculated by dividing average total equity capital by average total assets. It measures the level of average assets that are funded by shareholders equity. Given an equal level of risk in the financial condition of two companies, the higher the capital ratio, generally the more financially sound the company. The Company s capital ratio was lower than the industry average for 2022. The Company s capital ratio for 2022 was lower than 2021 due to unrealized losses on the investment portfolio. Unrealized losses on the investment portfolio are excluded from regulatory capital. The Company s tier 1 to average assets capital ratio was 9.1 and 9.0 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The discussion contained in this Item 7 and other disclosures included within this Annual Report are based on the Company s audited consolidated financial statements which appear in Item 8 of this Annual Report. These statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The financial information contained in these statements is, for the most part, based on the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. However, the preparation of these statements requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 
 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements accompanying the Company s audited financial statements. Based on its consideration of accounting policies that involve the most complex and subjective estimates and judgments, management has identified the allowance for loan losses, the fair value determination of investment securities and the assessment of goodwill to be the Company s most critical accounting policies. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses that is treated as an expense and charged against earnings. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that collectability of the principal is unlikely. The Company has policies and procedures for evaluating the overall credit quality of its loan portfolio, including timely identification of potential problem loans. On a quarterly basis, management reviews the appropriate level for the allowance for loan losses, incorporating a variety of risk considerations, both quantitative and qualitative. Quantitative factors include the Company s historical loss experience, delinquency and charge-off trends, collateral values, known information about individual loans and other factors. Qualitative factors include various considerations regarding the general economic environment in the Company s market area. To the extent actual results differ from forecasts and management s judgment, the allowance for loan losses may be greater or lesser than future charge-offs. Due to potential changes in conditions, it is at least reasonably possible that change in estimates will occur in the near term and that such changes could be material to the amounts reported in the Company s financial statements. 
 
 For further discussion concerning the allowance for loan losses and the process of establishing specific reserves, see the section of this Annual Report entitled Asset Quality Review and Credit Risk Management and Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses . 
 
 The Company is currently finalizing the CECL model and upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 (CECL) in the first quarter of 2023 anticipates an increase to the allowance for credit losses for loans and unfunded commitments liability of approximately 600 thousand to 1.0 million. See Note 1 to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Fair Value of Investment Securities 
 
 The Company s securities available-for-sale portfolio is carried at fair value with fair value being defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset or liability is not adjusted for transaction costs. An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable, (iii) able to transact, and (iv) willing to transact. 
 
 Declines in the fair value of available-for-sale securities below their cost that are deemed to be other-than-temporary are reflected in earnings as realized losses. In estimating other-than-temporary impairment losses, management considers (1) the intent to sell the investment securities and the more likely than not requirement that the Company will be required to sell the investment securities prior to recovery (2) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost and (3) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. Due to potential changes in conditions, it is at least reasonably possible that changes in management s assessment of other-than-temporary impairment will occur in the near term and that such changes could be material to the amounts reported in the Company s financial statements. 

30

Table of Contents 

Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill arose in connection with four acquisitions consummated in previous periods. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more often if conditions indicate a possible impairment. For the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, determination of the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Impairment would arise if the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The Company completed a quantitative assessment of goodwill as of October 1, 2022 which indicated that goodwill was not impaired. Subsequently, the Company determined there were no adverse changes in criteria and key considerations to the previous assessment. Accordingly, the Company concluded that there is no impairment of goodwill as of December 31, 2022. Goodwill may be impaired in the future if actual future test results differ from the present evaluation of impairment due to changes in the conditions used in the current evaluation. An impairment of goodwill would decrease the Company s earnings during the period in which the impairment is recorded. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 This Annual Report contains references to financial measures that are not defined in GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial measures include the Company s presentation of net interest income and net interest margin on a fully taxable equivalent (FTE) basis. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures are widely used in the financial institutions industry and provide useful information to both management and investors to analyze and evaluate the Company s financial performance. Limitations associated with non-GAAP financial measures include the risks that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items included in these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently. These non-GAAP disclosures should not be considered an alternative to the Company s GAAP results. The following table reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of net interest income and net interest margin on an FTE basis to GAAP (dollars in thousands) . 

Reconciliation of net interest income and annualized net interest margin on an FTE basis to GAAP: 

2022 

2021 

Net interest income (GAAP) 

53,244 

55,997 

Tax-equivalent adjustment (1) 

690 

823 

Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) 

53,934 

56,820 

Average interest-earning assets 

2,114,234 

2,008,217 

Net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) 

2.55 

2.83 

Reconciliation of net interest income and annualized net interest spread on an FTE basis to GAAP: 

2022 

2021 

Net interest income (GAAP) 

53,244 

55,997 

Tax-equivalent adjustment (1) 

690 

823 

Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) 

53,934 

56,820 

Average assets 

2,134,947 

2,082,705 

Net interest spread on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) 

2.53 

2.73 

(1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an incremental federal income tax rate of 21 percent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, adjusted to reflect the effect of the nondeductible interest expense associated with owning tax-exempt securities and loans. 

31

Table of Contents 

Income Statement Review 
 
 The following highlights a comparative discussion of the major components of net income and their impact for the last two years. 
 
 Average Balances and Interest Rates 
 
 The following two tables are used to calculate the Company s non-GAAP net interest margin on an FTE basis. The first table includes the Company s average assets and the related income to determine the average yield on earning assets. The second table includes the average liabilities and related expense to determine the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The net interest margin is equal to the interest income less the interest expense divided by average earning assets. Refer to the net interest income discussion following the tables for additional detail. (dollars in thousands) 
 
 ASSETS 

2022 

2021 

Average 

Revenue/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Revenue/ 

Yield/ 

balance 

expense 

rate 

balance 

expense 

rate 

Interest-earning assets 

Loans (1) 

Commercial 

72,844 

3,381 

4.64 

105,265 

7,467 

7.09 

Agricultural 

95,029 

4,576 

4.82 

96,774 

3,993 

4.13 

Real estate 

985,084 

37,342 

3.79 

924,905 

35,697 

3.86 

Consumer and other 

16,200 

657 

4.06 

14,806 

672 

4.54 

Total loans (including fees) 

1,169,157 

45,956 

3.93 

1,141,750 

47,829 

4.19 

Investment securities 

Taxable 

742,675 

12,101 

1.63 

562,568 

8,861 

1.58 

Tax-exempt (2) 

134,710 

3,285 

2.44 

153,421 

3,918 

2.55 

Total investment securities 

877,385 

15,386 

1.75 

715,989 

12,779 

1.78 

Other interest-earning assets 

67,692 

901 

1.33 

150,478 

697 

0.46 

Total interest-earning assets 

2,114,234 

62,243 

2.94 

2,008,217 

61,305 

3.05 

Noninterest-earning assets 

Cash and due from banks 

23,390 

26,515 

Premises and equipment, net 

18,213 

16,971 

Other, less allowance for loan losses 

(20,890) 

31,002 

Total noninterest-earning assets 

20,713 

74,488 

TOTAL ASSETS 

2,134,947 

2,082,705 

(1) Average loan balance includes nonaccrual loans, if any. Interest income collected on nonaccrual loans has been included. 

(2) Tax-exempt income has been adjusted to a tax-equivalent basis using an incremental tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

32

Table of Contents 

Average Balances and Interest Rates (continued) 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

2022 

2021 

Average 

Revenue/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Revenue/ 

Yield/ 

balance 

expense 

rate 

balance 

expense 

rate 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Deposits 

Savings, interest-bearing checking and money markets accounts 

1,297,503 

5,498 

0.42 

1,212,935 

1,908 

0.16 

Time deposits 

206,401 

1,818 

0.88 

234,626 

2,434 

1.04 

Total deposits 

1,503,904 

7,316 

0.49 

1,447,561 

4,342 

0.30 

Other borrowed funds 

55,874 

993 

1.78 

40,705 

143 

0.35 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

1,559,778 

8,309 

0.53 

1,488,266 

4,485 

0.30 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities 

Noninterest-bearing checking 

397,436 

375,167 

Other liabilities 

8,981 

10,137 

Stockholders' equity 

168,752 

209,135 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

2,134,947 

2,082,705 

Net interest income (FTE) (3) 

53,934 

2.55 

56,820 

2.83 

Spread Analysis (FTE) (3) 

Interest income/average assets 

62,243 

2.92 

61,305 

2.94 

Interest expense/average assets 

8,309 

0.39 

4,485 

0.22 

Net interest income/average assets 

53,934 

2.53 

56,820 

2.73 

(3) Net interest income (FTE) and Spread Analysis (FTE) are non-GAAP financial measures. For further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this report. 

33

Table of Contents 

Rate and Volume Analysis 
 
 The rate and volume analysis is used to determine how much of the change in interest income or expense is the result of a change in volume or a change in interest rate. For example, real estate loan interest income increased 1.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Increased volume of real estate loans increased interest income in 2022 by 2.3 million and lower interest rates decreased interest income in 2022 by 654 thousand. 
 
 The following table sets forth, on a tax-equivalent basis, a summary of the changes in net interest income resulting from changes in volume and rates (in thousands). 

2022 Compared to 2021 

Volume 

Rate 

Total (1) 

Interest income 

Loans 

Commercial 

(1,926) 

(2,160) 

(4,086) 

Agricultural 

(73) 

656 

583 

Real estate 

2,299 

(654) 

1,645 

Consumer and other 

60 

(75) 

(15) 

Total loans (including fees) 

360 

(2,233) 

(1,873) 

Investment securities 

Taxable 

2,949 

291 

3,240 

Tax-exempt 

(467) 

(166) 

(633) 

Total investment securities 

2,482 

125 

2,607 

Other interest and dividend income 

(544) 

748 

204 

Total interest-earning assets 

2,298 

(1,360) 

938 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Deposits 

Savings, interest-bearing checking and money market 

147 

3,443 

3,590 

Time deposits 

(271) 

(345) 

(616) 

Total deposits 

(124) 

3,098 

2,974 

Other borrowed funds 

71 

779 

850 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

(53) 

3,877 

3,824 

Net interest income-earning assets 

2,351 

(5,237) 

(2,886) 

(1) 
 The change in interest due to both volume and yield/rate has been allocated to change due to volume and change due to yield/rate in proportion to the absolute value of the change in each. 

34

Table of Contents 

Net Interest Income 
 
 The Company s largest contributing component to net income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The volume of and yields earned on earning assets and the volume of and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities determine net interest income. Refer to the tables preceding this paragraph for additional detail. Interest earned and interest paid is also affected by general economic conditions, particularly changes in market interest rates, by government policies and the action of regulatory authorities. Net interest income divided by average earning assets is referred to as net interest margin. For the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's non-GAAP net interest margin was 2.55 and 2.83 , respectively, computed on an FTE basis. For further information, refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this report. 
 
 Net interest income during 2022 and 2021 totaled 53.2 million and 56.0 million, respectively, representing a 4.9 decrease in 2022 compared to 2021. Net interest income decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to fewer PPP fees recognized into income and an increase in market interest rates on core deposits. In addition to interest income on PPP loans, fee income of 218 thousand and 4.3 million was recognized into interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The high level of competition in the local markets will continue to put downward pressure on the net interest margin of the Company. Currently, the Company s primary market in Ames, Iowa, has fourteen banks, five credit unions and several other financial investment companies. Multiple banks are also located in the Company s other market areas in central, north-central and south-central Iowa creating similarly competitive environments. 
 
 Provision (Credit) for Loan Losses 
 
 The provision (credit) for loan losses reflects management's judgment of the expense to be recognized in order to maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses. The Company s credit for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 874) thousand compared to a credit for loan losses of 757) thousand for the previous year. Net loan charge-offs totaled 50 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net loan recoveries of 163 thousand for the previous year. The credit for loan losses in 2022 was primarily due to a reduction in specific reserves and offset in part by growth in the loan portfolio. The credit for loan losses in 2021 was primarily due to loan recoveries, a reduction in specific reserves, and improving economic conditions. Classified loans, excluding 1-4 family and consumer loans, decreased 24.7 million to 36.6 million in 2022 primarily due to improving credit quality. Refer to the Asset Quality Review and Credit Risk Management discussion for additional details with regard to loan loss provision expense. 
 
 Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to absorb probable losses in the current portfolio. This statement is based upon management's continuing evaluation of inherent risks in the current loan portfolio, current levels of classified assets and general economic factors. The Company will continue to monitor the allowance and make future adjustments to the allowance as conditions dictate. Due to potential changes in conditions and upon CECL adoption as described in Note 1, it is at least reasonably possible that change in estimates will occur in the near term and that such changes could be material to the amounts reported in the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Noninterest Income and Expense 
 
 Total noninterest income is comprised primarily of fee-based revenues from wealth management and trust services, bank-related service charges on deposit activities, net securities gains, merchant and card fees related to electronic processing of merchant and cash transactions and gain on the sale of loans held for sale. 
 
 Noninterest income during the years ended 2022 and 2021 totaled 9.7 million and 10.5 million, respectively. The decrease in noninterest income in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily due to fewer gains on sale of residential loans held for sale as refinancing volume has slowed and offset in part by an increase in wealth management income due to growth in assets under management and new account relationships. 
 
 Noninterest expense for the Company consists of all operating expenses other than interest expense on deposits and other borrowed funds. Salaries and employee benefits are the largest component of the Company s operating expenses and comprise 59 and 61 of noninterest expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Noninterest expense during the years ended 2022 and 2021 totaled 38.6 million and 36.6 million, respectively. The increase in noninterest expense is primarily due to data processing costs as a result of additional investments in technology and normal increases in salaries and benefits. The percentage of noninterest expense to average assets was 1.81 in 2022, compared to 1.76 during 2021. 

35

Table of Contents 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes for 2022 and 2021 was 5.9 million and 6.8 million, respectively. This amount represents an effective tax rate of 23.3 and 22.0 , respectively. The Company's federal income tax rate was 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2022 was due to a non-recurring 780 thousand adjustment to deferred taxes for the reduction in future Iowa bank franchise tax rates enacted in the second quarter of 2022. In 2021, the Company established a deferred tax valuation allowance of 396 thousand on a state tax net operating loss at the holding company. The effective tax rate in both years were also impacted by tax exempt interest income and New Markets Tax Credits. 
 
 Balance Sheet Review 
 
 The Company s assets are comprised primarily of loans and investment securities. The majority of average earning asset maturity or repricing dates are generally five years or less for the combined portfolios as the assets are funded for the most part by short term deposits with either immediate availability or less than one-year average maturities. This exposes the Company to risk regarding changes in interest rates. 
 
 Total assets were 2.13 billion in 2022 and approximately the same in 2021. The largest fluctuations in assets during 2022 was primarily due to higher unrealized losses on the investment portfolio as market interest rates have risen. In the same time period, increases in loan volume and purchases of investments were funded by federal funds sold and an increase in deposits and advances. 
 
 Loan Portfolio 
 
 Net loans as of December 31, 2022 totaled 1.23 billion, an increase of 7.2 from the 1.14 billion as of December 31, 2021. Loans increased primarily due to increases in the 1-4 family and commercial real estate loan portfolios. Loans are the primary contributor to the Company s revenues and cash flows. The average yield on loans was 218 and 241 basis points higher in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in comparison to the average tax-equivalent investment portfolio yields. 
 
 Types of Loans 
 
 The Company's loan portfolio consists of real estate, commercial, agricultural and consumer loans. As of December 31, 2022, gross loans totaled approximately 1.24 billion, which equals approximately 65.4 of total deposits and 58.1 of total assets. The Iowa State Average Report (consisting of 246 banks in the State of Iowa) loan to deposit ratio as of December 31, 2022 was 72 . As of December 31, 2022, the majority of the loans were originated directly by the Banks to borrowers within the Banks principal market areas. There are no foreign loans outstanding during the years presented. 
 
 Real estate loans include various types of loans for which the Banks hold real property as collateral and consist of loans primarily on commercial, agricultural, and multifamily properties and single-family residences. Real estate loans typically have fixed rates for up to five years, with the Company s loan policy permitting a maximum fixed rate maturity of up to 15 years. The majority of construction loan volume is provided to contractors to construct 1-4 family residence and commercial buildings. The Banks also originate residential real estate loans for sale to the secondary market for a fee. 
 
 Commercial loans consist primarily of loans to businesses for various purposes, including revolving lines to finance current operations, floor-plans, inventory and accounts receivable; capital expenditure loans to finance equipment and other fixed assets; and letters of credit. These loans generally have short maturities of less than five years, have either adjustable or fixed rates and are unsecured or secured by inventory, accounts receivable, equipment and/or real estate. 
 
 Agricultural loans play an important part in the Banks loan portfolios. Iowa is a major agricultural state and is a national leader in both grain and livestock production. The Banks play a significant role in their communities in financing operating, livestock and real estate activities for area producers. 
 
 Consumer loans include loans extended to individuals for household, family and other personal expenditures not secured by real estate. Most of the Banks consumer lending is for vehicles, consolidation of personal debts and home improvements. 
 
 The interest rates charged on loans vary with the degree of risk and the amount and maturity terms of the loan. Competitive pressures, market interest rates, the availability of funds and government regulation further influence the rate charged on a loan. The Banks follow a loan policy, which has been approved by both the board of directors of the Company and the Banks and is overseen by both Company and Bank management. These policies establish lending limits, review and grading criteria and other guidelines such as loan administration and allowance for loan losses. Loans are approved by the Banks board of directors and/or designated officers in accordance with respective guidelines and underwriting policies of the Company. Credit limits generally vary according to the type of loan and the individual loan officer s experience. Loans to any one borrower are limited by applicable state and federal banking laws. 

36

Table of Contents 

Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The contractual maturities of the Company's loan portfolio are as shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because individual borrowers may have the right to prepay loans with or without prepayment penalties (in thousands) . 

After one 

After five 

year but 

years but 

Within 

within 

within 

After 

one year 

five years 

15 years 

15 years 

Total 

Real Estate 

Construction 

28,237 

13,304 

5,634 

4,054 

51,229 

1-4 family residential 

9,075 

118,036 

116,875 

41,059 

285,045 

Commercial 

16,759 

336,389 

99,197 

86,708 

539,053 

Agricultural 

4,562 

25,131 

55,614 

74,112 

159,419 

Commercial 

28,659 

32,898 

14,568 

1,015 

77,140 

Agricultural 

79,830 

29,768 

3,261 

405 

113,264 

Consumer and other 

1,629 

8,526 

5,905 

110 

16,170 

Total loans 

168,751 

564,052 

301,054 

207,463 

1,241,320 

The following table shows the contractual maturities after one year of the Company s loan portfolio by fixed- and variable-rate loans as of December 31, 2022 in thousands ): 

After one 

After five 

year but 

years but 

within 

within 

After 

five years 

15 years 

15 years 

Fixed-rate loans 

Real Estate 

Construction 

8,455 

3,612 

2,044 

1-4 family residential 

113,518 

97,366 

2,378 

Commercial 

331,784 

70,322 

81 

Agricultural 

23,143 

21,738 

937 

Commercial 

30,403 

9,940 

- 

Agricultural 

27,225 

2,650 

405 

Consumer and other 

8,170 

5,903 

10 

Total fixed-rate loans 

542,698 

211,531 

5,855 

Variable-rate loans 

Real Estate 

Construction 

4,849 

2,022 

2,010 

1-4 family residential 

4,518 

19,509 

38,681 

Commercial 

4,605 

28,875 

86,627 

Agricultural 

1,988 

33,876 

73,175 

Commercial 

2,495 

4,628 

1,015 

Agricultural 

2,543 

611 

- 

Consumer and other 

356 

2 

100 

Total variable-rate loans 

21,354 

89,523 

201,608 

Total loans 

564,052 

301,054 

207,463 

37

Table of Contents 

Loans Held For Sale 
 
 There was 154 thousand of mortgage origination funding awaiting delivery to the secondary market as of December 31, 2022 and none as of December 31, 2021. Residential mortgage loans are originated by the Banks and sold to several secondary mortgage market outlets based upon customer product preferences and pricing considerations. The mortgages are sold in the secondary market to eliminate interest rate risk and to generate secondary market fee income. It is not anticipated at the present time that loans held for sale will become a significant portion of total assets. 
 
 Investment Portfolio 
 
 Total investments as of December 31, 2022 were 786.4 million, a decrease of 44.6 million or 5.4 from the prior year end. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the investment portfolio comprised 37 and 39 of total assets, respectively. The decrease in investments is primarily due to a decline in fair value of the portfolio due to interest rate increases during 2022. The decrease is offset in part by purchases of U.S. treasuries and municipal securities. 
 
 Management s process for obtaining and validating the fair value of investment securities is discussed in Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Investment Maturities as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The investments in the following table are reported by contractual maturity. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers of the securities may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties (in thousands) . 

After one 

After five 

year but 

years but 

Within 

within 

within 

After 

one year 

five years 

ten years 

ten years 

Total 

U.S. government treasuries 

16,614 

171,012 

19,971 

- 

207,597 

U.S. government agencies 

8,939 

62,477 

29,517 

- 

100,933 

U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 

447 

38,929 

77,365 

- 

116,741 

States and political subdivisions (1) 

13,133 

104,432 

157,768 

10,670 

286,003 

Corporate bonds 

5,557 

30,290 

39,317 

- 

75,164 

Total 

44,690 

407,140 

323,938 

10,670 

786,438 

Weighted average yield 

U.S. government treasuries 

1.45 

1.09 

1.32 

n/a 

1.14 

U.S. government agencies 

2.19 

1.83 

2.06 

n/a 

1.93 

U.S government mortgage-backed securities 

2.34 

1.88 

0.95 

n/a 

1.25 

States and political subdivisions (1) 

2.15 

2.10 

2.38 

2.44 

2.27 

Corporate bonds 

2.91 

2.82 

2.70 

n/a 

2.76 

Total 

1.99 

1.66 

1.97 

2.44 

1.82 

(1) Yields on tax-exempt obligations of states and political subdivisions have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 percent. 
 
 The Company's investment portfolio had an expected duration of 4.06 years and 4.07 years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

38

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s investment securities portfolio included securities issued by 289 and 298 government municipalities and agencies located within 30 and 28 states with a fair value of 286.0 million and 292.9 million, respectively. No one municipality or agency represents a concentration within this segment of the investment portfolio. Storm Lake, Iowa, general obligation bonds with a fair value of 5.5 million (approximately 1.9 of the fair value of the government municipalities and subdivisions) represent the largest exposure to any one municipality or subdivision for the Company as of December 31, 2022; the bonds are repayable from the levy of continuing annual tax on all the taxable property within the territory of the city of Storm Lake. 
 
 The Company s procedures for evaluating investments in states, municipalities and political subdivisions include but are not limited to reviewing the offering statement and the most current available financial information, comparing yields to yields of bonds of similar credit quality, confirming capacity to repay, assessing operating and financial performance, evaluating the stability of tax revenues, considering debt profiles and local demographics, and for revenue bonds, assessing the source and strength of revenue structures for municipal authorities. These procedures, as applicable, are utilized for all municipal purchases and are utilized in whole or in part for monitoring the portfolio of municipal holdings. The Company does not utilize third party credit rating agencies as a primary component of determining if the municipal issuer has an adequate capacity to meet the financial commitments under the security for the projected life of the investment, and, therefore, does not compare internal assessments to those of the credit rating agencies. Credit rating downgrades are utilized as an additional indicator of credit weakness and as a reference point for historical default rates. 
 
 The following table summarizes the total general obligation and revenue bonds in the Company s investment securities portfolios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 identifying the state in which the issuing government municipality or agency operates (in thousands) : 

2022 

2021 

Estimated 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions: 

General Obligation bonds: 

Iowa 

66,168 

60,884 

72,128 

72,830 

Texas 

29,750 

26,241 

24,742 

24,953 

Nebraska 

20,165 

16,845 

19,546 

19,486 

Oregon 

11,049 

10,079 

4,757 

4,864 

Washington 

10,911 

9,898 

11,013 

11,241 

Other (2022: 16 states; 2021: 16 states) 

42,028 

37,804 

36,614 

36,753 

Total general obligation bonds 

180,071 

161,751 

168,800 

170,127 

Revenue bonds: 

Iowa 

57,330 

53,649 

61,718 

62,181 

Texas 

14,824 

12,680 

11,898 

12,090 

Nebraska 

9,777 

8,265 

9,727 

9,636 

Other (2022: 23 states; 2021: 21 states) 

55,177 

49,658 

38,405 

38,825 

Total revenue bonds 

137,108 

124,252 

121,748 

122,732 

Total obligations of states and political subdivisions 

317,179 

286,003 

290,548 

292,859 

39

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the revenue bonds in the Company s investment securities portfolios were issued by government municipalities and agencies to fund public services such as community school facilities, college and university dormitory facilities and water utilities. The revenue bonds are to be paid from 16 revenue sources in 2022 and 2021. The revenue sources that represent 5 or more, individually, as a percent of the total revenue bonds are summarized in the following table (in thousands) : 

2022 

2021 

Estimated 

Estimated 

Amortized 

Fair 

Amortized 

Fair 

Cost 

Value 

Cost 

Value 

Revenue bonds by revenue source 

Sales tax 

31,768 

28,917 

31,632 

31,896 

Water 

21,754 

19,792 

22,611 

22,924 

College and universities, primarily dormitory revenues 

19,550 

17,368 

17,169 

17,353 

Sewer 

13,333 

11,592 

14,248 

14,327 

Leases 

10,863 

9,929 

8,788 

8,894 

Other 

39,840 

36,654 

27,300 

27,338 

Total revenue bonds by revenue source 

137,108 

124,252 

121,748 

122,732 

Deposits 
 
 Total deposits were 1.90 billion and 1.88 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 19.9 million between the periods can be primarily attributed to increases in interest-bearing core deposits, including commercial and public funds, and offset in part by a decrease in time deposits. Balances fluctuate as customer liquidity needs vary and could be impacted by distressed economic conditions or additional government stimulus. 
 
 The Company s primary source of funds is customer deposits. The Banks attempt to attract noninterest-bearing deposits, which are a low-cost funding source. In addition, the Banks offer a variety of interest-bearing accounts designed to attract both short-term and longer-term deposits from customers. Interest-bearing accounts earn interest at rates established by Bank management based on competitive market factors and the Company s need for funds. While 68.4 of the Banks certificates of deposit mature in the next year, it is anticipated that many of these certificates will be renewed. Rate sensitive certificates of deposits in excess of 250,000 are subject to somewhat higher volatility with regard to renewal volume as the Banks adjust rates based upon funding needs. In the event a substantial volume of certificates is not renewed, the Company has sufficient liquid assets and borrowing lines to fund significant runoff. A sustained reduction in deposit volume would have a significant negative impact on the Company s operations and liquidity. The Company had 11.4 million and 7.0 million of brokered deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has approximately 389.0 million of uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Average Deposits by Type 
 
 The following table sets forth the average balances for each major category of deposit and the weighted average interest rate paid for deposits during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) . 

2022 

2021 

Average 

Average 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

Non-interest bearing checking deposits 

397,436 

0.00 

375,167 

0.00 

Interest bearing checking deposits 

612,419 

0.47 

564,780 

0.13 

Money market deposits 

457,053 

0.48 

436,320 

0.21 

Savings deposits 

228,031 

0.18 

211,835 

0.11 

Time certificates 

206,401 

0.88 

234,626 

1.04 

1,901,340 

1,822,728 

40

Table of Contents 

Deposit Maturity 
 
 The following table shows the amounts and remaining maturities of time certificates of deposit that had balances in excess of the FDIC insurance limit of 250 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) . 

2022 

2021 

3 months or less 

14,444 

4,624 

Over 3 through 6 months 

13,261 

8,578 

Over 6 through 12 months 

7,166 

21,327 

Over 12 months 

8,015 

6,264 

Total 

42,886 

40,793 

The following table shows the amounts and remaining maturities of estimated uninsured time certificates of deposit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands ). 

2022 

2021 

3 months or less 

8,862 

3,124 

Over 3 through 6 months 

8,010 

7,608 

Over 6 through 12 months 

5,109 

20,307 

Over 12 months 

8,616 

13,838 

Total 

30,597 

44,877 

Borrowed Funds 
 
 Borrowed funds that may be utilized by the Company are comprised of FHLB advances, federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements). Borrowed funds are an alternative funding source to deposits and can be used to fund the Company s assets and unforeseen liquidity needs. FHLB advances are loans from the FHLB that can mature daily or have longer maturities for fixed or floating rates of interest. Federal funds purchased are borrowings from other banks that mature daily. Repurchase agreements are similar to deposits as they are funds lent by various Bank customers; however, investment securities are pledged to secure such borrowings. The Company s repurchase agreements reprice daily. 
 
 The following table summarizes the outstanding amount of, and the average rate on, borrowed funds as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) . 

2022 

2021 

Average 

Average 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements 

40,676 

2.50 

39,851 

0.25 

FHLB advances and other borrowings 

39,120 

4.39 

3,000 

1.57 

Total 

79,796 

3.43 

42,851 

0.35 

41

Table of Contents 

Average Annual Borrowed Funds 
 
 The following table sets forth the average amount of and the average rate paid on borrowed funds for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) . 

2022 

2021 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements 

41,143 

1.17 

37,705 

0.25 

FHLB advances and other borrowings 

14,731 

3.49 

3,000 

1.57 

Total 

55,874 

1.78 

40,705 

0.35 

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit that assist customers with their credit needs to conduct business. The instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the most likely impact of these financial instruments on revenues, expenses, or cash flows of the Company would come from unidentified credit risk causing higher provision expense for loan losses in future periods. These financial instruments are not expected to have a significant impact on the liquidity or capital resources of the Company. For additional information, including quantification of the amounts involved, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this discussion. 

42

Table of Contents 

Asset Quality Review and Credit Risk Management 
 
 The Company s credit risk is centered in the loan portfolio, which on December 31, 2022, totaled 1.23 billion as compared to 1.14 billion as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 7.2 . Net loans comprise approximately 57 of total assets as of the end of 2022. The objective in managing loan portfolio risk is to reduce the risk of loss resulting from a customer s failure to perform according to the terms of a transaction and to quantify and manage credit risk on a portfolio basis. As the following chart indicates, the Company s non-performing assets have increased by 13 from December 31, 2021 and total 14.7 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company s level of non-performing loans as a percentage of loans of 1.19 as of December 31, 2022, is higher than the Iowa State Average peer group of FDIC insured institutions as of December 31, 2022, of 0.33 . Management believes that the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 remains adequate based on its analysis of the non-performing assets and the portfolio as a whole. 
 
 Non-performing Assets 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the Company's non-performing assets for the past three years ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) : 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Nonperforming assets: 

Nonaccrual loans 

14,722 

12,670 

15,273 

Loans 90 days or more past due 

- 

169 

39 

Total nonperforming loans 

14,722 

12,839 

15,312 

Securities available-for-sale 

- 

- 

- 

Other real estate owned 

- 

218 

218 

Total nonperforming assets 

14,722 

13,057 

15,530 

Ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans outstanding 

1.19 

1.09 

1.33 

Ratio of allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 

106.62 

131.18 

112.72 

The accrual of interest on nonaccrual and other impaired loans is generally discontinued at 90 days or when, in the opinion of management, the borrower may be unable to meet payments as they become due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received and when principal obligations are expected to be recoverable. Interest income on restructured loans is recognized pursuant to the terms of the new loan agreement. Interest income on other impaired loans remaining on accrual is monitored and income is recognized based upon the terms of the underlying loan agreement. However, the recorded net investment in impaired loans, including accrued interest, is limited to the present value of the expected cash flows of the impaired loan or the observable fair value of the loan s collateral. 
 
 Non-performing loans totaled 14.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and were 1.9 million higher than the non-performing loans as of December 31, 2021. The increase in non-performing loans was due primarily to one loan relationship in the commercial real estate portfolio. The Company considers non-performing loans to generally include nonaccrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing and other loans that may or may not meet the former nonperforming criteria but are considered to meet the definition of impaired. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses related to these impaired loans was approximately 95 thousand and 1.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average balances of impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 13.0 million and 13.2 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income, which would have been recorded under the original terms of nonaccrual loans, was approximately 733 thousand and 650 thousand, respectively. There were no loans and 169 thousand of loans greater than 90 days past due and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

43

Table of Contents 

Summary of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The provision for loan losses represents an expense charged against earnings to maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is management s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Factors considered in establishing an appropriate allowance include: an assessment of the financial condition of the borrower; a realistic determination of value and adequacy of underlying collateral; historical charge-offs; the condition of the local economy; the condition of the specific industry of the borrower; an analysis of the levels and trends of loan categories; and a review of delinquent and classified loans. 
 
 The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is evaluated quarterly by management, the Company and respective Bank boards. This evaluation focuses on specific loan reviews, changes in the type and volume of the loan portfolio given the current economic conditions and historical loss experience. Any one of the following conditions may result in the review of a specific loan: concern about whether the customer s cash flow or collateral are sufficient to repay the loan; delinquent status; criticism of the loan in a regulatory examination; the accrual of interest has been suspended; or other reasons, including when the loan has other special or unusual characteristics which warrant special monitoring. 
 
 While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, further reductions in the carrying amounts of loans may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the estimated losses on loans. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additional losses based on their judgment about information available to them at the time of their examination. Due to potential changes in conditions, it is at least reasonably possible that change in estimates will occur in the near term and that such changes could be material to the amounts reported in the Company s financial statements. 

44

Table of Contents 

Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The Company s policy is to charge-off loans when, in management s opinion, the loan is deemed uncollectible, although concerted efforts are made to maximize future recoveries. The following table sets forth information regarding changes in the Company's allowance for loan losses for the most recent three years (dollars in thousands) : 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at beginning of period 

16,621 

17,215 

12,619 

Charge-offs: 

Real estate 

Construction 

- 

- 

- 

1-4 Family residential 

23 

34 

18 

Commercial 

- 

- 

444 

Agricultural 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial 

41 

113 

628 

Agricultural 

7 

- 

48 

Consumer and other 

21 

29 

272 

Total charge-offs 

92 

176 

1,410 

Recoveries: 

Real estate 

Construction 

- 

- 

1 

1-4 Family residential 

8 

268 

6 

Commercial 

3 

4 

26 

Agricultural 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial 

4 

5 

14 

Agricultural 

- 

48 

- 

Consumer and other 

27 

14 

278 

Total recoveries 

42 

339 

325 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 

50 

(163) 

1,085 

Provisions charged (credited) to operations 

(874) 

(757) 

5,681 

Balance at end of period 

15,697 

16,621 

17,215 

Average loans outstanding 

1,169,157 

1,141,750 

1,138,265 

Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) during the period to average loans outstanding 

0.00 

-0.01 

0.10 

Ratio of allowance for loan losses to total loans net of deferred fees 

1.26 

1.43 

1.50 

45

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth information regarding net charge-offs to average loans outstanding by loan type during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 

2022 

2021 

Net 

Net 

charge-offs 

charge-offs 

Net 

(recoveries) 

Net 

(recoveries) 

charge-offs 

Average 

to average 

charge-offs 

Average 

to average 

(recoveries) 

Loans 

loans 

(recoveries) 

Loans 

loans 

Net charge-offs (recoveries): 

Real estate 

Construction 

- 

43,905 

0.00 

- 

44,745 

0.00 

1-4 Family residential 

15 

266,029 

0.01 

(234) 

224,639 

-0.10 

Commercial 

(3) 

519,161 

0.00 

(4) 

504,343 

0.00 

Agricultural 

- 

155,989 

0.00 

- 

151,178 

0.00 

Commercial 

37 

72,844 

0.05 

108 

105,265 

0.10 

Agricultural 

7 

95,029 

0.01 

(48) 

96,774 

-0.05 

Consumer and other 

(6) 

16,200 

-0.04 

15 

14,806 

0.10 

Totals 

50 

1,169,157 

0.00 

(163) 

1,141,750 

-0.01 

General reserves for loan categories range from 1.10 to 1.97 of the outstanding loan balances as of December 31, 2022. In general, as loan volume increases, the general reserve levels increase with that growth and as loan volume decreases, the general reserve levels decrease with that decline. The allowance relating to commercial real estate is the largest reserve component. Construction, commercial operating and agricultural operating loans have higher general reserve levels as a percentage than the other loan categories as management perceives more risk in this type of lending. Elements contributing to the higher risk level include a higher percentage of watch, special mention, substandard and impaired loans, and less favorable economic conditions for those portfolios. As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate loans have general reserves ranging from 1.34 to 1.61 . 
 
 Other factors considered when determining the adequacy of the general reserve include historical losses; watch, substandard and impaired loan volume; the ability to collect past due loans; loan growth; loan-to-value ratios; loan administration; collateral values; and economic factors. The Company s concentration risks include geographic concentration in Iowa; the local economy s dependence upon several large governmental entity employers, including Iowa State University; and the health of Iowa s agricultural sector that, in turn, is dependent on crop and livestock prices, weather conditions, trade policies and government programs. No assurances can be made that losses will remain at the relatively favorable levels experienced over the past five years. 
 
 Loans that the Banks have identified as having higher risk levels are reviewed individually in an effort to establish adequate loss reserves. These reserves are considered specific reserves and are directly impacted by the credit quality of the underlying loans. The specific reserves are dependent upon assumptions regarding the liquidation value of collateral and the cost of recovering collateral including legal fees. Changing the amount of specific reserves on individual loans has historically had a significant impact on the reallocation of the allowance among different parts of the portfolio. The following table sets forth information regarding changes in the Company's specific reserve on loans individually evaluated for impairment and loans individually evaluated for impairment for the most recent three years (dollars in thousands) : 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Specific reserve on loans individually evaluated for impairment 

95 

1,392 

1,819 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

14,386 

12,312 

15,273 

Percentage increase (decrease) in specific reserve on loans individually evaluated for impairment 

-93 

-23 

770 

Percentage increase (decrease) in loans individually evaluated for impairment 

17 

-19 

219 

46

Table of Contents 

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the Company s allocation of the allowance for loan losses for the most recent three years (dollars in thousands) : 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

Amount 

Amount 

Balance at end of period applicable to: 

Real Estate 

Construction 

730 

4 

675 

4 

725 

4 

1-4 family residential 

3,028 

23 

2,752 

21 

2,581 

19 

Commercial 

7,235 

44 

8,406 

44 

8,930 

43 

Agricultural 

1,625 

13 

1,584 

13 

1,595 

13 

Commercial 

1,153 

6 

1,170 

7 

1,453 

11 

Agricultural 

1,705 

9 

1,836 

10 

1,696 

9 

Consumer and other 

221 

1 

198 

1 

235 

1 

15,697 

100 

16,621 

100 

17,215 

100 

Percent of loans in each category to total loans. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity management is the process by which the Company, through its Banks Asset and Liability Committees (ALCO), ensures adequate liquid funds are available to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. These commitments include funding credit obligations to borrowers, funding of mortgage originations pending delivery to the secondary market, withdrawals by depositors, maintaining adequate collateral for pledging for public funds, trust deposits and borrowings, paying dividends to shareholders, payment of operating expenses, funding capital expenditures and maintaining deposit reserve requirements. 
 
 Liquidity is derived primarily from core deposit growth and retention; principal and interest payments on loans; principal and interest payments, sale, maturity, and prepayment of investment securities; net cash provided from operations; and access to other funding sources. Other funding sources include federal funds purchased lines, FHLB advances and other capital market sources. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the level of liquidity and capital resources of the Company remain at a satisfactory level and compare favorably to that of other FDIC insured institutions. Management believes that the Company's liquidity sources will be sufficient to support its existing operations for the foreseeable future. 
 
 The liquidity and capital resources discussion will cover the following topics: 

Review of the Company s Current Liquidity Sources 

Review of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Review of Company Only Cash Flows 

Review of Commitments for Capital Expenditures, Cash Flow Uncertainties and Known Trends in Liquidity and Cash Flow Needs 

Capital Resources 

47

Table of Contents 

Review of the Company s Current Liquidity Sources 
 
 Liquid assets of cash on hand, balances due from other banks and interest-bearing deposits in financial institutions for December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 27.9 million and 89.1 million, respectively. The lower balance of liquid assets as of December 31, 2022 primarily relates to decreased deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank as the funds were invested. 
 
 Other sources of liquidity available to the Banks as of December 31, 2022 include available borrowing capacity with the FHLB of 285.3 million and federal funds borrowing capacity at correspondent banks of 100.6 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding FHLB advances and other borrowings of 39.1 million, no federal funds purchased, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase of 40.7 million. 
 
 Total investments as of December 31, 2022, were 786.4 million compared to 831.0 million as of year-end 2021. The investment portfolio provides the Company with a significant amount of liquidity since all investments are classified as available-for-sale as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The investments have pretax net unrealized losses of 83.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and pretax net unrealized gains of 3.8 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The investment portfolio serves an important role in the overall context of balance sheet management in terms of balancing capital utilization and liquidity. The decision to purchase or sell securities is based upon the current assessment of economic and financial conditions, including the interest rate environment, liquidity, and credit considerations. The portfolio s scheduled maturities represent a significant source of liquidity. 
 
 Review of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 21.2 million and 30.5 million, respectively. The change in net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in net income and proceeds from the sales of loans held for sale. 
 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 127.4) million and 268.6) million, respectively. The change in net cash (used in) investing activities in 2022 was primarily due to fewer purchases of securities and partially offset by a larger increase in loans. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 44.9 million and 154.1 million, respectively. The change in net cash provided by financing activities in 2022 was due primarily to a lower increase in deposits. 
 
 Review of Company Only Cash Flows 
 
 The Company s liquidity on an unconsolidated basis is heavily dependent upon dividends paid to the Company by the Banks. The Company requires adequate liquidity to pay its expenses and pay stockholder dividends. In 2022, dividends from the Banks amounted to 10.2 million compared to 9.7 million in 2021. Various federal and state statutory provisions limit the amount of dividends banking subsidiaries are permitted to pay to their holding companies without regulatory approval. Federal Reserve policy further limits the circumstances under which bank holding companies may declare dividends. For example, a bank holding company should not continue its existing rate of cash dividends on its common stock unless its net income is sufficient to fully fund each dividend and its prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with its capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have issued policy statements which provide that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Federal and state banking regulators may also restrict the payment of dividends by order. 
 
 First National, as a national bank, generally may pay dividends, without obtaining the express approval of the OCC, in an amount up to its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years plus retained net profits up to the date of any dividend declaration in the current calendar year. Retained net profits, as defined by the OCC, consists of net income less dividends declared during the period. Boone Bank, Reliance Bank, State Bank, United Bank and Iowa State Bank are also restricted under Iowa law to paying dividends only out of their undivided profits. Additionally, the payment of dividends by the Banks is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and the Banks generally are prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the Bank would be undercapitalized. 
 
 The Company has unconsolidated cash and interest-bearing deposits totaling 3.6 million that is available as of December 31, 2022 to provide additional liquidity to the Banks. 

48

Table of Contents 

Review of Commitments for Capital Expenditures, Cash Flow Uncertainties and Known Trends in Liquidity and Cash Flow Needs 
 
 Commitments to extend credit totaled 262.9 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to a total of 223.4 million at the end of 2021. The timing of these credit commitments varies with the underlying borrowers; however, the Company believes it has satisfactory liquidity to fund these obligations as of December 31, 2022. The primary cash flow uncertainty would be a sudden decline in deposits causing the Banks to liquidate securities. Historically, the Banks have maintained an adequate level of short-term marketable investments to fund the temporary declines in deposit balances. There are no other known trends in liquidity and cash flow needs as of December 31, 2022, that are of concern to management. 
 
 On June 9, 2022, the Company entered into a commitment with a contractor to remodel one of First National s branch offices in Ames, Iowa for 4.0 million. There was 2.5 million remaining on the commitment as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 The Company s total stockholders equity decreased to 149.1 million at December 31, 2022, from 207.8 million at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, stockholders equity as a percentage of total assets was 7.0 and 9.7 , respectively. The decrease in stockholders equity was primarily the result of an increase in unrealized losses on the investment portfolio precipitated by the significant increase in market interest rates during 2022, offset in part by the retention of net income in excess of dividends. The capital levels of the Company currently exceed applicable regulatory guidelines to be considered well capitalized as of December 31, 2022. Unrealized losses on the investment portfolio are excluded from regulatory capital. 
 
 From time to time, the Company s board of directors has authorized stock repurchase plans. Stock repurchase plans allow the Company to proactively manage its capital position and return excess capital to shareholders. 100,000 shares of common stock were repurchased under stock repurchase plans in 2022 and 30,580 shares of common stock were repurchased in 2021. Also see Part II, Item 5 - Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk refers to the impact that a change in interest rates may have on the Company s earnings and capital. Management s objectives are to control interest rate risk and to ensure predictable and consistent growth of earnings and capital. Interest rate risk management focuses on fluctuations in net interest income identified through computer simulations to evaluate volatility, varying interest rate, spread and volume assumptions. The risk is quantified and compared against tolerance levels. 
 
 The Company uses a third-party computer software simulation modeling program to measure its exposure to potential interest rate changes. For various assumed hypothetical changes in market interest rates, numerous other assumptions are made such as prepayment speeds on loans, the slope of the Treasury yield curve, the rates and volumes of the Company s deposits and the rates and volumes of the Company s loans. This analysis measures the estimated change in net interest income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates. 
 
 Another measure of interest rate sensitivity is the gap ratio. This ratio indicates the amount of interest-earning assets repricing within a given period in comparison to the amount of interest-bearing liabilities repricing within the same period of time. A gap ratio of 1.0 indicates a matched position, in which case the effect on net interest income due to interest rate movements will be minimal. A gap ratio of less than 1.0 indicates that more liabilities than assets reprice within the time period, while a ratio greater than 1.0 indicates that more assets reprice than liabilities. 
 
 The simulation model process provides a dynamic assessment of interest rate sensitivity, whereas a static interest rate gap table is compiled as of a point in time. The model simulations differ from a traditional gap analysis, as a traditional gap analysis does not reflect the multiple effects of interest rate movement on the entire range of assets and liabilities and ignores the future impact of new business strategies. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 The primary impact of inflation on the Company s operations is to increase asset yields, deposit costs and operating overhead. Unlike most industries, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than they would on non-financial companies. Although interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the price of goods and services, increases in inflation generally have resulted in increased interest rates. The effects of inflation can magnify the growth of assets and, if significant, require that equity capital increase at a faster rate than would be otherwise necessary. 

49

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Statements and Business Risks 
 
 Certain statements contained in the foregoing Management s Discussion and Analysis and elsewhere in this Annual Report that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Act ), notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified. In addition, certain statements may be contained in the Company s future filings with the SEC, in press releases and in oral and written statements made by or with the Company s approval that are not statements of historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Examples of forward-looking statements include but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenues, expenses, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans, objectives and expectations of the Company or its management, including those relating to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as believes , anticipates , expects , intends , targeted , projected , continue , remain , will , should , may and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statement. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to: 

Local, regional and national economic conditions and the impact they may have on the Company and its customers, and management s assessment of that impact on its estimates including, but not limited to, the allowance for loan losses and fair value of other real estate owned. Of particular relevance are the economic conditions in the concentrated geographic area in central, north-central and south-central Iowa in which the Banks conduct their operations. 

Adequacy of the allowance for loan losses and changes in the level of nonperforming assets and charge-offs. 

Inflation and interest rate, securities market and monetary fluctuations, including increases in interest rates initiated during 2022 and expected to continue during 2023 in response to significant inflationary pressures affecting the national economy. 

Changes in the fair value of securities available-for-sale, which negatively impacted our capital position during 2022, and management s assessments of other-than-temporary impairment of such securities. 

The effects of and changes in trade and monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the changes in assessment rates established by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for its Deposit Insurance Fund and interest rate policies of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board. 

Changes in sources and uses of funds, including loans, deposits and borrowings, including the ability of the Banks to maintain unsecured federal funds lines with correspondent banks. 

Changes imposed by regulatory agencies to increase capital to a level greater than the level currently required for well capitalized financial institutions. 

Political instability, acts of war or terrorism and natural disasters. 

The timely development and acceptance of new products and services and perceived overall value of these products and services by customers. 

Revenues being lower than expected. 

Changes in consumer spending, borrowings and savings habits. 

Changes in the financial performance and/or condition of the Company s borrowers. 

Credit quality deterioration, which could cause an increase in the provision for loan losses. 

Technological changes and operational and reputational risks related to breaches of data security and cyber-attacks. 

The ability to increase market share and control expenses. 

Changes in the competitive environment among financial or bank holding companies and other financial service providers. 

50

Table of Contents 

The effect of changes in laws and regulations with which the Company and the Banks must comply, including developments and changes related to the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and the effect of any Federal tax reform on the operations of the Company and its customers. 

Changes in the securities markets. 

The effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the FASB, International Financial Reporting Standards and other accounting standard setters, including the adoption of the CECL model for estimating credit losses within the loan and investment portfolios. 

The costs and effects of legal and regulatory developments, including the resolution of regulatory or other governmental inquiries and the results of regulatory examinations or reviews. 

Recent changes in the U.S. trade policy, including imposition of tariffs by the U.S. government and retaliatory tariffs imposed by foreign governments and the potential negative effect of these actions on the Company s borrowers. 

The ability of the Company to successfully integrate the operations of financial institutions it has acquired or may acquire in the future. 

The Company s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. 

Certain of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are discussed in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A herein. 
 
 These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statement. The Company operates in a continually changing business environment and new facts emerge from time to time. The Company cannot predict such factors, nor can it assess the impact, if any, of such factors on its financial condition or its results of operations. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. The Company disclaims any responsibility to update any forward-looking statement provided in this document. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable. 

51

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

CliftonLarsonAllen LLP CLAconnect.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Ames National Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ames National Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, under the standards of the PCAOB. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 CLA (CliftonLarsonAllen LLP) is an independent network member of CLA Global. See CLAglobal.com/disclaimer. 

52

Table of Contents 

Allowance for loan losses 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses is a valuation account that reflects the Company s estimate of incurred losses in its loan portfolio to the extent they are both probable and reasonable to estimate. The allowance for loan losses was 15.7 million at December 31, 2022, which consists of two components (i) specific reserves based on probable losses on specific loans specific reserves ), representing 0.1 million, and (ii) a general allowance based on historical loan loss experience, general economic conditions and other qualitative risk factors both internal and external to the Company general reserves ), representing 15.6 million. The general component of the allowance for loan losses is based on a variety of risk considerations, both quantitative and qualitative. Quantitative factors include the Company s historical loss experience, delinquency and charge-off trends, collateral values, known information about individual loans and other factors. Qualitative factors include various considerations regarding the general economic environment in the Company s market area. The qualitative adjustment for the general reserve includes management s consideration of industry concentrations; specific credit risks; credit loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political and regulatory conditions; and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. 
 
 The qualitative adjustment contributes significantly to the general reserve component of the allowance for loan losses. Management s identification and analysis of these considerations and related adjustments requires significant judgment. We identified the estimate of the qualitative adjustment of the general reserve for the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as they represent a significant portion of the total general reserve and because management s estimate relies on a qualitative analysis to determine a quantitative adjustment which required especially subjective auditor judgment. 
 
 The primary procedure we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Perform substantive testing, including evaluating management s judgments and assumptions for developing the general reserve qualitative adjustments for the allowance for loan losses, including: 

o 
 Evaluating the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the adjustments relating to qualitative general reserve factors and considering whether the sources of data and factors that management used in forming the assumptions are relevant, reliable, and sufficient for the purpose based on the information gathered. 

o 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments related to the qualitative and quantitative assessment of the data used in the determination of the general reserve qualitative adjustments for consistency with each other, the supporting data, relevant historical data, and industry data. 

o 
 Assessing whether historical data is comparable and consistent with data of the current year and considering whether the data is sufficiently reliable. Among other procedures, our evaluation considered evidence from internal and external sources, loan portfolio performance and whether such assumptions were applied consistently period to period. 

o 
 Analytically evaluating the qualitative adjustment in the current year compared to prior year for directional consistency and reasonableness. 

o 
 Testing the calculations used by management to translate the assumptions and key factors into the calculation. 

/s/ CliftonLarsonAllen LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 
 West Des Moines, Iowa 
 March 10, 2023 

53

Table of Contents 

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Interest-bearing deposits in financial institutions and federal funds sold 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 Interest-bearing time deposits 
 Securities available-for-sale 
 Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) stock, at cost 
 Loans receivable, net 
 Loans held for sale 
 Bank premises and equipment, net 
 Accrued income receivable 
 Bank-owned life insurance 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 Other intangible assets, net 
 Goodwill 
 Other assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 LIABILITIES 
 Deposits 
 Noninterest-bearing checking 
 Interest-bearing checking 
 Savings and money market 
 Time, 250 and over 
 Other time 
 Total deposits 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 Dividends payable 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common stock, 2 par value, authorized 18,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 8,992,167 and 9,092,167 shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

54

Table of Contents 

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 2021 
 
 Interest and dividend income: 
 Loans, including fees 
 Securities: 
 Taxable 
 Tax-exempt 
 Other interest and dividend income 
 Total interest and dividend income 
 
 Interest expense: 
 Deposits 
 Other borrowed funds 
 Total interest expense 
 
 Net interest income 
 
 Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 
 Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses 
 
 Noninterest income: 
 Wealth management income 
 Service fees 
 Securities gains, net 
 Gain on sale of loans held for sale 
 Merchant and card fees 
 Other noninterest income 
 Total noninterest income 
 
 Noninterest expense: 
 Salaries and employee benefits 
 Data processing 
 Occupancy expenses, net 
 FDIC insurance assessments 
 Professional fees 
 Business development 
 Intangible asset amortization 
 New Markets Tax Credit projects amortization 
 Other operating expenses, net 
 Total noninterest expense 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 Net income 
 
 Basic and diluted earnings per share 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

55

Table of Contents 

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands) 

2022 2021 
 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: 
 Unrealized (losses) on securities before tax: 
 Unrealized holding (losses) arising during the period 
 Plus: reclassification adjustment for (gains) realized in net income 
 Other comprehensive (loss) before tax 
 Tax benefit related to other comprehensive income 
 Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

56

Table of Contents 

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock Additional Paid- Retained Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Stockholders' 
 Shares Amount in Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Equity 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive (loss) 
 Repurchase and retirement of stock 
 Cash dividends declared, 1.29 per share 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive (loss) 
 Repurchase and retirement of stock 
 Cash dividends declared, 1.08 per share 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

57

Table of Contents 

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands) 

2022 2021 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 Provision (credit) for off-balance sheet commitments 
 Amortization of securities available-for-sale, loans and deposits, net 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Depreciation 
 Provision for deferred income taxes 
 Securities gains, net 
 Increase in cash value of bank-owned life insurance 
 Gain on sales of loans held for sale 
 Proceeds from the sales of loans held for sale 
 Originations of loans held for sale 
 (Gain) on sale of other real estate owned, net 
 (Gain) loss on sale and disposal of bank premises and equipment, net 
 Amortization of investment in New Markets Tax Credit projects 
 Change in assets and liabilities: 
 (Increase) decrease in accrued income receivable 
 (Increase) decrease in other assets 
 (Decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Change in interest-bearing time deposits 
 Purchase of securities available-for-sale 
 Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale 
 Proceeds from maturities and calls of securities available-for-sale 
 Purchase of FHLB stock 
 Proceeds from the redemption of FHLB and FRB stock 
 Net (increase) in loans 
 Net proceeds from the sale of other real estate owned 
 Purchase of premises and equipment 
 Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Increase in deposits 
 Increase in securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Payments on FHLB and other borrowings 
 Proceeds from other borrowings 
 Net proceeds from FHLB short-term borrowings 
 Dividends paid 
 Stock repurchases 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 Beginning 
 Ending 

58

Table of Contents 

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands) 

2022 2021 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
 Cash payments for: 
 Interest 
 Income taxes 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Transfer of loans to other real estate owned 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

59

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

impairment as of December 31, 2022. 

to years for equipment and to years for premises. 

impairment of goodwill as of December 31, 2022. Further goodwill impairment evaluations, which may result in goodwill impairment, may be necessary if events or circumstance changes would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The only other significant intangible assets are core deposit intangible and customer list assets. The core deposit intangible and customer list asset are determined to have finite lives and are amortized over the estimated useful lives. The core deposit intangible asset is a customer-based relationship valuation attributed to the expectation of a lower net cost of these deposits versus alternative sources of funds. The core deposit intangible and customer list asset are reviewed for impairment whenever events occur, or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic EPS 

thousand to million. Management will continue to evaluate and refine the results of loss estimates throughout the first quarter of 2023. The future effects of CECL on the ACL will depend on the size and composition of our portfolio, the portfolio s credit quality and economic conditions, as well as any refinements to the model, methodology and other key assumptions. The Company will recognize a one -time cumulative-effect adjustment to the ACL through retained earnings upon adoption of the new standard. The increase in the ACL will result in a decrease to our regulatory capital amounts and ratios. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022 - 02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (ASC 326 ): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU improve the usefulness of information provided to investors about certain loan refinancing, restructurings, and write-offs. The amendments eliminate the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) by creditors that have adopted ASU No. 2016 - 13. It also enhances disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Lastly, the amendments require that a public business entity disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investment in leases. The Company does not expect a material impact of the ASU on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

million on deposit at various financial institutions. Management does not believe these balances carry a significant risk of loss but cannot provide absolute assurance that no losses would occur if these institutions were to become insolvent. 

U.S. government agencies 
 U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 
 State and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds 
 Total 

U.S. government agencies 
 U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 
 State and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds 
 Total 

The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities available-for-sale as of December 31, 2022, are shown below by expected maturity. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties (in thousands). 

Due after one year through five years 
 Due after five years through ten years 
 Due after ten years 
 Total 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities with a carrying value of approximately million and million, respectively, were pledged as collateral on public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are held by the Company s safekeeping agent. 
 
 The proceeds, gains, and losses from securities available-for-sale are summarized below (in thousands) : 

Gross realized gains on securities available-for-sale 
 Gross realized losses on securities available-for-sale 

No other-than-temporary impairments were recognized as a component of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Gross unrealized losses and fair value aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, are summarized as follows (in thousands) : 

U.S. government agencies 
 U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 
 State and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds 
 Total 

U.S. government agencies 
 U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 
 State and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds 
 Total 

At December 31, 2022, debt securities have unrealized losses of million. These unrealized losses are generally due to changes in interest rates or general market conditions. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and industry analysts reports. Management concluded that the unrealized losses on debt securities were temporary. Due to potential changes in conditions, it is at least reasonably possible that changes in fair values and management s assessments will occur in the near term and that such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the Company s financial statements. 

Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 1 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 
 Less: 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 Deferred loan costs, net 
 Total loans receivable, net 

1 Commercial loan portfolio includes million and million of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 
 Construction loans are underwritten utilizing independent appraisals, sensitivity analysis of absorption, vacancy and lease rates and financial analysis of the developers and property owners. Construction loans are generally based upon estimates of costs and value associated with the completed project. These estimates may prove to be inaccurate primarily due to unforeseen circumstances beyond the control of the borrower or lender. Construction loans often involve the disbursement of funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project. These loans are closely monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risks than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate changes, general economic conditions and the availability of long-term financing. The Company may require guarantees on these loans. The Company s construction loans are secured primarily by properties located in its primary market area. 
 
 The Company originates 1 - 4 family real estate, consumer and other loans utilizing credit reports to supplement the underwriting process. The Company s underwriting standards for 1 - 4 family loans are generally in accordance with FHLMC and FNMA manual underwriting guidelines. Properties securing 1 - 4 four -family real estate loans are appraised by either staff appraisers or fee appraisers, both of which are independent of the loan origination function and have been approved by the Board of Directors. The loan-to-value ratios normally do not exceed 90 without credit enhancements such as mortgage insurance. The Company will lend up to 100 of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase price for conventional 1 - 4 family real estate loans, provided private mortgage insurance is obtained. The Company s 1 - 4 family real estate loans are secured primarily by properties located in its primary market area. The underwriting standards for consumer and other loans include a determination of the applicant s payment history on other debts and an assessment of their ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan. To monitor and manage loan risk, policies and procedures are developed and modified, as needed by management. This activity, coupled with smaller loan amounts that are spread across many individual borrowers, minimizes risk. Additionally, market conditions are reviewed by management on a regular basis. 
 
 Commercial and agricultural real estate loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial and agricultural operating loans, in addition to those unique to real estate loans. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and, secondarily, as loans secured by real estate. Commercial and agricultural real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Loan-to-value generally does not exceed 80 of the cost or value of the assets. Appraisals on properties securing these loans are generally performed by fee appraisers approved by the Board of Directors. Because payments on commercial and agricultural real estate loans are often dependent on the successful operation or management of the properties, repayment of such loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. Management monitors and evaluates commercial and agricultural real estate loans based on collateral and risk rating criteria. The Company may require guarantees on these loans. The Company s commercial and agricultural real estate loans are secured primarily by properties located in its primary market areas. 

Commercial and agricultural operating loans are underwritten based on the Company s examination of current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay their obligations as agreed. This underwriting includes the evaluation of cash flows of the borrower, underlying collateral, if applicable, and the borrower s ability to manage its business activities. The cash flows of borrowers and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value after the initial evaluation. A first priority lien on the general assets of the business normally secures these types of loans. Loan-to-value limits vary and are dependent upon the nature and type of the underlying collateral and the financial strength of the borrower. Crop and hail insurance is required for most agricultural borrowers. Loans are generally guaranteed by the principal(s). The Company s commercial and agricultural operating lending is primarily in its primary market area. 
 
 The Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) was established by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) in response to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID- 19 pandemic. Funding was extended into 2021. The PPP is administered by the Small Business Administration (SBA). PPP loans are forgivable by the SBA in qualifying circumstances and are 100 percent guaranteed by the SBA. 
 
 The Company maintains an internal audit department that reviews and validates the credit risk program on a periodic basis. Results of these reviews are presented to management and the audit committee. The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by lenders and credit personnel, as well as the Company s policies and procedures. 
 
 Summary changes in the allowance for loan losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands) : 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 Recoveries of loans charged-off 
 Loans charged-off 
 Balance, ending 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses, on a disaggregated basis, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands) : 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 Recoveries of loans charged-off 
 Loans charged-off 
 Balance, ending 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 Recoveries of loans charged-off 
 Loans charged-off 
 Balance, ending 

Allowance for loan losses disaggregated based on the impairment analysis method as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands) : 

Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance 

Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance 

Loans receivable disaggregated on the basis of the impairment analysis method as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands) : 

Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 Ending balance 

Ending balance: Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 Ending balance 

Credit Quality Indicators. As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including trends related to (i) the risk ratings of construction, commercial and agricultural real estate loans and commercial and agricultural operating loans, (ii) the level of classified loans, (iii) net charge-offs, (iv) non-performing loans and (v) the general economic conditions in our market areas. 
 
 The Company utilizes a risk rating matrix to assign risk ratings to each of its construction, commercial and agricultural loans. Loans are rated on a scale of 1 to 7. A description of the general characteristics of the risk ratings is as follows: 
 
 Ratings 1, 2 and 3 - These ratings include loans of average to excellent credit quality borrowers. These borrowers generally have significant capital strength, moderate leverage and stable earnings and growth commensurate to their relative risk rating. These ratings are reviewed at least annually. These ratings also include performing loans of less than 100,000. 
 
 Rating 4 - This rating includes loans on management s watch list and is intended to be utilized for pass rated borrowers where credit quality has begun to show signs of financial weakness that now requires management s heightened attention. This rating is reviewed at least quarterly. 
 
 Rating 5 - This rating is for Special Mention loans in accordance with regulatory guidelines. This rating is intended to be temporary and includes loans to borrowers whose credit quality has clearly deteriorated and are at risk of further decline unless active measures are taken to correct the situation. This rating is reviewed at least quarterly. 

Rating 6 - This rating includes Substandard loans in accordance with regulatory guidelines, for which the accrual of interest has not been stopped. Under regulatory guideline definitions, a Substandard loan has defined weaknesses which make payment default or principal exposure likely, but not yet certain. Such loans are apt to be dependent upon collateral liquidation, a secondary source of repayment or an event outside of the normal course of business. This rating is reviewed at least quarterly. 
 
 Rating 7 - This rating includes Substandard-Impaired loans in accordance with regulatory guidelines, for which the accrual of interest has generally been stopped. This rating includes loans: (i) where interest is more than 90 days past due, (ii) not fully secured, (iii) where a specific valuation allowance may be necessary, or (iv) where the borrower is unable to make contractual principal and interest payments. This rating is reviewed at least quarterly. 
 
 The credit risk profile by internally assigned grade, on a disaggregated basis, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands) : 

Watch 
 Special Mention 
 Substandard 
 Substandard-Impaired 
 
 Total 

Watch 
 Special Mention 
 Substandard 
 Substandard-Impaired 
 
 Total 

The credit risk profile based on payment activity, on a disaggregated basis, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands) : 

Non-performing 
 
 Total 

Non-performing 
 
 Total 

Consumer and 1 - 4 family loans are considered non-performing when the loan is greater than 90 days past due or it is determined that the borrower is unable to make contractual principal and interest payments. 
 
 A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payment of principal and interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. The Company will apply its normal loan review procedures to identify loans that should be evaluated for impairment. 

The following is a recap of impaired loans, on a disaggregated basis, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the average recorded investment and interest income recognized on these loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) : 
 
 - 
 Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential - 
 Real estate - commercial - 
 Real estate - agricultural - 
 Commercial - 
 Agricultural - 
 Consumer and other - 
 Total loans with no specific reserve: - 
 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Real estate - construction 
 Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 Total loans with specific reserve: 
 
 Total 
 Real estate - construction 
 Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 
 Total 

- 
 Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential - 
 Real estate - commercial - 
 Real estate - agricultural - 
 Commercial - 
 Agricultural - 
 Consumer and other - 
 Total loans with no specific reserve: - 
 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Real estate - construction 
 Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 Total loans with specific reserve: 
 
 Total 
 Real estate - construction 
 Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 
 Total 

The interest foregone on nonaccrual loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings . The restructuring of a loan is considered a TDR if both the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and the creditor has granted a concession. Concessions may include interest rate reductions or below market interest rates, extension of payments terms beyond the original maturity date, principal forgiveness, restructuring amortization schedules and other actions intended to minimize potential losses. 
 
 Certain troubled debt restructurings are on nonaccrual status at the time of restructuring. These borrowings are typically returned to accrual status after sustained repayment performance in accordance with the restructuring agreement for a reasonable period of at least six months and management is reasonably assured of future performance. If the TDR meets these performance criteria and the interest rate granted at the modification is equal to or greater than the rate that the Company was willing to accept at the time of the restructuring for a new loan with comparable risk, then the loan will return to performing status. If the TDR loan has a below market interest rate at the time of restructuring, it will be considered impaired until fully collected. 

For TDR loans that were on nonaccrual status before the modification, a specific reserve may already be recorded. In periods subsequent to modification, the Company will continue to evaluate all troubled debt restructurings for possible impairment and, as necessary, recognizes impairment through the allowance. The Company had net charge-offs and thousand of net recoveries for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company had loans meeting the definition of TDR of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021, all of which were included as impaired and nonaccrual loans. 
 
 The Company s TDRs, on a disaggregated basis, occurring in the years ended December 31 is as follows (dollars in thousands) : 

Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 
 Total 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted a concession to borrower, with one contract, experiencing financial difficulties. The loan was restructured for an extended maturity and accrued interest was capitalized. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted concessions to five borrowers, with nine contracts, experiencing financial difficulties. The loans were restructured with lower interest rates or amortization periods longer than a typical loan. 
 
 There were TDR loans that were modified during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 with a payment default. A TDR loan is considered to have payment default when it is past due 60 days or more. 
 
 There was no significant financial impact from specific reserves for the TDR loans. 

An aging analysis of the recorded investment in loans, on a disaggregated basis, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows (in thousands) : 

Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 
 Total 

Real estate - 1 to 4 family residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - agricultural 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Consumer and other 
 
 Total 

There are no other known problem loans that cause management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were material commitments to lend additional funds to customers whose loans were classified as impaired. 
 
 Loans are made in the normal course of business to certain directors and executive officers of the Company and to their affiliates. The terms of these loans, including interest rates and collateral, are similar to those prevailing for comparable transactions with others and do not involve more than a normal risk of collectability. Loan transactions with related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands) : 

New loans 
 Repayments 
 Change in status 
 Balance, end of year 

Construction in process 
 Buildings and improvements 
 Furniture and equipment 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 Total bank premises and equipment, net 

Customer list 
 Total 

The weighted average life of the intangible assets is approximately years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The amortization expense for the intangible assets totaled thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Estimated remaining amortization expense on intangible assets is as follows for the years ending December 31 (in thousands) : 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 After 
 
 Total 

The following sets forth the activity related to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) : 

Amortization 
 
 Ending intangible asset, net 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Total time deposits 

Interest expense on deposits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is summarized as follows (in thousands) : 

Savings and money market 
 Time deposits 
 Total deposit interest expense 

Deposits held by the Company from related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately million and million, respectively. 

U.S. government agencies 
 U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 
 
 Total pledged collateral 

The following table summarizes the outstanding amount of, and the average rate on, repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands) . 

Total FHLB advances 

FHLB advances are collateralized by FHLB stock, certain 1 - 4 family residential real estate loans, multifamily real estate loans, commercial real estate loans and agricultural real estate loans. The Banks had available borrowing capacity with the FHLB of Des Moines, Iowa of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On June 6, 2022, the Company borrowed million on a credit agreement with a commercial bank. The borrowings were used for general corporate purposes. Interest under the note is payable quarterly over four years. Required quarterly principal payments of thousand began in September 2022, with the remaining balance due June 2026. The interest rate is fixed at and the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 was million. The note is secured by property in West Des Moines, Iowa. 
 
 Borrowed funds at December 31, 2021 included a FHLB advance of million with a rate of . This advance was paid off during 2022. 

million and million of securities as collateral for these fair value hedges at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The table below identifies the notional amount, fair value and balance sheet category of the Company's fair value hedges at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 Other assets 
 December 31, 2021 
 Fair value hedges Other liabilities 

. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company matched employee contributions up to a maximum of and contributed an amount equal to of the participating employee s compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Company contributions to the plan were approximately million and million, respectively. The plan covers substantially all employees. 

Deferred 
 Total federal income tax expense 
 State: 
 Current 
 Deferred 
 Total state income tax expense 
 
 Total income tax expense 

Total income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of to income before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as shown in the following table (in thousands) : 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 
 Tax-exempt interest 
 State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 New Markets Tax Credits 
 Valuation allowance 
 Other 
 Total income tax expense 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands) : 

Net unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale 
 State operating and alternative minimum tax carryforward 
 Fair value adjustments from acquisitions 
 Accrued vacation 
 Off balance sheet reserve 
 Other deferred tax assets 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Net unrealized gains on securities available-for-sale 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 Bank premises and equipment 
 Deferred loan costs 
 Other deferred tax liabilities 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

The Company has approximately thousand and thousand of state income taxes associated with state net operating loss NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against the tax effect of the NOL, as management believes it is more likely than not that such carryforwards will not be utilized. 
 
 The Company has approximately thousand of state alternative minimum tax AMT credit carryforwards available to offset future state alternative minimum taxable income as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against the tax effect of the AMT credit carryforwards, as management believes it is more likely than not that such carryforwards will not be utilized. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file one income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and separate tax returns for the state of Iowa. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income and state tax examinations for years before 2019. 
 
 The Company follows the accounting requirements for uncertain tax positions. Management has determined that the Company has material uncertain tax positions and material accrued interest or penalties as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that would require recognition. The Company had significant unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, that if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company had positions for which it deemed that it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of the unrecognized tax benefit will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Standby letters of credit 
 Total commitments 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer if there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million of the commitments to extend credit were fixed interest rates. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Banks evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Banks upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Banks to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third -party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Collateral held varies and is required in instances which the Banks deem necessary. In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the third party, the Banks would be required to fund the commitment. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Banks could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount shown in the summary above. If the commitments were funded, the Banks would be entitled to seek recovery from the customer. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Banks have established liabilities totaling approximately thousand and thousand, respectively to cover estimated credit losses for off-balance-sheet loan commitments and standby letters of credit. 
 
 On June 9, 2022, the Company entered into a commitment with a contractor to remodel a branch in Ames, Iowa for million. There was million remaining on the commitment as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, any liability resulting from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Concentrations of credit risk: The Banks originate real estate, consumer, and commercial loans, primarily in Boone, Clarke, Hancock, Marshall, Polk, Story and Union counties in Iowa, as well as adjacent counties. Although the Banks have diversified loan portfolios, a substantial portion of their borrowers ability to repay loans is dependent upon economic conditions in the Banks market areas. 

The Company s and each of the subsidiary bank s actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are also presented in the tables. dollars in thousands) 
 
 N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to risk- weighted assets): 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to average- assets): 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 
 
 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 

N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to risk- weighted assets): 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 
 
 Tier 1 capital (to average- assets): 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 
 
 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Boone Bank Trust 
 First National Bank 
 Iowa State Savings Bank 
 Reliance State Bank 
 State Bank Trust 
 United Bank Trust 

The Company and the Banks are subject to the rules of the Basel III regulatory capital framework and related Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The rules include the implementation of a percent capital conservation buffer that is added to the minimum requirements for capital adequacy purposes. A banking organization with a capital conservation buffer of less than the required amount will be subject to limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the capital ratios for the Company and the Banks were sufficient to meet the conservation buffer. 
 
 Federal and state banking regulations place certain restrictions on dividends paid and loans or advances made by the Banks to the Company. Dividends paid by each Bank to the Company would be prohibited if the effect thereof would cause the Bank s capital to be reduced below applicable minimum capital requirements. Management believes that these restrictions currently do not have a significant impact on the Company. 

The following table presents the balances of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) : 

U.S. government agencies 
 U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 
 State and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds 
 Loans 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 
 2021 
 Assets 
 Securities available-for-sale 
 U.S. government treasuries 
 U.S. government agencies 
 U.S. government mortgage-backed securities 
 State and political subdivisions 
 Corporate bonds 
 Loans 
 
 Liabilities 
 Derivative financial instruments 

Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment or a change in previously recognized impairment). The following table presents the assets carried on the balance sheet (after specific reserves) by caption and by level with the valuation hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) : 

2021 
 
 Loans receivable 
 Other real estate owned 
 
 Total assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 

As of December 31, 2022, impaired loans with a carrying value of thousand were reduced by a specific reserve of thousand, resulting in a reported fair value of thousand. As of December 31, 2021, impaired loans with a carrying value of million were reduced by a specific reserve of million resulting in a reporting fair value of million. 
 
 The significant inputs used in the fair value measurements for Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands) : 
 
 Evaluation of collateral Estimation of value NM 

Evaluation of collateral Estimation of value NM 
 
 Other real estate owned Appraisal Appraisal adjustment - 

Not Meaningful. 
 
 Evaluations of the underlying assets are completed for each impaired collateral dependent loan with a specific reserve. The types of collateral vary widely and could include accounts receivables, inventory, a variety of equipment and real estate. Collateral evaluations are reviewed and discounted as appropriate based on knowledge of the specific type of collateral. In the case of real estate, an independent appraisal may be obtained. Types of discounts considered included aging of receivables, condition of the collateral, potential market for the collateral and estimated disposal costs. These discounts will vary from loan to loan, thus providing a range would not be meaningful. 

GAAP requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or nonrecurring basis. The following table includes the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) : 

Interest-bearing time deposits Level 2 
 Securities available-for-sale See previous table 
 FHLB and FRB stock Level 2 
 Loans receivable, net Level 2 
 Loans held for sale Level 2 
 Accrued income receivable Level 1 
 Derivative financial instruments Level 2 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Deposits Level 2 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Level 1 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings Level 2 
 Accrued interest payable Level 1 
 Derivative financial instruments Level 2 

Commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit : The fair values of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, considering the remaining terms of the agreement and credit worthiness of the counterparties. The carrying value and fair value of the commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit are not considered significant. 
 
 Limitations : Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Interest-bearing deposits in banks 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 Investment in bank subsidiaries 
 Loans receivable, net 
 Premises and equipment, net 
 Accrued income receivable 
 Other assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES 
 
 Borrowings 
 Dividends payable 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Interest income 
 Rental income 
 Other income 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 
 Operating income after provision (credit) for loan losses 
 
 Interest expense 
 Operating expense 

Income before income taxes 
 
 Income tax (benefit) 
 
 Net income 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation 
 Credit for loan losses 
 Provision (credit) for deferred income taxes 
 Equity in net income of bank subsidiaries 
 Dividends received from bank subsidiaries 
 Decrease in accrued income receivable 
 (Increase) decrease in other assets 
 Increase in accrued expense and other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Decrease in loans 
 Purchase of premises and equipment 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Proceeds from long-term borrowings 
 Payments of long-term borrowings 
 Dividends paid 
 Stock repurchases 
 Net cash (used in) financing activities 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 Beginning 
 Ending 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
 Cash payments for: 
 Interest paid 
 Income taxes 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting of the Company includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the Company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations in any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, including the possibility of the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. 
 
 Management assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework in 2013. Based on this assessment, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the specified criteria. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

91

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERANCE 
 
 Directors 
 
 Refer to the information under the captions Corporate Governance and "Proposals to be Voted on at Meeting Proposal 1 Election of Directors contained in the Company's definitive proxy statement prepared in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 13, 2023 (the "Proxy Statement"), which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 The information regarding the executive officers appears in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report under the heading Information About our Executive Officers . 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Refer to the information under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The Company has established an Audit Committee as a standing committee of the Board of Directors. Refer to the information under the caption Corporate Governance Board Committees in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that Lisa M. Eslinger, a director and member of the Audit Committee, qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" under applicable SEC rules. The Board of Directors has further determined that Ms. Eslinger qualifies as an "independent" director under applicable SEC rules and the corporate governance rules of the NASDAQ stock market. The Board's affirmative determination was based, among other things, upon Ms. Eslinger's experience as Chief Financial and Administrative Officer for the Iowa State Foundation. Prior to joining the foundation, Ms. Eslinger was a senior manager with KPMG LLP. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Company has adopted an Ethics and Confidentiality Policy that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. A copy of this policy is posted on the Company's website at www.amesnational.com . In the event that the Company makes any amendments to, or grants any waivers of, a provision of the Ethics and Confidentiality Policy that requires disclosure under applicable SEC rules, the Company intends to disclose such amendments or waiver and the reasons therefor on its website. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Refer to the information under the caption Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement, which information (excluding the information contained under the sub-heading Pay Versus Performance Table is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Refer to the information under the caption Security Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. The Company does not maintain any equity compensation plans covering its directors, officers or employees or the directors, officers or employees of the Banks. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Refer to the information under the captions Loans to Directors and Executive Officers and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance Director Independence in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

92

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 is , , PCAOB ID: . 
 
 Refer to the information under the caption "Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) List of Financial Statements and Schedules. 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 
 The consolidated financial statements that appear in Item 8 of this Form 10-K are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (b) List of Exhibits. 
 
 The exhibits listed below are filed with or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Where such exhibit is incorporated by reference to a previously filed registration statement or report, such registration statement or report is identified in parentheses. Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements are specifically identified below. 

Exhibit 

Number 
 Description 

3.1 
 - Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2015). 

3.2 
 - Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2015). 

4.1 
 - Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2021). 

10.1 
 - Management Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 19, 2012). 

10.2 
 - Bank Director Stock Purchase Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2021). 

10.3 
 - Promissory Note and Credit Agreement with Green Belt Bank Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 15, 2021). 

16 
 - Letter Regarding Change in Certifying Accountant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 12, 2022). 

21 
 - Subsidiaries of the Company 

23 
 - Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 - Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 - Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 - Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 - Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) (1) 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 

104 
 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Indicates a management compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith 
 
 (1)These interactive data files shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under those sections, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any prior or future filing made by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None 

93

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AMES NATIONAL CORPORATION 

March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John P. Nelson 

John P. Nelson, Chief Executive Officer and President 

94

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on March 10, 2023. 

/s/ John P. Nelson 

John P. Nelson, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John L. Pierschbacher 

John L. Pierschbacher, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jeffery C. Baker 

Jeffery C. Baker, Director 

/s/ Betty A. Baudler Horras 

Betty A. Baudler Horras, Director 

/s/ David W. Benson 

David W. Benson, Director 

/s/ Michelle R. Cassabaum 

Michelle R. Cassabaum, Director 

/s/ Lisa M. Eslinger 

Lisa M. Eslinger, Director 

/s/ Steven D. Forth 

Steven D. Forth, Director 

/s/ Patrick G. Hagan 

Patrick G. Hagan, Director 

/s/ James R. Larson II 

James R. Larson II, Director 

/s/ Thomas H. Pohlman 

Thomas H. Pohlman, Director 

/s/ Kevin L. Swartz 

Kevin L. Swartz, Director 

95

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_483175.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_483175.htm 

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF COMPANY 

Parent 

Ames National Corporation 

Subsidiaries (1) 
			 
			 Percentage of Ownership 

First National Bank, Ames, Iowa, a National Bank 
			 
			 100 

Boone Bank and Trust Co., Boone, Iowa, an Iowa State Bank 
			 
			 100 

State Bank Trust Co., Nevada, Iowa, an Iowa State Bank 
			 
			 100 

Reliance State Bank, Story City, Iowa, an Iowa State Bank 
			 
			 100 

United Bank Trust Co., Marshalltown, Iowa, an Iowa State Bank 
			 
			 100 

Iowa State Savings Bank, Creston, Iowa, an Iowa State Bank 
			 
			 100 

Note: 

(1) 

The operations of Ames National Corporation s six wholly owned subsidiaries are included in the financial statements set forth in this Form 10-K. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex_483176.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

ex_483176.htm 

EXHIBIT 23 

CliftonLarsonAllen LLP 

			 CLAconnect.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Ames National Corporation 

 Ames, Iowa 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-146844 on Form S-8 of Ames National Corporation of our report, dated March 10, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ames National Corporation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/ CliftonLarsonAllen LLP 

West Des Moines, Iowa 

 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_483177.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_483177.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John P. Nelson, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Ames National Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
			 /s/ John P. Nelson 

John P. Nelson, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_483178.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_483178.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John L. Pierschbacher, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Ames National Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 
			 /s/ John L. Pierschbacher 

John L. Pierschbacher, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_483179.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_483179.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Report") by Ames National Corporation (the "Company"), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certification as of the 10th day of March 2023. 

/s/ John P. Nelson 

John P. Nelson, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_483180.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_483180.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Report") by Ames National Corporation (the "Company"), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certification as of the 10th day of March 2023. 

/s/ John L. Pierschbacher 

John L. Pierschbacher, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 atlo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 atlo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 atlo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 atlo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 atlo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

