<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_879526_0000879526-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12883069</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>346367</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2132862</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4532325</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2867418</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2780434</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000879526-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223160216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000879526-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WABASH NATIONAL Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000879526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCK TRAILERS [3715]
		IRS NUMBER:				521375208
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10883
		FILM NUMBER:		23659508

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 MCCARTY LANE
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47905
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7657715310

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 MCCARTY LANE
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47905

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WABASH NATIONAL CORP /DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000879526-23-000014.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 wnc-20221231.htm
 10-K

wnc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM (Mark One) Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification Number) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.1D-1(b). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately based upon the closing price of the Company s common stock as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange composite tape on such date. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of February 15, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 35 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 92 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 93 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 93 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 93 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 93 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 93 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 94 
 SIGNATURES 
 96 

2 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report of Wabash National Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, Wabash, Company, us, we, or our contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements may include the words may, will, estimate, intend, continue, believe, expect, plan or anticipate and other similar words. Forward-looking statements convey the Company s current expectations or forecasts of future events. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
 demand for our products and the sensitivity of demand to economic conditions; 
 the highly cyclical nature of our business; 
 economic weakness and its impact on the markets and customers we serve; 
 our backlog and indicators of the level of our future revenues; 
 ongoing inflation; 
 the COVID-19 pandemic, or other outbreaks of disease or similar public health threats; 
 reliance on a limited number of suppliers of raw materials and components, price increases of raw materials and components, and our ability to obtain raw materials and components; 
 our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flow from our agreement to create Wabash Parts LLC; 
 reliance on information technology to support our operations and our ability to protect against service interruptions or security breaches; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel or a sufficient workforce; 
 our ability to execute on our long-term strategic plan and growth initiatives or to meet our long-term financial goals; 
 volatility in the supply of vehicle chassis and other vehicle components; 
 changes in our customer relationships or in the financial condition of our customers; 
 significant competition in the industries in which we operate including offerings by our competitors of new or better products and services or lower prices; 
 our competition in the highly competitive specialized vehicle industry; 
 market acceptance of our technology and products or market share gains of competing products; 
 disruptions of manufacturing operations; 
 our ability to effectively manage, safeguard, design, manufacture, service, repair, and maintain our leased (or subleased) trailers; 
 current and future governmental laws and regulations and costs related to compliance with such laws and regulations; 
 changes to U.S. or foreign tax laws and the effects on our effective tax rate and future profitability; 
 changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences; 
 the effects of product liability and other legal claims; 
 climate change and related public focus from regulators and various stakeholders; 
 our ability to meet environmental, social, and governance ESG expectations or standards or to achieve our ESG goals; 
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and other long-lived intangible assets; 
 our ability to continue a regular quarterly dividend; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness; 
 our indebtedness, financial condition and fulfillment of obligations thereunder; 
 increased risks of international operations; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

provisions of our New Senior Notes which could discourage potential future acquisitions of us by a third party; 
 the risks related to restrictive covenants in our New Senior Notes indenture and Credit Agreement (each, as defined below), including limits on financial and operating flexibility; 
 price and trading volume volatility of our common stock; and 
 assumptions relating to the foregoing. 
 Although we believe that the expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed in this Annual Report. Each forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report reflects our management s view only as of the date on which that forward-looking statement was made. We are not obligated to update forward-looking statements or publicly release the result of any revisions to them to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 
 Currently known risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are described throughout this Annual Report, including in Item 1A. Risk Factors. We urge you to carefully review that section for a more complete discussion of the risks of an investment in our securities. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Wabash National Corporation, which we refer to herein as Wabash, the Company, us, we, or our, is Changing How the World Reaches You . Wabash was founded in 1985 and incorporated as a corporation in Delaware in 1991, with its principal executive offices in Lafayette, Indiana, as a dry van trailer manufacturer. Today we are the visionary leader of connected solutions for the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries. 
 To that end, we design and manufacture a diverse range of products, including dry freight and refrigerated trailers, platform trailers, tank trailers, dry and refrigerated truck bodies, structural composite panels and products, transportation, logistics, and distribution industry parts and services, and specialty food grade processing equipment. We have achieved this diversification through acquisitions, organic growth, and product innovation. 
 We believe our position as a leader in our key industries is the result of longstanding relationships with our core customers, our demonstrated ability to attract new customers, our broad and innovative product lines, our engineering leadership, and our extensive distribution and service network. More importantly, we believe our leadership position is indicative of the Values and Leadership Principles that guide our actions. 
 At Wabash, it s our focus on people, purpose, and performance that drives us to do better. Our Purpose is to change how the world reaches you; our Vision is to be the visionary leader of connected solutions for the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries; and our Mission is to enable our customers to succeed with breakthrough ideas and solutions that help them move everything from first to final mile. 
 Our Values are the qualities that govern our critical leadership behaviors and accelerate our progress. 
 Be Curious: We will make bold choices and encourage creativity, collaboration and risk-taking to turn breakthrough ideas into reality. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: We will be resilient and capable of the change required to succeed in a world that does not stand still. 
 Create Remarkable Teams: We will create a workplace culture that allows individuals to be their best in order to retain and attract talent from diverse industries, geographies and backgrounds. 
 Our Leadership Principles are the behaviors that provide definition to our actions and bring our values to life. 
 Embrace Diversity and Inclusion: We solicit and respect the input of others, celebrate our differences and strive for transparency and inclusiveness. 
 Seek to Listen: We listen to our customers, partners, and each other to reach the best solutions and make the strongest decisions. 
 Always Learn: To model a growth mindset, we continue learning through every stage of our careers. We do not quit and we are not satisfied with the status quo. 
 Be Authentic: Employees who thrive at Wabash are honest, have incredible energy and demonstrate grit in everything they do. 
 Win Together: We collaborate, seek alignment and excel at cross-group communication to succeed as one team and One Wabash. 
 Rebranding 
 In January 2022, Wabash National Corporation and its portfolio of brands rebranded as Wabash and began a significant shift in the Company s go-to-market brand strategy. This marks a milestone in the Company s transformation, following two years of accomplishments in our reorganization, new customer acquisition, and strategic growth as One Wabash. The rebrand is a reflection of our efforts and how we go-to-market with a powerful brand strategy designed to carry all of our legacy brands into the future. 
 The decision to make a significant shift in our brand strategy was precipitated by changes happening in the markets we serve. Transportation, logistics, and distribution is going through a momentous transition as it adapts to a compilation of forces: 
 Changing dynamics across the value chain and logistics models of delivery 
 Increased dependence of supply chain security as an outcome of the COVID-19 pandemic 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Increasingly agile and networked ecosystems enabled by new technologies 
 Advanced, disruptive material composites expanding possibilities of freight 
 Corporate stalwarts with increasing power, influence, and capabilities 
 A focus around sustainability, diversity, and inclusion 
 Wabash aims to be a visionary leader that drives the changing business of transport in ways that move the entire industry forward. 
 We see a different future reality than our competition in the context of social, technological, and logistics changes, and we ve chosen to go down a substantially different path to re-shape the industry and pull that future forward for our customers. We saw how logistics changes would disrupt the industry and result in customers buying from one source, in one way, from first to final mile. We saw the need to radically change how products are conceived and designed upfront in engineering with new technologies to make leap-frog improvements in quality and consistency. We had the foresight to develop and commercialize a new composite technology that can deliver breakthrough value to customers. Going forward, we see the need to expand connectivity from the source all the way to the home to ensure food safety versus myopically focusing on point solutions. 
 As of January 2022, we market nearly all products in our Transportation Solutions and Parts Services segments as Wabash and no longer market the following brand names: Wabash National , Benson , Brenner Tank, Brenner Tank Services, Bulk Tank International, Supreme , Supreme Upfit Solutions and Service, Tower Structural Laminating, Transcraft , Walker Engineered Products, and Walker Transport. In addition, we no longer market the product brands ArcticLite , Kold King , Iner-City and Spartan. 
 The Company will continue to market DuraPlate , DuraPlateHD , DuraPlate AeroSkirt , and AeroSkirt CX , as well as the new EcoNex Technology brand for our proprietary molded structural composite. 
 The rebranding decision resulted in non-cash impairment charges of approximately 28.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2021 related to trade name and trademark intangible assets due to the significant reduction in the related useful lives of these assets. Refer to Note 5 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on this impairment charge. 
 Wabash Management System 
 Our Wabash Management System WMS is a set of principles and standardized business processes for the purpose of achieving our strategic objectives. These principles are centered around lean thinking and state that lean application must extend across and throughout our entire enterprise, not only our manufacturing processes. By codifying what makes our company great, the WMS drives focus on the interconnected processes that are critical for success across our business. WMS is based on forward planning and continuous capability evaluation as we simultaneously drive execution and breakthrough performance. WMS requires everyone to be an active contributor to our enterprise-wide lean efforts and enables growth through innovation and industry leading customer satisfaction and alliances. Our WMS principles underpin an ongoing improvement cycle that includes Strategic Planning and Deployment, Kaizen, and Daily Management. It is through this set of standards and thinking that we create a One Wabash approach to our customers, add new business capabilities, and enable profitable growth. 
 In partnership with Purdue University, during 2022 we developed a curriculum for WMS Facilitator and Coaching. We also have hosted WMS University Champion training sessions and have over 160 graduates of the program. Company wide, we have frequent WMS communication and engagement enhancement sessions, including lunch learn trainings. Finally, we have developed a strategic deployment process and planning cycle with our Chief Strategy Officer. 
 Our One Wabash organizational structure enables long-term growth for the Company with an intense focus on value streams, streamlined processes, product innovation, and a consistent, superior experience for all customers who seek our solutions in the transportation, logistics and distribution markets. The value streams leverage the power of our processes to close the cycle of customer needs and customer fulfillment. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Impact of Coronavirus COVID-19 
 In March 2020, a global pandemic was declared by the World Health Organization related to COVID-19. This pandemic has created significant uncertainties and disruptions in the global economy. We continue to monitor the ongoing challenges of an endemic infection and remain focused on the health and safety of our employees, as well as the health of our business, as we manage our operating plans and consider the most recent developments, the best practice guidelines by health experts, the number of cases in the United States, and local, state, and federal requirements. While we have moved to an endemic phase, the COVID-19 pandemic has had lasting effects and continues to cause supply chain, labor, and raw material constraints that impact global markets. Risks related to COVID-19 can be found under Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Operating Segments 
 The One Wabash organizational transformation began during the first quarter of 2020 to better align resources and processes on serving the customer and to enable long-term growth. In connection with the substantial completion of our One Wabash strategic initiatives, including organizational and structural changes as well as portfolio rationalization, beginning in September 2021 we realigned our operating and reportable segments based on how the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM manages the business, allocates resources, makes operating decisions, and evaluates operating performance. Based on this realignment, we established two operating and reportable segments: Transportation Solutions TS and Parts Services P S ), and eliminated the historical Commercial Trailer Products CTP ), Diversified Products DPG ), and Final Mile Products FMP segments. Additional information related to the composition of each segment, as well as the historical segment for each component, is set forth below. 
 Transportation Solutions Parts Services Dry Refrigerated Van Trailers (Historical CTP Segment) Aftermarket Parts Services (All Historical Segments) Platform Trailers (Historical CTP Segment) Truck Body Upfitting Solutions (Historical FMP Segment) Tank Trailers Truck-Mounted Tanks (Historical DPG Segment) Food, Dairy, and Beverage Equipment (Historical DPG Segment) Truck-Mounted Dry Refrigerated Truck Bodies (Historical FMP Segment) DuraPlate Components Parts (Historical DPG Segment) 
 EcoNex Technology Products (Historical CTP FMP Segments) Wabash Parts LLC (See Note 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) Trailers as a Service (TAAS) SM (See Additional Information Below) 
 
 Transportation Solutions 
 The TS segment comprises the design and manufacturing operations for the Company s transportation-related equipment and products. This includes dry and refrigerated van trailers, platform trailers, and our wood flooring production facility, all of which were previously reported in the CTP segment. The Company s EcoNex Technology products that were historically included in both the CTP and FMP segments are reported in the TS segment. In addition, the TS segment includes tank trailers and truck-mounted tanks that were historically reported in the DPG segment. Finally, truck-mounted dry and refrigerated bodies and service and stake bodies that were previously reported in the FMP segment are also in the TS segment. Refer to the Products section below for additional information and details related to the TS segment s product offerings. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Parts Services 
 The P S segment is comprised of each of our historical segments parts services businesses as well as the upfitting component of our truck bodies business. In addition, our Composites products, which are focused on the use of DuraPlate composite panels beyond the semi-trailer market, are also part of the P S segment (previously reported in the DPG segment). This segment also includes the Wabash Parts LLC parts and distribution entity we created with our partner during the second quarter of 2022 as further described in Note 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, the P S segment includes our Trailers as a Service (TAAS) SM initiative, which combines our market-leading trailer products with emerging capabilities like parts distribution and a growing maintenance and repair network in order to provide a valuable suite of services to our customers. Finally, the P S segment includes the Company s Engineered Products business (previously reported in the DPG segment), including stainless-steel storage tanks and silos, mixers, and processors for a variety of end markets. As disclosed throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, growing and expanding our parts and services offerings is a key strategic initiative for us moving forward. Refer to the Products section below for additional information and details related to the P S segment s product offerings. 
 Strategy 
 We are the visionary leader of connected solutions with strong customer relationships across the first, middle, and final mile markets that will support profitable growth and provide adaptability to changes in the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries. We believe our One Wabash organizational structure and WMS are uniquely designed to achieve breakthrough customer value. Our TS and P S segment structure aligns our resources and processes on serving the customer, and our strategy is centered around our ability to scale core competencies by growing in and around core markets with known customers. 
 COLD CHAIN MARKET SHARE Expand share in markets driven by movement of goods through the temperature-controlled cold chain Bring differentiated solutions to create customer value by leveraging innovative technology offerings, including product offerings, such as EcoNex E-COMMERCE LOGISTICS DISRUPTION Pursue opportunities to capitalize on the changing logistics landscape, including the expected growth in power-only networks Grow within the rapidly expanding home delivery market by augmenting truck body offerings with refreshed product offerings Leverage portfolio of lighter-weight composite technology RECURRENT REVENUE THROUGH PARTS SERVICES Pursue organic growth opportunities within parts distribution and truck body upfitting to become a scalable and tech-enabled distribution platform to serve existing and new customers Connecting across the transportation ecosystem to facilitate interactions and leverage our brand Unify historically disparate parts and services revenue streams to drive alignment and growth focus 
 Our first to final mile portfolio of products creates simplicity for customers managing through significant industry change. We believe that if we are successful in focusing on each of these strategic initiatives, we will be well-positioned to advance our commitment to deliver long-term profitable growth within each of our reportable segments, support margin enhancement through our One Wabash organization and WMS mindset, and successfully deliver value to our shareholders. In addition, leveraging our dealer and strategic account relationships will create the scale of a national service network. 
 During 2022, we partnered with FreightVana to support our Trailers as a Service TAAS SM initiative. Our TAAS initiative combines our market-leading trailer products with emerging capabilities like parts distribution and a growing maintenance and repair network in order to provide a valuable suite of services to our customers and contribute to our growing base of recurring revenue in our Parts Services operating segment. The amendment to our Revolving Credit Agreement during the third quarter of 2022, which is discussed in greater detail throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, supports our TAAS offering with increased liquidity availability. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

By continuing to be the visionary leader in the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries we expect to leverage our existing assets and capabilities into higher margin products and markets by delivering value-added customer solutions. Optimizing our product portfolio, operations, and processes to enhance manufacturing efficiency and agility is expected to well-position the Company to drive margin expansion and reinforce our customer relationships. 
 Acquisition Strategy 
 We believe that our overall business and segments have significant opportunities to grow through disciplined strategic acquisitions. When evaluating acquisition targets, we generally look for opportunities that exhibit the following attributes: 
 Customer-focused solutions; 
 Access to new technology and innovation; 
 Strong management team that is a cultural fit; 
 Aligned with our core competencies in purchasing, operations, distribution, and product development; and 
 Growth markets, whether end-markets or geographical, within the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries. 
 Capital Allocation Strategy 
 We believe that a balanced and disciplined capital allocation strategy is necessary to support our growth initiatives and create shareholder value. The objectives and goals of the Company s capital allocation strategy are summarized below: 
 Maintain Liquidity: Manage the business for the long-term 
 Continue to be equipped for changes in market conditions and strategic growth opportunities 
 Debt Management: Maintain healthy leverage ratios 
 Reinvest for Growth: Fund capital expenditures and research and development that optimize strategic capacity to support demand as well as support our productivity initiatives 
 Dividends: Maintain our regular dividend which has been paid for the last six consecutive years 
 Share Repurchases: Offset dilution from stock-based compensation 
 Opportunistically repurchase shares 
 
 Industry and Competition 
 Trucking in the U.S., according to the American Trucking Association ATA ), was estimated to be a 875.5 billion industry in 2021, representing approximately 81 of the total U.S. transportation industry revenue. From a financial (e.g., value) industry perspective, this represents an increase of approximately 19.6 from ATA s 2020 estimate and is materially consistent with the prior year as a percentage of the total U.S. transportation industry revenue (81 in 2021 vs. 80 in 2020). Furthermore, ATA estimates that approximately 72.2 of all domestic freight tonnage in 2021 was carried by trucks, and 302.1 billion miles were traveled by registered trucks in 2020. Trailer demand is a direct function of the amount of freight to be transported. To meet this continued high demand for freight, truck carriers will need to replace and expand their fleets, which typically results in increased trailer orders. 
 Transportation in the U.S., including trucking, is a cyclical industry that has experienced three cycles (excluding 2020 s softened demand, which was worsened by the COVID-19 pandemic) over the last 20 years. In each of the last three cycles the decline in freight tonnage preceded the general U.S. economic downturn and the recovery has generally preceded that of the economy as a whole. The trailer industry generally follows the transportation industry, experiencing cycles in the early and late 90 s lasting approximately 58 and 67 months, respectively. Truck freight tonnage, according to ATA statistics, started declining year-over-year in 2006 and remained at depressed levels through 2009, when the most recent cycle concluded. After three consecutive years with total trailer demand well below normal replacement demand levels estimated to be approximately 220,000 trailers, the period ending December 31, 2019 demonstrated six consecutive years of healthy demand in which there were total trailer shipments of approximately 269,000, 308,000, 286,000, 288,000, 323,000, and 328,000 for the years ending 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Consistent with our expectations and industry forecasters, 2020 brought softened demand that was worsened and magnified by the uncertainty and economic impact caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to ACT Research Company ACT ), total U.S. trailer production in 2020 was approximately 206,000 trailers, which is generally below normal replacement demand levels. This represented a 38 decrease from 2019 production. However, 2021 recovered to a production level of approximately 266,000 trailers, and ACT estimates 2022 production to be approximately 304,000 trailers. This represents an increase of approximately 14 from 2021. These production volumes are more generally consistent with historic levels. The current estimate from ACT for 2023 for United States trailer production is 303,000, which is materially consistent with 2022 production. Overall demand is expected to be in excess of replacement demand and industry specific indicators we track, including ATA s truck tonnage index, carrier/fleet profitability, employment growth, housing and auto sectors, as well as the overall gross domestic product, continue to be positive indicators. Additional discussion and analysis is included under the section titled "Industry Trends" included within Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Trailer manufacturers compete primarily through the quality of their products, customer relationships, innovative technology, and price. We have observed others in the industry also pursue the development and use of composite sidewalls that compete directly with our DuraPlate products. Our product development is focused on maintaining a leading position with respect to these products and on development of new products and markets, leveraging products across our segments such as EcoNex TM Technology as well as our expertise in the engineering and design of customized products. 
 The tank trailers component of our Transportation Solutions segment and the engineered products component of our Parts Services segment, in most cases, participate in markets different from our historical core van and platform trailer product offerings. The customers and end markets that these components serve are broader and more diverse than the van and platform trailer industries, including the dairy, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, chemical, craft brewing, biotech, and specialty vehicle markets. In addition, our diversification efforts pertain to new and emerging markets and many of the products are driven by regulatory requirements or, in most cases, customer-specific needs. 
 The truck body component of our Transportation Solutions segment competes in the specialized vehicle industry, whereby there are only a few national competitors and many smaller, regional companies. Competitive factors include quality of product, lead times, geographic proximity to customers, and the ability to manufacture a product customized to customer specifications. With our national presence, diverse product offerings, and One Wabash approach to customer relationships, we believe that we are well positioned to meet the competitive challenges presented. In addition, a growing part of the truck body product line is directly aligned with our trailer customers. 
 Human Capital Resources and Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 6,900 full-time employees. Throughout 2022, essentially all of our active employees were non-union. Our temporary employees represented approximately 5 of our overall production workforce as of December 31, 2022. 
 We believe our commitment to our human capital resources is key to our mission to enable our customers to succeed with breakthrough ideas and solutions that help them move everything from first to final mile. In addition, our human capital resources are at the core of our Values and Leadership Principles . The Company s executives (the Senior Leadership Team ), including the President and Chief Executive Officer, are responsible for developing and executing the Company s human capital strategy. This includes the attraction, acquisition, development, and engagement of talent to deliver on the Company s strategy and the design of employee compensation and benefits programs. The Senior Leadership Team is also responsible for developing and integrating the Company s diversity and inclusion roadmap. In addition, regular updates are provided to the Company s Board of Directors and its committees on the operation and status of human capital trends and activities. Key areas of focus for the Company include: 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Employee Engagement We define engagement as a deep connection and sense of purpose at work that creates extra energy and commitment. Our goal is to engineer a winning culture that is designed to execute the Company s strategic plan. Over the long-term, we seek better outcomes from having a highly engaged and values-aligned workforce, including higher retention, higher productivity, better customer satisfaction, better quality, and better safety. We provide all employees with the opportunity to share their opinions and feedback on our culture through a voluntary annual employee engagement assessment where all employees are encouraged to participate. Results are measured and analyzed to enhance the employee experience, promote employee retention, drive positive change, and leverage the overall success of our organization. 
 Talent Development One of our Company values is Always Learn . We put that into practice by offering our own welding and skills training courses, self-directed learning modules and an executive leadership development program at no cost to employees. Additionally, we host a wide variety of learning and development opportunities through our custom-tailored Learning Management System Wabash U. Our employees have access through an online portal to thousands of self-directed and instructor-led courses on a variety of professional development topics. Our employees also have access to WMS University WMS U ), which was developed and accredited by Purdue University s Dauch Center for the Management of Manufacturing Enterprises and TP3 Institute for smart manufacturing. WMS U teaches participants about our WMS systems and tools in our lean enterprise, the goal of which is to equip our employees with the knowledge to live WMS principles every day. There are over 160 graduates to date from our WMS U programs. Finally, in partnership with Purdue University, we developed curriculum for WMS Facilitator and Coaching training, which was launched during the first quarter of 2022. 
 Targeted learning and development opportunities are also created through external partnerships, including special development programs for front line leaders (with over 220 trained in the past 18 months), as well as focused executive development across a variety of topics. Full-time Wabash employees can pursue various courses, undergraduate and graduate degree programs, or relevant certifications at an accredited college or university without added financial burden by using our Accelerator tuition reimbursement program. We provide all employees a wide range of professional development experiences, both formal and informal, at all stages in their careers. In addition, Wabash employees and dependents of employees are eligible for a variety of scholarships offered by Wabash and the industry associations to which we belong. We support the youth in our communities through program funding, training programs, internships, co-ops, and our emerging leadership development programs. We also sponsor youth clubs in our communities, including robotics clubs, STEM programs, and the Purdue University s Women in Engineering Program. In 2022, we awarded 12 high school graduates with Wabash scholarships totaling 60,000. 
 Focus on Safety At Wabash, safety is our first priority. We prioritize the safety of our employees, our customers, and our communities. We demonstrate this core value by working on innovations to protect the people who operate our equipment. In addition, we partner with other manufacturers in the industry to further promote safety by sharing best practices and ideas for implementing higher standards. 
 We continually focus on reducing the severity and frequency of workplace injuries to create a safe environment for our employees. We provide ongoing safety training and development at our production facilities, which are designed to focus on empowering our employees with the knowledge and tools they need to make safe choices and to mitigate risks. Our employees are encouraged to identify safety opportunities and report near-misses through our safety good catch program. The Company utilizes a mixture of leading and lagging indicators to assess the health and safety performance of its operations. For example, a lagging indicator includes the OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate TRIR ). TRIR in 2022 was 5.6, which is one of the Company s best-ever years for TRIR performance. A leading metric we use is scoring from our Blueprint for Excellence, which assesses a facility s overall safety program and identifies key areas of improvement. In 2020, Wabash implemented a software platform to proactively mitigate safety risks by driving business decisions based on actionable insights and advanced analytics. As part of that implementation, we are tracking near-misses enterprise-wide and setting targets to encourage reporting. 
 Our safety awards include: 
 2021 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (Little Falls, MN, and San Jos Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) 
 2020 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (Fond du Lac, WI, and San Jos Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) 
 2019 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Award (New Lisbon, WI) 
 2018 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Award (San Jos Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) 
 2017 Kentucky Governor s Safety and Health Award (Cadiz, KY) 
 11 

Table of Contents 

2016 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (New Lisbon, WI, and San Jos Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) 
 2015 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (New Lisbon, WI) 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, over the last couple years we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government orders. We continue to monitor the ongoing challenges of an endemic infection and remain focused on the health and safety of our employees, as well as the health of our business, as we manage our operating plans and consider the most recent developments, the best practice guidelines by health experts, the number of cases in the United States, and local, state, and federal requirements. Risks related to COVID-19 can be found under Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Health and Wellness The health and wellness of our employees is critical to our success. We provide our employees with access to a variety of innovative, flexible, and convenient health and wellness programs. Such programs are designed to support employees' physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Wabash is committed to having a workforce that is diverse and embraces inclusion at all levels, reflecting the diversity of our customers and the varied environments in which we conduct business around the globe. Recognizing, valuing, and fully leveraging our different perspectives and backgrounds to achieve our business goals demonstrate our inclusive culture and are part of our Leadership Principles Embrace Diversity and Inclusion ). We need inclusion and diversity to achieve our targeted business results and fulfill our vision of being the visionary leader of connected solutions for the transportation, logistics and distribution industries. Openness to diversity widens our access to the best talent, and inclusion allows us to engage that talent fully. In addition, we place special focus on preventing pay imbalances among genders, including proactive adjustments to pay, titles, and/or benefits to prevent gender pay gaps. 
 In 2022, 70 of our total hourly hires were women and/or minorities, and 50 of total salaried hires in 2022 were women and/or minorities. 
 Compensation and Benefits Wabash is dedicated and committed to providing a comprehensive total compensation and benefits program that is competitive within the local market as well as the industries we serve. Our compensation and benefits program not only ensures external market competitiveness and internal equity, but it also maintains a strong emphasis on performance. The tenets of our compensation philosophy are: 
 Compensation is calibrated to market to facilitate access to needed talent. 
 Compensation is transparent to help employees clearly understand all components of their compensation. 
 Compensation is connected to individual performance and, in some cases, performance of the organization. 
 Compensation enables purpose by being connected to the Company s values and leadership principles. 
 In addition to salaries, these programs can include annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan and non-qualified deferred compensation plan with employee matching opportunities, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, flexible work schedules, safety shoe and prescription safety glass programs, an employee assistance program, and tuition assistance, among many others. 
 Community Involvement Wabash s charitable giving program combines volunteer work with financial support to make a meaningful, lasting impact on our communities. We actively partner with nonprofit groups and projects to donate time, needed materials and financial resources to support the communities where we live and work. We place special emphasis on combating food insecurity in our communities, as well as supporting children and veterans. We believe that enriching the lives of those around us is a powerful investment in our future. Involvement in our communities is unique to our various locations. During 2022, we announced a national partnership to help end food insecurity with Feeding America , the nation s largest domestic hunger-relief organization. Though this partnership, Wabash donated 150,000 in its first year in support of mobile food pantries, which are crucial to increasing the distribution of fresh and healthy food in vulnerable communities. This national partnership is an expansion of the work Wabash has done over the past 20 years on a local level with various Feeding America member food banks. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

In 2022, we donated more than 800,000 through corporate gifts, local charitable sponsorships and employee donations to nonprofit organizations. Our charitable contributions included gifts to Feeding America, United Way, Indiana Veterans Home, Caring Pathways, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, Junior Achievement, Humane Society, Honor Flight, Habitat for Humanity, KidsPeace, Mental Health of America, LTHC Homeless Veterans program, Riley Children s Foundation, Cancer Centers, Special Olympics, Purdue Foundation, YWCA, Veterans Making a Difference, Bauer Family Resources, and more. In addition to these amazing organizations, we also supported local schools across the country with robotics clubs, weld programs, career development, food bank backpack programs, youth sports, music enrichment programs, and more. 
 We also run a Day of Giving program, which allows all full-time employees the opportunity to volunteer one scheduled workday each calendar year. In 2022, employees volunteered more than 4,000 hours at local food banks, homeless shelters, veteran services agencies, local agriculture organizations, environmental conservation programs, local schools leadership and career readiness activities, Junior Achievement, Salvation Army, YWCA, Humane Society, Wreaths Across America, youth athletics, art programs, foster children agencies, programs to support people with disabilities, and more. 
 Our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report is available on our website (ir.onewabash.com) and references the ongoing environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives that demonstrate our commitment to sustainability and social responsibility. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe our core competitive strengths include, but are not limited to: 
 Long-Term Core Customer Relationships We are the leading provider of trailers to a significant number of top tier trucking companies, generating a revenue base that has helped to sustain us as one of the market leaders. Our van products are preferred by many of the industry s leading carriers. We are also a leading provider of liquid-transportation systems and engineered products and we have a strong customer base, consisting of mostly private fleets, and have earned a leading market position across many of the markets we serve. In addition, we are a leading manufacturer of truck bodies, and we have a strong customer base of large national fleet leasing companies and large retailers. Our competitive strength related to long-term core customer relationships is evidenced by our multi-year order agreement with J.B. Hunt Transport Inc., which we announced in January 2023. 
 Technology and Innovation We continue to be recognized by the trucking industry as a leader in developing technology to provide value-added solutions for our customers that reduce trailer operating costs, improve revenue opportunities, and solve unique transportation problems. Throughout our history, we have been and we expect to continue to be a leading innovator in the design and production of trailers and related products. We have commercialized and launched DuraPlate Cell Core, a modified DuraPlate panel that reduces the weight of a conventional 53 foot DuraPlate trailer by 300 pounds without compromising strength or durability. Our refrigerated van offerings now include EcoNex TM Technology, which is under our recently introduced Acutherm TM portfolio of solutions designed for intelligent thermal management. In connection with our Cold Chain strategic initiative, a refrigerated trailer with EcoNex TM Technology provides up to 28 improvement in thermal performance over Wabash s conventional ArcticLite refrigerated trailer, and is being engineered to be lighter with greater strength and durability. This translates into lower lifetime operational costs and more conscious use of resources. In August 2022, we announced a 20 million investment to be made in our manufacturing capacity to scale our EcoNex TM technology within refrigerated vans, truck bodies, and other transportation and logistics related products. Additionally, during 2021, The Kroger Company placed an initial order for over 10 million of Wabash refrigerated home delivery vehicles with EcoNex TM Technology. 
 During 2021, we received the 2021 Indiana Manufacturers Association s Manufacturing Excellence Award for Innovation for our EcoNex TM Technology. We are leveraging this innovative technology in other facets of our business, such as the final mile and home delivery space. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we announced plans to launch a walk-in cargo van, which is on track for 2024, adding to our expanding portfolio of home delivery solutions and a product line critical in supporting key customer efforts to efficiently scale home delivery driven by e-commerce. This announcement came shortly after our launch of a next-generation grocery delivery vehicle that features our innovative EcoNex TM Technology. 
 Finally, we announced in December 2021 that we partnered with Purdue University to accelerate the Company s speed to market with proprietary, innovative products. The partnership connects Wabash to Purdue s Office of Industry Partnerships, allowing us to leverage Purdue University s resources to deliver new and improved sustainability-focused solutions to the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Significant Brand Recognition In January 2022, Wabash National Corporation and its portfolio of brands rebranded as Wabash and began a significant shift in the Company s go-to-market brand strategy. This rebranding provides the foundation to build upon our history of being one of the most widely recognized brands in the industry, recognized for quality, performance, and innovation leadership. It also positions us to increase the ease of doing business for customers and solve critical customer needs with innovative solutions across products from the first to final mile. In addition, we were named to the Forbes list of America s Best Small Companies 2023. 
 WMS and Enterprise Lean Our Wabash Management System WMS is a set of principles and standardized business processes for the purpose of achieving our strategic objectives. By codifying what makes our company great, the WMS drives focus on the interconnected processes that are critical for success across our business. WMS is based on forward planning and continuous capability evaluation as we simultaneously drive execution and breakthrough performance. WMS requires everyone to be an active contributor to our enterprise-wide lean efforts and enables growth through innovation and industry leading customer satisfaction and alliances. Our WMS principles underpin an ongoing improvement cycle that includes Strategic Planning and Deployment, Kaizen, and Daily Management. It is through this set of standards and thinking that we create a One Wabash approach to our customers, add new business capabilities, and enable profitable growth. 
 Safety, quality, delivery, cost, morale, and environment are the core elements of our program of continuous improvement. We currently maintain an ISO 14001 registration of the Environmental Management System at four facilities, which include our Lafayette, Indiana; Cadiz, Kentucky; San Jos Iturbide, Mexico; and Harrison, Arkansas locations. In addition, we have achieved ISO 9001 registration of the Quality Management Systems at our Lafayette, Indiana and Cadiz, Kentucky facilities. 
 Corporate Culture As further described above in the Human Capital Resources and Management section, we believe strong human capital acts as a competitive differentiator and our focus is not only on ensuring we have the right leaders in place to drive our strategic initiatives today, but also to nurture our talent pipeline to develop strong leaders for our company s future. To that end, we benefit from an experienced, value-driven management team and dedicated workforce. 
 We strive to achieve alignment at every layer and throughout all functional areas of our business and are focused on ensuring the right systems are in place to facilitate all team members working toward the same shared goals. Critical to this is the One Wabash mindset that our business is constructed of three interlinked segments that benefit from one another and are stronger as a result of being part of Wabash. 
 Extensive Distribution Network We utilize a network of 23 independent dealers with approximately 70 locations throughout North America to distribute our van trailers. Included in the numbers above are Bergey s Truck Centers and Allegiance Trucks, which were added to our dealer network during 2022. These dealers expanded our North American footprint, primarily in the northeastern part of the United States. Our platform trailer distribution network consists of 64 independent dealers with approximately 83 locations throughout North America. Our tank trailers are distributed through a network of 3 independent dealers with 6 locations throughout North America, along with additional arrangements to provide supplemental coverage as needed. Additionally, our truck body commercial network consists of more than 900 partners. Our commercial network primarily serves mid-market and smaller sized carriers and private fleets in the geographic region where the partner is located and occasionally may sell to large fleets. 
 Regulation 
 Truck trailer length, height, width, maximum weight capacity and other specifications are regulated by individual states. The federal government also regulates certain safety and environmental sustainability features incorporated in the design and use of truck and tank trailers, as well as truck bodies. These regulations include: requirements to install Electronic Logging Devices, the use of aerodynamic devices and fuel saving technologies, as well as operator restrictions as to hours of service and minimum driver safety standards (see Industry Trends included within Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on these regulations). In addition, most tank trailers we manufacture have specific federal regulations and restrictions that dictate tank design, material type and thickness. Manufacturing operations are subject to environmental laws enforced by federal, state and local agencies (see Environmental Matters ). 
 Products 
 Since our inception, we have worked to expand our product offerings from a single truck trailer dry van product to a broad range of connected solutions for the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries to help our customers move everything from first to final mile. We manage a diverse product portfolio, maintain long-standing customer relationships, and focus on innovative and breakthrough technologies within two operating segments. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Our current Transportation Solutions segment primarily includes the following products: 
 Van, Platform, and Tank Trailers 
 Dry Van Trailers. The dry van market represents our largest product line and includes trailers sold under the DuraPlate and DuraPlate HD trademarks. Our DuraPlate trailers utilize a proprietary technology that consists of a composite sandwich panel wall for increased durability and greater strength. In addition, we have introduced DuraPlate Cell Core, a modified DuraPlate panel that reduces the weight of a conventional 53-foot DuraPlate trailer by 300 pounds. 
 Platform Trailers. Platform trailers were sold under the Transcraft and Benson trademarks until the January 2022 rebranding as Wabash . Platform trailers consist of a trailer chassis with a flat or drop loading deck without permanent sides or a roof. These trailers are primarily utilized to haul steel coils, construction materials, and large equipment. In addition to our all steel and combination steel and aluminum platform trailers, we also offer a premium all-aluminum platform trailer. 
 Acutherm TM Refrigerated Trailers. Our refrigerated trailers provide thermal efficiency, maximum payload capacity, and superior damage resistance. Our refrigerated trailers were sold under the ArcticLite trademark until the January 2022 rebranding as Wabash and use our SolarGuard technology, coupled with our foaming process, which we believe enables customers to achieve lower costs through reduced operating hours of refrigeration equipment and therefore reduced fuel consumption. As previously discussed, our Acutherm TM refrigerated trailer with EcoNex TM Technology provides up to 28 improvement in thermal performance over Wabash s conventional ArcticLite refrigerated trailer construction, prevents water intrusion, slows foam degradation, and ultimately, extends equipment life. The all-composite floor system of the Acutherm TM refrigerated trailer with EcoNex TM Technology is being engineered to increase cube capacity and eliminate corrosion issues of conventional refrigerated trailers. 
 Tank Trailers. Our tank trailer offerings include several products dedicated to transportation solutions. These brands included Walker TM Transport, Brenner Tank, and Bulk Tank International until the January 2022 rebranding as Wabash . Our product offerings in this component of the TS segment include stainless steel and aluminum tank trailers for the dairy, food and beverage, oil, and gas markets, as well as stainless steel and fiberglass reinforced poly tank trailers for chemical end markets. 
 Specialty Trailers. These products include a wide array of specialty equipment and services generally focused on products that require a higher degree of customer specifications and requirements. These specialty products primarily relate to converter dollies. 
 Truck Bodies and Related Products 
 Wabash Dry Freight Truck Bodies. These truck bodies range from 12 to 30 feet in length with exterior walls assembled from one of several material options, including our premium DuraPlate panels, pre-painted aluminum sheet and post, or FiberPanel PW. Additional features include industry-leading durable one-piece front header design, LED marker lights, sealed wiring harnesses, hardwood flooring, and various door configurations to accommodate end-user loading and unloading requirements. This product is adaptable for a diverse range of uses in dry-freight transportation. 
 Cargo and Cargo XL Bodies. An ideal route truck for a variety of commercial applications, these van bodies are manufactured on cutaway chassis which allow access from the cab to the cargo area. This newly designed product line utilizes our DuraPlate panel wall construction as the foundation for a superior light duty delivery vehicle for the growing final mile segment of the truck body market we serve. 
 Insulated Acutherm TM Refrigerated Truck Bodies. These insulated van bodies, in lengths from 12 to 28 feet, provide versatility and dependability for temperature controlled applications. Flexible for either hand-load or pallet-load requirements, they are ideal for multi-stop distribution of both fresh and frozen products. Soon to be offered in late 2024, Acutherm TM Refrigerated Truck Bodies with EcoNex TM Technology will join the ranks of our refrigerated products introducing a lighter and more thermally efficient insulated wall, floor, and roof construction to meet the growing demand for a more sustainable thermal delivery solution for our customers. 
 Platform Truck Bodies. Our platform truck bodies offer various configurations with steel front bulkheads and removable stake racks on the sides and rear. The platform truck body is utilized for a broad range of manufacturing and construction industries transportation needs. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Light-Duty Acutherm TM Refrigerated Bodies with EcoNex TM Technology. Our new light-duty, home delivery refrigerated truck body with EcoNex TM Technology is being designed to maximize both cargo capacity and delivery productivity on chassis with gross vehicle weight ratings below 10,000 pounds. The purpose-built insulated body design facilitates a rack and tote system unique to the food distribution industry while creating easy access to separate temperature zones for perishable goods. 
 Other Transportation Solutions Components 
 Used Trailers. These products include the sale of used trailers through our used fleet sales center to facilitate additional new trailer sales with a focus on selling both large and small fleet trade packages to the wholesale market. 
 Wood Products. We manufacture laminated hardwood oak flooring used primarily in our dry van trailer products at our manufacturing operations located in Harrison, Arkansas. 
 Our current Parts Services segment primarily includes the following products: 
 Upfit, Parts, and Services Offerings 
 Aftermarket Parts and Services. Aftermarket component products are manufactured to provide continued support to our customers throughout the life-cycle of the trailer. Utilizing our on-site service centers, we provide a wide array of quality aftermarket parts and services to our customers. In addition, we provide parts and maintenance and repair services for tank trailers and other related equipment through our five tank service centers. 
 Truck Body Upfitting, Parts, and Services. Through our truck body upfitting locations, we offer solutions to help customize and ensure our products meet the needs of our customers. Offerings include steel flatbed bodies, truck body mounting, shelving for package delivery, partitions, roof racks, hitches, thermal solutions, liftgates, and more. We also offer direct-line access to truck body repair parts (generally for all manufacturers) and provide other services such as door repair and replacement, collision repair (generally for all manufacturers), and basic maintenance. In addition, we expect to provide service body mounting during 2023. We currently have six locations throughout the United States for truck body parts and services, five of which also offer upfitting services. 
 Wabash Parts LLC 
 Wabash Parts LLC. As further described in Note 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, during the second quarter of 2022, we unified and expanded our parts and distribution capabilities by executing an agreement with a partner to create a new legal entity (Wabash Parts LLC) to operate a parts and services distribution platform. The single channel distribution network will, over time, include the entire Wabash aftermarket portfolio and a wide range of transportation parts with increased inventory and faster shipping. In addition, the network utilizes Wabash s extensive network of equipment dealers service capabilities, as well as the infrastructure of industry-leading partners of national wholesale distribution for aftermarket heavy-duty truck and trailers parts, using multiple distribution centers across the United States. 
 Process Systems 
 Process Systems. Our process systems component is marketed under the Walker Engineered Products brand. Product offerings include stainless steel storage tanks and silos, mixers, and processors for the dairy, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, chemical, craft brewing, and biotech end markets. As further described in Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K, during the second quarter of 2021 we sold the Extract Technology business. Extract Technology manufactured stainless steel isolators and downflow booths, as well as custom-fabricated equipment including workstations and drum booths for the pharmaceutical, fine chemical, biotech, and nuclear end markets. 
 Other Parts Services Product Offerings 
 Trailers as a Service (TAAS) SM . Our TAAS initiative combines our market-leading trailer products with emerging capabilities like parts distribution and a growing maintenance and repair network in order to provide a valuable suite of services to our customers and contribute to our growing base of recurring revenue in our Parts Services operating segment. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Composites . Our Composites products focus on the use of DuraPlate composite panels and EcoNex TM technology beyond the semi-trailer market. Product offerings include truck bodies, overhead doors, and other industrial applications. We continue to develop new products and actively explore markets that can benefit from the proven performance of our proprietary technology. We offer a number of aerodynamic solutions designed to improve overall trailer aerodynamics and fuel economy, most notably the DuraPlate AeroSkirt , which is EPA Smartway verified and California Air Resource Board compliant. 
 Used Trailers . These products include the sale of used trailers that do not occur through our used fleet sales center. 
 Customers 
 Our customer base has historically included many of the nation s largest truckload common carriers, leasing companies, private fleet carriers, less-than-truckload common carriers, and package carriers. We continue to expand our customer base and achieve diversification through acquisitions, organic growth, product innovation, and through our extensive distribution and service network. All of these efforts have been accomplished while maintaining our relationships with our core customers. Our five largest customers together accounted for approximately 33 , 30 , and 21 of our aggregate net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No individual customer accounted for more than 10 or more of our aggregate net sales during the past three years. International sales accounted for less than 10 of net sales for each of the last three years. 
 We have established relationships as a supplier to many large customers in the transportation industry for our dry and refrigerated van products, platform trailers, and tank trailers, including the following: 
 Truckload Carriers: Averitt Express, Inc.; Crete Carrier Corporation; J.B. Hunt Transport Inc.; Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc.; and Werner Enterprises, Inc. 
 Less-Than-Truckload Carriers: FedEx Corporation; Old Dominion Freight Lines, Inc.; R L Carriers Inc.; and Saia, Inc. 
 Refrigerated Carriers: K B Transportation, Inc.; and Leonard s Express. 
 Leasing Companies: Penske Truck Leasing Company; Ryder System, Inc.; and Wells Fargo Equipment Finance, Inc. 
 Private Fleets: Dollar General Corporation; Kroger; Nestl USA; Target Corporation; and Walmart. 
 Liquid Carriers: Dana Liquid Transport Corporation; Highway Transport Logistics, Inc.; Oakley Transport, Inc.; and Quality Carriers, Inc. 
 Through our engineered products component of the Parts Services segment we also sell our products to other customers including, but not limited to, GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited and W.M. Sprinkman. 
 In addition, we sell our truck bodies to fleet leasing customers and direct customers including, but not limited to: Budget Truck Rental, LLC; Enterprise Holdings, Inc.; Penske Truck Leasing Company; and Ryder System, Inc. Notable end users of our truck body products include, but are not limited to: Amazon.com; Krispy Kreme, Inc.; Southern Glazer s Wine and Spirits of America; and The Hertz Corporation, a subsidiary of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 We market and distribute our products through the following channels: 
 Factory direct accounts; and 
 Independent dealerships. 
 Factory direct accounts are generally large fleets that are high volume purchasers. Historically, we have focused on the factory direct market in which customers are highly knowledgeable of the life-cycle costs of equipment and, therefore, are best equipped to appreciate the innovative design and value-added features of our products, as well as the value proposition for lower total cost of ownership over the life-cycle of our products. 
 We also sell our van, platform, and tank trailers through a network of independent dealers. Additionally, our truck body products are sold through commercial dealers. Our dealers primarily serve mid-market and smaller sized carriers and private fleets in the geographic region where the dealer is located and occasionally may sell to large fleets. The dealers may also perform service and warranty work for our customers. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Raw Materials 
 We utilize a variety of raw materials and components including, but not limited to, specialty steel coil, stainless steel, plastic, aluminum, lumber, tires, landing gear, axles and suspensions, which we purchase from a limited number of suppliers. While we manage some of our commodity price changes by entering into fixed price contracts with our suppliers and through financial derivatives, raw material costs as a percentage of net sales for 2022 increased slightly compared to 2021. Significant price fluctuations or shortages in raw materials or finished components have had, and could have in the future, adverse effects on our results of operations. In 2023 and for the foreseeable future, we expect that the raw materials used in the greatest quantity will be steel, aluminum, plastic, and wood. We will continue to endeavor to pass along raw material and component cost increases. Price increases used to offset inflation or disruption of supply in core materials have generally been successful, although sometimes are delayed. Increases in prices for these purposes represent a risk in execution. In an effort to minimize the effect of price fluctuations, we hedge certain commodities that have the potential to significantly impact our results of operations. 
 Backlog 
 Orders that have been confirmed by customers in writing and have defined delivery timeframes are included in our backlog. Orders that comprise our backlog may be subject to changes in quantities, delivery, specifications, terms, or cancellation. The following table presents backlog information as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Change 12-month backlog 2,787 2,526 10 Total backlog 3,396 2,526 34 
 The increase in rolling 12-month backlog as well as total backlog from December 31, 2021 is primarily related to high demand for our products in 2023, higher expected production and pricing, and long-term relationship agreements with certain strategic customers (including J.B. Hunt Transport Inc., which we announced in January 2023). We believe our backlog of orders is strong as of December 31, 2022 and is indicative of the overall industry s demand. 
 Patents and Intellectual Property 
 We hold or have applied for 147 patents in the U.S. on various components and techniques utilized in our manufacture of transportation equipment and engineered products. In addition, we hold or have applied for 154 patents or registered designs in foreign countries. Our patents include intellectual property related to the manufacture of trailers, containers, truck bodies, platform trailers, tanks, and other engineered products all of which we believe offer us a significant competitive advantage in the markets in which we compete. 
 Many of our patents include intellectual property related to the manufacture of trailers, containers, truck bodies, and platforms using our proprietary EcoNex TM Technology. Our EcoNex TM Technology is a molded structural composite technology and these patents and patent applications cover the use of extruded foam bricks assembled and cured together in different configurations with resins and fiber mats to create various components and structures including, for example, wall panels and flooring assemblies. We believe the intellectual property related to this use of composite technology in our industry, including proprietary knowledge of the processes involved in manufacturing these components and the resulting products, will offer us a significant market advantage to continue to create proprietary products exploiting this technology. These patent applications will not begin to expire until 2036. 
 Our DuraPlate patent portfolio includes several patents and pending patent applications, which cover not only utilization of our DuraPlate products in the manufacture of trailers, but also cover a number of aerodynamic-related products aimed at increasing the fuel efficiency of trailers, including DuraPlate AeroSkirt . U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications in our DuraPlate patent portfolio have expiration dates extending until 2036. Certain U.S. patents relating to the combined use of DuraPlate panels and logistics systems within the sidewalls of our dry van trailers will not expire until 2027 or after; several other issued U.S. patents and pending patent applications relating to the use of DuraPlate panels, or other composite materials, within aerodynamic-related products will not begin to expire until after 2030. Additionally, we also believe that our proprietary DuraPlate and DuraPlate Cell Core production processes, which have been developed and refined since 1995, offer us a significant competitive advantage in the industry above and beyond the benefits provided by any patent protection concerning the use and/or design of our DuraPlate products. We believe the proprietary knowledge of these processes and the significant intellectual and capital hurdles in creating similar production processes provide us with an advantage over others in the industry who utilize composite sandwich panel technology. 
 Additionally, our intellectual property portfolio includes patents related to the rear impact guard RIG ). The RIG patents include RIG designs which surpass the new federal regulatory RIG standards for the U.S. and Canada and will not begin to expire until 2035. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our intellectual property portfolio includes patents and patent applications covering many trailer industry components. These products have become highly desirable and are recognized for their innovation in the markets we serve. These patents include, for example, those covering the Trust Lock Plus door locking mechanism, the Max Clearance Overhead Door System, which provides additional overhead clearance when an overhead-style rear door is in the opened position that would be comparable to that of swing-door models, the use of bonded or riveted intermediate logistics strips, the bonded D-ring hold-down device, bonded skylights, and the DuraPlate arched roof. The patents covering these products will not expire before 2029. We believe all of these proprietary products offer us a competitive market advantage in the industries in which we compete. 
 We also hold or have applied for 50 trademarks in the U.S. as well as 84 trademarks in foreign countries. These trademarks include the Wabash brand as well as trademarks associated with our proprietary technologies and products such as DuraPlate , MaxClearance Overhead Door System, Trust Lock Plus , EZ-7 , DuraPlate Aeroskirt , Aeroskirt CX , DuraPlate HD , Lock-Rite , and EZ-Adjust . Further, our EcoNex TM Technology trademark application currently pending in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Australia covers our proprietary molded structural composites technology featured in many of our refrigerated solutions. Additional trademark and service mark applications covering our proprietary technologies include Acutherm TM covering an intelligent thermal management system of components, products, and solutions as well as our TAAS platform for providing customers with trailer pool services. We believe all of these trademarks are important for the identification of our products and the associated customer goodwill; however, our business is not materially dependent on such trademarks. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our facilities are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, wastewater discharges, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and occupational safety and health. Our operations and facilities have been, and in the future may become, the subject of enforcement actions or proceedings for non-compliance with such laws or for remediation of company-related releases of substances into the environment. Resolution of such matters with regulators can result in commitments to compliance abatement or remediation programs and, in some cases, the payment of penalties (see Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3 for more details). 
 We believe that our facilities are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Our facilities have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with these laws and regulations. However, we currently do not anticipate that the future costs of environmental compliance will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 
 Website Access to Company Reports 
 We use our Investor Relations website, ir.onewabash.com, as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, presentations, and financial information. We post filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities Exchange Commission SEC ), including our annual, quarterly, and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, our proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports or statements. All such postings and filings are available on our Investor Relations website. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following are the executive officers of the Company: 
 Name Age Position Brent L. Yeagy 52 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director on the Board of Directors M. Kristin Glazner 45 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Human Resources Officer, Corporate Secretary Kevin J. Page 61 Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Michael N. Pettit 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dustin T. Smith 45 Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Brent L. Yeagy. Since June 2018, Mr. Yeagy has been responsible for the strategic direction and operations of Wabash in his role as President and Chief Executive Officer. Before his appointment as President and CEO, Mr. Yeagy was President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2016 to June 2018. Mr. Yeagy joined Wabash in 2003 and held a number of positions with increasing responsibility, including Vice President of Manufacturing, Vice President and General Manager of Commercial Trailer Products, and Senior Vice President Group President, Commercial Trailer Products. Prior to Wabash, from 1999 to 2003, Mr. Yeagy held various positions within human resources, environmental engineering, and safety management for Delco Remy International. Mr. Yeagy served in various plant engineering roles at Rexnord Corporation from December 1995 through 1999. He also served in the United States Navy from 1991 to 1994. Mr. Yeagy holds a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Engineering Science and a Master of Science in Safety Engineering from Purdue University, and an MBA in Business Management from Anderson University. He has also attended executive programs at the University of Michigan s Ross School of Business as well as Stanford s Graduate School of Business. Mr. Yeagy is a graduate of the U.S. Navy s Naval Nuclear Power Program and participated in the Navy s Officer Candidate Program. 
 M. Kristin Glazner . Ms. Glazner was appointed to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Human Resources Officer, Corporate Secretary on June 1, 2020. She previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since November 2018. Ms. Glazner joined Wabash in February 2010 as Corporate Counsel and served in that role until October 2017, when she was appointed to the position of Vice President Human Resources and Legal Administration, then Vice President Corporate Human Resources. Before joining Wabash, Ms. Glazner was an attorney with the law firm Baker Daniels LLP (now Faegre Drinker Biddle Reath LLP) from 2002 to 2010. She holds a Juris Doctor degree from Indiana University Maurer School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Butler University. 
 Kevin J. Page. Mr. Page was appointed to Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer and has served in the role since March 23, 2020. He previously served as Wabash s Senior Vice President and Group President, Diversified Products Group and Final Mile Products since January 2020, after serving as Senior Vice President and Group President, Diversified Products Group from October 2017 to January 2020. Mr. Page joined Wabash in February 2017 as Vice President and General Manager, Final Mile and Distributed Services. Prior to Wabash, he was Interim President of Truck Accessories Group, LLC from 2015 to 2016, and Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Business Development from 2012 to 2015. He served as President of Universal Trailer Cargo Group from 2008 to 2012. Mr. Page also had a 23-year tenure at Utilimaster Corporation serving in various sales roles, including as Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Mr. Page has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Wabash College and an MBA (Executive) from Notre Dame. Throughout his career he has also completed executive programs at the University of Chicago, Harvard Business School, University of Michigan and American Management Association. 
 Michael N. Pettit . Mr. Pettit was appointed to Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in January 2020. He previously served as Senior Vice President and Group President, Final Mile Products (2018-2020) and Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations (2014 2018). He joined Wabash in 2012 as Director of Finance for Commercial Trailer Products. Prior to Wabash, from 1998 to 2012, Mr. Pettit held various finance positions with increasing responsibility at Ford Motor Company. With more than 20 years of experience in the transportation industry, he has a broad understanding of strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing strategy, production planning, and lean manufacturing processes and principles. Mr. Pettit has a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Management from Purdue University and an MBA from Indiana University. 
 Dustin T. Smith . Mr. Smith was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer on June 4, 2021. He previously served as Senior Vice President, Global Operations from March 2020 to June 2021. Mr. Smith joined Wabash in 2007 and has held a number of positions with increasing responsibility, including Director of Finance, Director of Manufacturing, Vice President of Manufacturing, Senior Vice President and General Manager - Commercial Trailer Products, and Senior Vice President and Group President - Commercial Trailer Products. Prior to Wabash, from 2000 to 2007, Mr. Smith held various positions at Ford Motor Company in Dearborn Michigan, across both product development and manufacturing divisions, including Plant Controller. His 19+ years of experience in finance and operations gives Mr. Smith a unique understanding of how manufacturing systems directly affect financial results. Mr. Smith holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and an MBA in Corporate Finance from Purdue University. He has also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School, in addition to attending several executive programs at the Booth School of Management from University of Chicago. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report before investing in our securities. Realization of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Business, Strategy and Operations 
 Demand for our products is sensitive to economic conditions over which we have no control and that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Demand for our products is sensitive to changes in economic conditions, including changes related to unemployment, consumer confidence, consumer income, new housing starts, industrial production, government regulations, inflationary pressures, and the availability of financing and interest rates. The status of these economic conditions periodically have an adverse effect on truck freight and the demand for, and the pricing of, our products, and have also resulted in, and could in the future result in, the inability of customers to meet their contractual terms or payment obligations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our business is highly cyclical and a downturn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 The truck trailer manufacturing industry historically has been, and is expected to continue to be, cyclical, as well as affected by overall economic conditions. Customers historically have replaced trailers in cycles that run from five to 12 years, depending on service and trailer type. Poor economic conditions can adversely affect demand for new trailers and has historically led to an overall aging of trailer fleets beyond a typical replacement cycle. Customers buying patterns can also be influenced by regulatory changes, such as federal hours-of-service rules as well as overall truck safety, limitations on vehicle weight, size, and configuration, and federal emissions standards. 
 The steps we have taken to diversify our product offerings through the implementation of our strategic plan do not insulate us from this cyclicality. During downturns, we operate with a lower level of backlog and have had to temporarily slow down or halt production at some or all of our facilities, including extending normal shut down periods and reducing salaried headcount levels. An economic downturn may reduce, and in the past has reduced, demand for trailers and our other products, resulting in lower sales volumes and lower prices and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Economic weakness and its impact on the markets and customers we serve could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 While the trailer industry has recently experienced a period of strong demand levels, we cannot provide any assurances that we will be profitable in future periods or that we will be able to sustain or increase profitability in the future. Increasing our profitability will depend on several factors including our ability to increase our overall trailer volumes, improve our gross margins, gain continued momentum on our product diversification efforts and manage our expenses. If we are unable to sustain profitability in the future, we may not be able to meet our payment and other obligations under our outstanding debt agreements. 
 We continue to be reliant on the credit, housing, energy and construction-related markets in the U.S. The same general economic concerns faced by us are also faced by our customers. We believe that some of our customers are highly leveraged and have limited access to capital, and their continued existence may be reliant on liquidity from global credit markets and other sources of external financing. Lack of liquidity by our customers could impact our ability to collect amounts owed to us and our failure to collect these amounts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our backlog may not be indicative of the level of our future revenues. 
 Our backlog represents future production for which we have written orders from our customers that have defined delivery timeframes. Orders that comprise our backlog may be subject to changes in quantities, delivery, specifications and terms, or cancellation. Our backlog recently increased due to strong demand, as well as shortages of materials, and labor, and may not remain at such levels in the future. Our reported backlog may not be converted to revenue in any particular period and actual revenue from such orders may not equal our backlog. Therefore, our backlog may not be fully indicative of the level of our future revenues. 
 Ongoing inflation could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Inflation rates in the markets in which we operate have increased and may continue to rise. Recent inflation has led us to experience higher costs of labor, materials and transportation. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices, and in the competitive markets in which we operate, we may not be able to make corresponding price increases to preserve our gross margins and profitability. Deteriorating economic and political conditions and uncertainty, such as increased unemployment, changes in capital spending, declines in consumer confidence, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could cause a decrease in demand for our products. If inflation rates continue to rise or remain elevated for a sustained period of time, they could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

The COVID-19 pandemic, or other outbreaks of disease or similar public health threats, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 The outbreak of COVID-19, and any other outbreaks of contagious diseases or other adverse public health developments in the United States or worldwide, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. COVID-19 has disrupted our operations, significantly impacted economic activity and markets worldwide, and could continue to negatively affect our business in a number of ways. These effects could include, but are not limited to: 
 Disruptions or restrictions on our employees ability to work effectively due to illness, travel bans, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, labor shortages within our facilities and/or absenteeism, increased employee turnover, or other limitations. 
 Temporary closures of our facilities or the facilities of our customers or suppliers, which could affect our ability to timely meet our customer s orders and negatively impact our supply chain. 
 In an effort to increase the wider availability of needed medical and other supplies and products, we may elect to, or governments may require us to, allocate manufacturing capacity (for example, pursuant to the U.S. Defense Production Act) in a way that adversely affects our regular operations and may result in adverse effects on our reputation and customer and supplier relationships. 
 Resulting cost increases from the effects of a pandemic such as COVID-19 may not be fully recoverable. 
 The failure of third parties on which we rely, including our suppliers, customers, contractors, commercial banks and external business partners, to meet their respective obligations to the Company, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties. 
 Commodity costs have become more volatile since the COVID-19 outbreak. We expect continued commodity cost volatility, and our commodity hedging program might not sufficiently offset this volatility. 
 Disruptions or uncertainties related to the COVID-19 outbreak for a sustained period of time and new phases of the outbreak could result in delays or modifications to our strategic plans and initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our strategic goals. 
 An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or intangible assets or a change in the useful life of definite-lived intangible assets could occur if there are sustained changes in consumer purchasing behaviors, government restrictions, financial results, or a deterioration of macroeconomic conditions. 
 Actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic may result in legal claims or litigation against us. 
 Some of our employees continue to work remotely, which may bring additional information technology and data security risks. 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or other outbreaks of disease or similar public health threats, materially and adversely impacts our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments. Such developments may include the geographic spread and duration of the virus (including any variants), the severity of the disease and the actions taken by various governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the outbreak. In addition, how quickly, and to what extent, normal economic and operating conditions can resume cannot be predicted, and normal business operations may be delayed or constrained by effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our suppliers, third-party service providers, and/or customers. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

We have a limited number of suppliers of raw materials and components; increases in the price of raw materials and components or the inability to obtain raw materials and components could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for raw materials and key components in the manufacturing of our products, such as tires, landing gear, axles, suspensions, specialty steel coil, stainless steel, plastic, aluminum and lumber. There have been, and may continue to be, shortages of supplies of raw materials or components (recently including foam insulation, suspension components and wiring), or our suppliers may place us on allocation, which has and would continue to have an adverse impact on our ability to meet demand for our products. Disruptions to the supply chain, shortages and allocations of raw materials and components have resulted and may continue to result in an increased backlog of orders for trailers and certain other products and inefficient operations, and in some cases may produce a build-up of inventory, all of which can negatively affect our working capital position, increase costs that are passed on to customers and delay our ability to fulfill customer orders. The loss of any of our suppliers or their inability to meet our price, quality, quantity and delivery requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, price volatility and changes in the availability of commodities we purchase, which have fluctuated significantly in the past, impact the pricing of raw materials, can increase production costs and could have negative impacts on our operating margins. 
 The ongoing global supply chain disruption continues to interfere with our ability to receive raw materials, components and commodities as scheduled and at expected costs. Such disruptions have been compounded with logistical factors that include reduced freight, railway, trucking and air capacity and delays, shortages of shipping containers and chassis, natural disasters and severe weather conditions, trade conflicts and labor availability constraints, which have resulted in increased transportation costs, shortages of raw materials, components and commodities, inefficient order fulfillment and significant order backlogs. Our supply chain may also continue to be impacted by damaging weather or acts of nature (including acts of nature caused by climate change). Supply chain disruptions, which may also include capacity constraints, effects of economic downturn, cybersecurity threats, geopolitical uncertainties and other related interferences, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We may fail to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow from our agreement to create Wabash Parts LLC, a jointly owned legal entity. 
 Our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flow from our recent agreement with a partner to create Wabash Parts LLC, a jointly owned legal entity, will depend, in substantial part, on each party s ability to successfully operate a parts and services distribution platform and achieve our projected distribution goals. While we believe we will ultimately achieve these objectives, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve all of the goals within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. If we are not able to successfully complete our parts and services distribution strategy, the anticipated enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flows resulting from this joint venture may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 As part of the joint venture, we have the obligation to absorb the benefits and losses of Wabash Parts LLC that could potentially be significant to the entity. We are also required to provide funding to the entity if needed. These potential losses and funding requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results or operations. 
 We rely significantly on information technology to support our operations and if we are unable to protect against service interruptions or security breaches, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We depend on a number of information technologies, some of which are managed by third parties, to integrate departments and functions, enhance the ability to service customers, improve our control environment, and manage our cost reduction initiatives. We also collect and store certain sensitive data in data centers owned by third parties and on information technology networks. The secure maintenance and operation of these data centers and information technology networks is critical for our business operations and strategy. We have put in place a number of systems, processes, and practices designed to protect against the failure of our technologies, as well as the misappropriation, exposure or corruption of the information stored thereon. Unintentional service disruptions or intentional actions such as intellectual property theft, cyber-attacks, unauthorized access, or malicious software, may lead to such misappropriation, exposure or corruption if our protective measures prove to be inadequate. Any issues involving these critical business applications and infrastructure may adversely impact our ability to manage operations and the customers we serve. We could also encounter violations of applicable law or reputational damage from the disclosure of confidential business, customer, or employee information or the failure to protect the privacy rights of our employees in their personal identifying information. In addition, the disclosure of non-public information could lead to the loss of our intellectual property and diminished competitive advantages. Should any of the foregoing events occur, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

The inability to attract and retain key personnel or a sufficient workforce could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our ability to operate our business and implement our strategies depends, in part, on the efforts of our executive officers and other key associates. Low unemployment and tight labor markets have impacted and may continue to negatively impact our ability to retain a sufficient workforce of qualified personnel. The labor shortage, increased competition in the hiring market, high employee turnover rates and the resulting impacts of increased recruitment costs, wages and training and related inefficiencies, have disrupted and may continue to disrupt our ability to meet consumer demands and expectations. Our future success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including manufacturing personnel, sales professionals and engineers. The unexpected loss of services of any of our key personnel or the failure to attract or retain other qualified personnel, including personnel with engineering and technical expertise in the industry, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to execute on our long-term strategic plan and growth initiatives, or meet our long-term financial goals, and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our long-term strategic plan is intended to generate long-term value for our shareholders while delivering profitable growth through all our business segments. The long-term financial goals that we expect to achieve as a result of our long-term strategic plan and organic growth initiatives are based on certain assumptions, which may prove to be incorrect. Organically, our focus is on profitably growing and diversifying our operations by leveraging our existing assets, capabilities, and technology into higher margin products and markets and thereby providing value-added customer solutions, including continuing to expand and develop our parts services operating segment. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to fully execute on our strategic plan or growth initiatives, which are subject to a variety of risks including our ability to: diversify the product offerings of our non-trailer businesses, including continuing to expand and develop our parts and services offerings; leverage acquired businesses and assets to grow sales with our existing products; design, develop, and commercialize new products to meet the needs of our customers; increase the pricing of our products and services to offset cost increases and expand gross margins; scale our manufacturing capacity and resources to efficiently meet customer demand; and execute potential future acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, and other business development opportunities. If we are unable to successfully execute on our strategic plan, we may experience increased competition, material adverse financial consequences and a decrease in the value of our stock. Additionally, our management s attention to the implementation of the strategic plan, which includes our efforts at diversification, may distract them from implementing our core business which may also have material adverse financial consequences. 
 Volatility in the supply of vehicle chassis and other vehicle components could have a material adverse effect on our truck body product line. 
 With the exception of some specialty vehicle products, we generally do not purchase vehicle chassis for our inventory and accept shipments of vehicle chassis owned by dealers or end-users for the purpose of installing and/or manufacturing our specialized truck bodies on such chassis. Historically, General Motors Company GM ), Freightliner Custom Chassis Freightliner ), International Truck International ), and Ford Motor Company Ford have been the primary suppliers of chassis. In the event of a disruption in supply from one major supplier, we would attempt to use another major supplier, but there can be no assurance that this attempt would be successful. Nevertheless, in the event of chassis supply disruptions, there could be unforeseen consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our truck body operations. 
 We also face risks relative to finance and storage charges for maintaining an excess supply of chassis from GM, Freightliner, International, and Ford. Under the converter chassis pool agreements, if a chassis is not delivered to a customer within a specified time frame, we are required to pay finance or storage charges on such chassis. 
 A change in our customer relationships or in the financial condition of our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We have longstanding relationships with a number of large customers to whom we supply our products. We do not have long-term agreements with these customers. Our success is dependent, to a significant extent, upon the continued strength of these relationships and the growth of our core customers. We often are unable to predict the level of demand for our products from these customers, or the timing of their orders. In addition, the same economic conditions that adversely affect us also often adversely affect our customers. Furthermore, we are subject to a concentration of risk as the five largest customers together accounted for approximately 33 of our aggregate net sales in 2022. Over the previous three years, no customer has individually accounted for greater than 10 of our annual aggregate net sales. The loss of a significant customer or unexpected changes or delays in product purchases could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Significant competition in the industries in which we operate may result in our competitors offering new or better products and services or lower prices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 The industries in which we participate are highly competitive. We compete with other manufacturers of varying sizes, some of which have substantial financial resources. Manufacturers compete primarily on the quality of their products, customer relationships, service availability and price. Additionally, we face increasing competition to develop innovative products that result in lower emissions. Manufacturing over-capacity and high leverage of some of our competitors, along with bankruptcies and financial stresses that affected the industry, have in the past contributed, and may in the future contribute to significant pricing pressures. 
 If we are unable to successfully compete with other manufacturers, we could lose customers and our revenues may decline. In addition, competitive pressures in the industry may affect the market prices of our new and used equipment, which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our truck body product lines compete in the highly competitive specialized vehicle industry which may impact its financial results. 
 The competitive nature of the specialized vehicle industry creates a number of challenges for our truck body products. Important factors include product pricing, quality of product, lead times, geographic proximity to customers, and the ability to manufacture a product customized to customer specifications. Specialized vehicles are produced by a number of smaller, regional companies which create product pricing pressures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our technology and products may not achieve market acceptance or competing products could gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We continue to optimize and expand our product offerings to meet our customers needs. While we target product development to meet customer needs, there is no assurance that our product development efforts will be embraced and that we will meet our strategic goals, including sales projections. Companies in the truck transportation industry, a very fluid industry in which our customers primarily operate, make frequent changes to maximize their operations and profits. 
 A number of our competitors followed our leadership in the development and use of composite sidewalls that brought them into direct competition with our DuraPlate products. Our product development is focused on maintaining our leadership for these products but competitive pressures may erode our market share or margins. We hold U.S. and foreign utility and design patents and patent applications on various components and techniques utilized in our manufacturing of transportation equipment and products with expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2045. We continue to take steps to protect our proprietary rights in our products and the processes used to produce them. However, the steps we have taken may not be sufficient or may not be enforced by a court of law. If we are unable to protect our intellectual properties, other parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain or use our products or technology. If competitors are able to use our technology, our ability to effectively compete could be harmed and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, litigation related to intellectual property could result in substantial costs and efforts which may not result in a successful outcome. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Disruption of our manufacturing operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We manufacture our van trailer products at two facilities in Lafayette, Indiana, a flatbed trailer facility in Cadiz, Kentucky, a hardwood floor facility in Harrison, Arkansas, three liquid-transportation systems facilities in New Lisbon, Wisconsin; Fond du Lac, Wisconsin; and Queretaro, Mexico, two engineered products facilities in New Lisbon, Wisconsin; and Elroy, Wisconsin, five truck body facilities in Goshen, Indiana; Cleburne, Texas; Griffin, Georgia; Jonestown, Pennsylvania; and Moreno Valley, California, produce composite products in Lafayette, Indiana, and produce our EcoNex TM products in Little Falls, Minnesota. Our production at these facilities could be subject to disruptions which may include work stoppages, severe weather, natural disaster or other catastrophic events beyond our control. The effects of climate change, including increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events, natural disasters, long term changes in temperature levels and water availability, may exacerbate these risks, and could increase the costs of insuring company assets. An unexpected disruption in our production at any of these facilities for any length of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Similarly, if one or more of our customers experiences an unexpected disruption, that customer may reduce or halt purchases of our products, which could result in reduced production or other cost-reduction initiatives at our related manufacturing facilities. 
 Our failure to effectively manage, safeguard, design, manufacture, service, repair, and maintain our leased (or subleased) trailers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our Trailers as a Service (TAAS) SM initiative will include leased and subleased trailers. These trailers and our future TAAS initiative trailers will have long economic lives and managing our evolving trailer fleet will be a critical element to our leasing business. 
 As a new entrant into the leasing and subleasing industry, we will face significant risks and challenges to our business and prospects, including, among other things, with respect to our ability to design and build long-lived products that are aligned with freight leasing customer needs and changes in legislation and regulations in the various markets in which we operate, and cost-effectively maintain and repair our fleet to maximize the economic life of the products and the proceeds we receive from product sales. As the needs of our freight leasing customers and the scope of our customers change, we may incur costs to relocate or retrofit our assets to better meet shifts in demand. If the distribution of our assets is not aligned with regional demand or there is excess leased equipment in the fleet industry, we may be unable to take advantage of sales and leasing opportunities in certain regions, despite excess inventory in other regions. 
 If we do not appropriately manage the design, manufacture, repair and maintenance of our product fleet, or if we are unexpectedly unable to complete such repair or maintenance or suffer unexpected losses of equipment due to theft or obsolescence, we may be required to incur impairment charges for equipment that is beyond economic repair or incur significant capital expenditures to build new equipment to serve demand. These failures may also result in personal injury or property damage claims and termination of leases or contracts by customers. Costs of contract performance, potential litigation and profits lost from termination could materially adversely affect our future operating results and cash flows. If a significant number of leased units are returned in a short period of time, a large supply of units would need to be remarketed. If we are not able to successfully manage our lease assets or remarket a large influx of units returning from leases, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We are subject to extensive governmental laws and regulations, and our costs related to compliance with, or our failure to comply with, existing or future laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 The length, height, width, maximum weight capacity and other specifications of truck and tank trailers are regulated by individual states. The federal government also regulates certain trailer safety features, such as lamps, reflective devices, tires, air-brake systems and rear-impact guards. In addition, most tank trailers we manufacture have specific federal regulations and restrictions that dictate tank design, material type and thickness. Changes or anticipation of changes in these regulations can have a material impact on our financial results, as our customers may defer purchasing decisions and we may have to re-engineer products. We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations dealing with the transportation, storage, presence, use, disposal and handling of hazardous materials, discharge of storm water and underground fuel storage tanks, and we may be subject to liability associated with operations of prior owners of acquired property. In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the employment of our employees and labor-related practices. 
 If we are found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Our costs of complying with these or any other current or future regulations may be material. Such regulations include technical safety standards that could delay product development or require manufacturer recall campaigns to remedy certain defects. In addition, if we fail to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Changes to U.S. or foreign tax laws could affect our effective tax rate and our future profitability. 
 Tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. Changes in tax legislation could significantly impact our overall profitability, the provisions for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, and our deferred tax asset and liability balances. 
 Changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 The U.S. government previously announced, and in some cases implemented, an approach to trade policy that includes renegotiating or potentially terminating certain trade agreements, as well as implementing or increasing tariffs on foreign goods and raw materials such as steel and aluminum. These tariffs and potential tariffs have resulted, or may result, in increased prices for certain imported goods and raw materials. While we source the majority of our materials and components domestically, tariffs and potential tariffs have caused, and may continue to cause, increases and volatility in prices for domestically sourced goods and materials that we require for our products, particularly aluminum and steel. When the costs of our components and raw materials increase, we may not be able to hedge or pass on these costs to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Product liability and other legal claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 As a manufacturer of products widely used in commerce, we are subject to product liability claims and litigation, as well as warranty claims. From time to time claims may involve material amounts and novel legal theories, and any insurance we carry may not provide adequate coverage to insulate us from material liabilities for these claims. 
 In addition to product liability claims, we are subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as workers compensation claims, OSHA investigations, employment disputes and customer and supplier disputes arising out of the conduct of our business. Litigation may result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources from the operation of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Climate change and related public focus from regulators and various stakeholders could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 There is scientific consensus and increased public concern that emissions of greenhouse gases are linked to global climate changes. Climate changes, such as extreme weather conditions, including floods or hurricanes, decreased water availability or quality, sea level changes, extreme fires and overall temperature shifts, may have physical impacts on our facilities and operations, as well as those of our suppliers and customers. Such impacts are geographically specific, highly uncertain and may result in diminished availability of materials, indirect financial risks passed through our supply chain, decreased demand for our products and adverse impacts on our financial performance and operations. 
 These considerations may also result in additional and increasingly stringent international, national, regional or local legislative or regulatory responses to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions. Timing and scope of any regulations are uncertain and regulation could result in additional costs of compliance, increased energy, transportation and materials costs and other additional expenses to improve the efficiency of our products, facilities and operations. We could also face increased costs related to defending and resolving legal claims and other litigation related to climate change regulations and the alleged impact of our operations on climate change. 
 Relatedly, the expectations of our customers, stockholders and employees have heightened in areas such as the environment, social matters and corporate governance. Increased public focus requires us to provide information on our approach to these issues, including certain climate-related matters such as mitigating greenhouse gas emissions, and continuously monitor related reporting standards. A failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations or to comply with climate change related regulations may result in a loss of business, diminished ability to successfully market our products to new and existing customers, decreased demand for our products, diluted market valuation or an inability to attract and retain key personnel. 
 Failure to meet environmental, social and governance ESG expectations or standards or to achieve our ESG goals could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 We make statements about our ESG goals and initiatives through information provided on our website, press statements and other communications, including through our Corporate Responsibility Report. Our publicly announced goals, commitments and targets, which we may refine or expand further in the future, reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Responding to these ESG considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments and are impacted by factors that may be outside our control. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Such risks and uncertainties include: 
 Reputational harm, including damage to our relationships with customers, suppliers, investors, governments or other stakeholders 
 Adverse impacts on our ability to sell and manufacture products 
 The success of our collaborations with third parties 
 Increased risk of litigation, investigations or regulatory enforcement action 
 Unfavorable ESG ratings or investor sentiment 
 Diversion of resources and increased costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics 
 Our ability to achieve our goals, commitments and targets within the timeframes announced 
 Access to and increased cost of capital and 
 Adverse impacts on our stock price. 
 In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. Stakeholders also may have very different views on where ESG focus should be placed, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Any failure, or perceived failure, to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state or international ESG laws and regulations or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and other long-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results. 
 We have a substantial amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets on our balance sheet as a result of acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill allocated to our TS and P S segments was approximately 120.5 million (or 64 of our total goodwill) and 67.9 million (or 36 of our total goodwill), respectively. The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of an acquired business in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of other long-lived intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks and trade names (until the non-cash impairment charge discussed throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K), customer relationships and technology as of the acquisition date, net of accumulated amortization. Under generally accepted accounting principles, goodwill is required to be reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if potential interim indicators exist that could result in impairment, and other long-lived intangible assets require review for impairment only when indicators exist. If any business conditions or other factors cause profitability or cash flows to significantly decline, we may be required to record an additional non-cash impairment charge, which could adversely affect our operating results. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a prolonged period of global economic weakness, a decline in economic conditions or a slow, weak economic recovery, sustained declines in the price of our common stock, adverse changes in the regulatory environment, adverse changes in the market share of our products, adverse changes in interest rates, or other factors leading to reductions in the long-term sales or profitability that we expect. 
 There is no assurance that we will have the ability to continue a regular quarterly dividend. 
 Our ability to pay dividends, and our Board of Directors determination to maintain our current dividend policy, will depend on numerous factors, including: 
 The state of our business, competition, and changes in our industry; 
 Changes in the factors, assumptions, and other considerations made by our Board of Directors in reviewing and revising our dividend policy; 
 Our future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity needs, and capital resources; and 
 Our various expected cash needs, including cash interest and principal payments on our indebtedness, capital expenditures, the purchase price of acquisitions, and taxes. 
 Each of the factors listed above could negatively affect our ability to pay dividends in accordance with our dividend policy or at all. In addition, the Board may elect to suspend or alter the current dividend policy at any time. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to fund our working capital needs and capital expenditures, and our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, is limited by the net cash provided by operations, cash on hand and available borrowings under our Credit Agreement (as defined below). Declines in net cash provided by operations, increases in working capital requirements necessitated by an increased demand for our products and services, decreases in the availability under the Credit Agreement or changes in the credit our suppliers provide to us, could rapidly exhaust our liquidity. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to fund our day-to-day operations or to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, and other cash requirements, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures or to sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, such alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Rising interest rates, along with actions by credit ratings agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to our ratings outlook, may also reduce our ability to access the capital markets and/or increase our cost of capital either of which could have material adverse effects on our financial condition and cash flows. The indenture governing the New Senior Notes and the Credit Agreement (each, as defined below) restrict (a) our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from any such dispositions and (b) the Company s and our subsidiaries ability to raise debt or certain equity capital to be used to repay our indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our indebtedness. 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, it will be in default and, as a result, holders of our outstanding debt could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under the Credit Agreement could terminate their commitments to loan money, our secured lenders could foreclose against the assets securing such borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations thereunder. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 400.0 million of total indebtedness, and approximately 344.3 million of additional borrowings were available and undrawn under the Revolving Credit Agreement (as defined below). We also have other contractual obligations and currently pay a regular quarterly dividend of 0.08 per share, or approximately 4.0 million in the aggregate per quarter. 
 Our debt level could have significant consequences on future operations and financial position. For example, it could: 
 Negatively affect our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt; 
 Increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 Limit our ability to fund future capital expenditures and working capital, to engage in future acquisitions or development activities, or to otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments of interest and principal or to comply with any restrictive terms of our debt; 
 Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 Impair our ability to obtain additional financing or to refinance our indebtedness in the future; 
 Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may have proportionately less debt; and 
 Impact our ability to continue to fund a regular quarterly dividend. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

International operations are subject to increased risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our ability to manage our business and conduct operations internationally is subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
 public health crises, including the spread of a contagious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic (or other future pandemics or epidemics), quarantines or shutdowns related to public health crises and other catastrophic events; 
 economic and political instability, including international conflicts, war, acts of terrorism, or the threat thereof, political or labor unrest, civil unrest, riots, or insurrections; 
 Challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences and by doing business with foreign agencies and governments; 
 Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content; 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations and our ability to manage these fluctuations; 
 Foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the U.S.; 
 Import and export requirements that may prevent us from shipping products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating costs; 
 Potentially adverse tax consequences; and 
 Different expectations regarding working hours, work culture and work-related benefits. 
 Compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to international operations may increase our cost of doing business and could expose us or our employees to fines, penalties and other liabilities. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include import and export requirements, content requirements, trade restrictions, tax laws, environmental laws and regulations, sanctions, internal and disclosure control rules, data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, and U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and substantially equivalent local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials and/or other foreign persons. Any violation of the laws and regulations that apply to our operations and properties could result in, among other consequences, fines, environmental and other liabilities, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services to one or more countries. Such consequences could materially damage our reputation, brand, business, efforts to diversify our business, ability to attract and retain employees, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. 
 Provisions of the New Senior Notes could discourage a potential future acquisition of us by a third party. 
 Certain provisions of the New Senior Notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. Upon the occurrence of certain transactions constituting a fundamental change, holders of the New Senior Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all of their New Senior Notes, as applicable, or any portion of the principal amount of such New Senior Notes, as applicable. In addition, the indentures governing the New Senior Notes prohibit us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the New Senior Notes. These and other provisions of the New Senior Notes could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 Our New Senior Notes indenture and Credit Agreement contain restrictive covenants that, if breached, could limit our financial and operating flexibility and subject us to other risks. 
 Our New Senior Notes indenture and Credit Agreement include customary covenants limiting our ability to, among other things, pay cash dividends, incur debt or liens, redeem or repurchase stock, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge, dissolve, repay subordinated indebtedness, make investments and dispose of assets. As required under our Credit Agreement, we are required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 as of the end of any period of 12 fiscal months when excess availability under the facility is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the lesser of (i) the total revolving commitments and (ii) the borrowing base (such lesser amount, the Line Cap and (b) 25 million. 
 If availability under the Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (i) 10 of the Line Cap and (ii) 25 million for three consecutive business days, if there exists an event of default, amounts in any of the Borrowers and the Guarantors deposit accounts (other than certain excluded accounts) will be transferred daily into a blocked account held by the Agent and applied to reduce the outstanding amounts under the facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we believe we are in compliance with the provisions of our New Senior Notes indenture and our Credit Agreement. Our ability to comply with the various terms and conditions in the future may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 
 Our common stock has experienced, and may continue to experience, price and trading volume volatility. 
 The trading price and volume of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to large fluctuations. The market price and volume of our common stock may increase or decrease in response to a number of events and factors, including: 
 Trends in our industry and the markets in which we operate; 
 Changes in the market price of the products we sell; 
 The introduction of new technologies or products by us or by our competitors; 
 Changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; 
 Operating results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, financings or capital commitments; 
 Changes in laws and regulations; 
 Any announcement that we plan to issue additional equity to the public; 
 General economic and competitive conditions; and 
 Changes in key management personnel. 
 This volatility may adversely affect the prices of our common stock regardless of our operating performance. To the extent that the price of our common stock declines, our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or otherwise use our common stock as consideration will be reduced. These factors may limit our ability to implement our operating and growth plans. 
 Also, shareholders may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance shareholder proposals or otherwise attempt to effect changes or acquire control over the Company. Such shareholder campaigns could disrupt the Company s operations and divert the attention of the Company s Board of Directors and senior management and employees from the pursuit of business strategies and adversely affect the Company s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 We have manufacturing and retail operations located throughout the United States as well as a facility in Mexico. Properties owned by Wabash are subject to security interests held by our lenders. We believe the facilities we are now using, as well as any planned capacity expansions, are adequate and suitable for our current business operations and the currently foreseeable level of operations. The following table provides information regarding the locations of our major facilities. In addition to the locations listed below, we have other facilities in the United States. 
 Location 
 
 Owned or Leased 
 
 Description of Primary Activities at Location 
 Primary Segment and Products Cadiz, Kentucky Owned Manufacturing Transportation Solutions (Platform Trailers) Cleburne, Texas 
 
 Owned/Leased 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Transportation Solutions and Parts Services (Truck Bodies) Fond du Lac, Wisconsin Owned Manufacturing Transportation Solutions and Parts Services (Tank Trailers) Goshen, Indiana 
 
 Owned 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Transportation Solutions and Parts Services (Truck Bodies) Griffin, Georgia Owned Manufacturing Transportation Solutions and Parts Services (Truck Bodies) Jonestown, Pennsylvania 
 
 Owned/Leased 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Transportation Solutions and Parts Services (Truck Bodies) Lafayette, Indiana Owned/Leased Corporate Headquarters, Manufacturing Transportation Solutions and Parts Services (Van Trailer Products) Moreno Valley, California 
 Owned/Leased 
 Manufacturing 
 Transportation Solutions (Truck Bodies) New Lisbon, Wisconsin Owned Manufacturing Transportation Solutions and Parts Services (Tank Trailers Engineered Products) San Jos Iturbide, Mexico 
 Owned 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Transportation Solutions (Tank Trailers) 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were named as a defendant or were otherwise involved in numerous legal proceedings and governmental examinations, including class action lawsuits, in connection with the conduct of our business activities, in various jurisdictions, both in the United States and internationally. Accrual for losses have been recorded for those matters deemed both probable and reasonably estimated. On the basis of information currently available to us, management does not believe that existing proceedings and investigations will have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition or liquidity if determined in a manner adverse to us. However, such matters are unpredictable, and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements for current or future claims that could materially and adversely affect our financial statements. Costs associated with the litigation and settlements of legal matters are reported within General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Environmental Disputes 
 In August 2014, we received notice as a potentially responsible party PRP by the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control (the DHEC pertaining to the Philip Services Site located in Rock Hill, South Carolina pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA and corresponding South Carolina statutes. PRPs include parties identified through manifest records as having contributed to deliveries of hazardous substances to the Philip Services Site between 1979 and 1999. The DHEC s allegation that we were a PRP arises out of four manifest entries in 1989 under the name of a company unaffiliated with Wabash National Corporation (or any of its former or current subsidiaries) that purport to be delivering a de minimis amount of hazardous waste to the Philip Services Site c/o Wabash National Corporation. As such, the Philip Services Site PRP Group (the PRP Group notified Wabash in August 2014 that it was offering us the opportunity to resolve any liabilities associated with the Philip Services Site by entering into a Cash Out and Reopener Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with the PRP Group, as well as a Consent Decree with the DHEC. We have accepted the offer from the PRP Group to enter into the Settlement Agreement and Consent Decree, while reserving its rights to contest its liability for any deliveries of hazardous materials to the Philips Services Site. The requested settlement payment is immaterial to our financial condition and results of operations, and as a result, if the Settlement Agreement and Consent Decree are finalized, the payment to be made by us thereunder is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 On November 13, 2019, we received notice that we were considered one of several PRPs by the Indiana Department of Environmental Management IDEM under CERCLA and state law related to substances found in soil and groundwater at a property located at 817 South Earl Avenue, Lafayette, Indiana (the Site ). We have never owned or operated the Site, but the Site is near certain of our owned properties. In 2020, we agreed to implement a limited work plan to further investigate the source of the contamination at the Site and worked with IDEM and other PRPs to finalize the terms of the work plan. We submitted our initial site investigation report to IDEM during the third quarter of 2020, indicating that the data collected by our consultant confirmed that our properties are not the source of contamination at the Site. In December 2021, after completing further groundwater sampling work, we submitted to IDEM a supplemental written report, which again stated that we are not a responsible party and our properties are not a source of any contamination. In June 2022, we and other PRPs finalized Work Plan Addendum No. 3, which provides for additional groundwater sampling on another PRP property in the next six months. As of December 31, 2022, based on the information available, we do not expect this matter to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Information Regarding our Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol WNC. The number of record holders of our common stock at February 15, 2023 was 534. 
 In December 2016, our Board of Directors approved the reinstatement of a dividend program under which we pay regular quarterly cash dividends to holders of our common stock. Prior to 2017, no dividends had been paid since the third quarter of 2008. Payments of cash dividends depends on our future earnings, capital availability, financial condition, and the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and approved by our stockholders, authorizes 225 million shares of capital stock, consisting of 200 million shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 25 million shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total returns for an investment in our common stock, the S P 500 Composite Index, and the Dow Jones Transportation Index. It covers the period commencing December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value for the investment in our common stock and in each index was 100 on December 31, 2017. 
 Comparative of Cumulative Total Return 
 December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 
 among Wabash National Corporation, the S P 500 Index, 
 and the Dow Jones Transportation Index 
 Base Period December 31, Indexed Returns Years ended December 31, Company/Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Wabash National Corporation 100.00 61.29 70.77 84.12 96.84 113.67 S P 500 Index 100.00 93.76 120.84 140.49 178.27 143.61 Dow Jones Transportation Index 100.00 86.41 102.72 117.85 155.28 126.19 
 Purchases of Our Equity Securities 
 In August 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of an additional 150 million in shares of common stock over a three-year period. This authorization was an increase to the previous 100 million repurchase programs approved in November 2018, February 2017, and February 2016. The repurchase program is set to expire in August 2024. Stock repurchases under this program may be made in the open market or in private transactions at times and in amounts determined by us. During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were 461,662 shares repurchased pursuant to our repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, 105.2 million remained available under the program. Additionally, for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were 1,576 shares surrendered or withheld to cover minimum employee tax withholding obligations generally upon the vesting of restricted stock awards. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Amount That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs in millions) October 2022 191,225 16.88 190,610 111.7 November 2022 139,956 23.88 139,902 108.3 December 2022 132,057 24.00 131,150 105.2 Total 463,238 21.02 461,662 105.2 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6 RESERVED 
 
 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A describes the matters that we consider to be important to understanding the results of our operations for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our capital resources and liquidity as of December 31, 2022. Our discussion begins with a COVID-19 update as well as our assessment of the condition of the North American trailer industry along with a summary of the actions we have taken to strengthen the Company. We then analyze the results of our operations for the last two years, including the trends in the overall business and our operating segments, followed by a discussion of our cash flows and liquidity, capital markets events and transactions, our debt obligations, and our contractual commitments. We also provide a review of the critical accounting judgments and estimates that we have made that we believe are most important to an understanding of our MD A and our consolidated financial statements. We conclude our MD A with information on recent accounting pronouncements that we adopted during the year, if any, as well as those not yet adopted that may have an impact on our financial accounting practices, if any. 
 For discussion of results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 
 COVID-19 Update 
 In March 2020, a global pandemic was declared by the World Health Organization related to COVID-19. This pandemic has created significant uncertainties and disruptions in the global economy. We continue to monitor the ongoing challenges of an endemic infection and remain focused on the health and safety of our employees, as well as the health of our business, as we manage our operating plans and consider the most recent developments, the best practice guidelines by health experts, the number of cases in the United States, and local, state, and federal requirements. While we have moved to an endemic phase, the COVID-19 pandemic has had lasting effects and continues to cause supply chain, labor, and raw material constraints that impact global markets. 
 Refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional information regarding the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 The most recent estimates from industry forecasters ACT Research Co. ACT and FTR Associates FTR indicate total United States trailer production levels for 2022 of approximately 304,000 and 305,000, respectively, which each represent an increase of approximately 14 from 2021 production levels. While there remains some uncertainty in the industry, particularly around supply chain disruptions and labor shortages that are partially due to COVID-19 impacts, the outlook for the overall trailer market remains strong, and we believe our backlog of orders provides a solid foundation for 2023. 
 Current estimates from ACT and FTR for 2023 United States trailer production are 303,000 and 318,000, respectively, representing a decrease and an increase from 2022 of approximately -0.4 and 4 , respectively. These estimates are generally in-line with our expectations as trailer manufacturers, consistent with prior year, prepare to ramp-up production for strong 2023 demand. 
 In addition, ACT is forecasting annual new trailer production levels for 2024, 2025, 2026, and 2027 of approximately 275,000, 309,000, 286,000, and 298,000, respectively. We believe these estimates for production will remain above replacement demand over the next several years. While these estimates are more historically consistent production levels in the trailer industry, industry forecasters continue to note that certain issues, such as supply chain constraints and tight labor markets, could impact these estimates and production. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on strong demand in 2023, and we remain well-suited in case the environment diverges from our expectations with a strong balance sheet and liquidity profile. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Despite a certain degree of continued uncertainty of the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, primarily centered around supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, we believe we have maintained a solid position from a liquidity perspective over the last several years. While we are focused in the near-term on executing on strong demand in 2023, we also continue to work on strategic initiatives to profitably grow the Company in the long-term. This includes adding 20 more dry van manufacturing capacity, with production scheduled to begin during the first half of 2023. We continue to believe this additional manufacturing capacity will allow us to go-to-market with a portfolio-based selling approach that leverages the breadth of our products. During 2022, we announced the launch of our Acutherm TM portfolio of solutions for intelligent thermal management. These solutions are positioned to provide enhanced thermal management performance over a wide range of use environments and applications. The overarching Acutherm TM brand umbrella encompasses our innovative EcoNex TM technology, which is being designed to offer lighter weight paired with thermal advantages that do not sacrifice structural integrity. In connection with this initiative, in August 2022 we announced a 20 million investment to be made in our manufacturing capacity to scale our EcoNex TM technology within refrigerated vans, truck bodies, and other transportation and logistics related products. We believe that continuing to bring new technologies to market combined with our focus on building out adjacent revenue opportunities, including parts and services, will provide us with opportunities for growth. 
 The Company s operating performance throughout 2022 highlights the success of our adaptability, balanced growth, and diversification, all of which are driven by our long-term strategic plan to transform the Company into the visionary leader of connected solutions for the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries. We will also continue to maintain our focus and expertise in lean and six sigma optimization initiatives to support a higher growth and margin profile as One Wabash. Operating income in 2022 totaled 166.6 million and operating margin was 6.7 , both of which are significant increases from 2021 driven in part by higher sales and stronger demand for our products. Additional discussion related to financial results are included in the Results of Operations section below. 
 In addition to our commitment to sustain profitable growth within each of our existing reporting segments, our long-term strategic initiatives include a focus on diversification efforts, both organic and strategic, to continue to transform Wabash into a lean, visionary leader of connected solutions with a higher growth and margin profile to successfully deliver a greater value to our shareholders. Our strategy is centered around our ability to scale core competencies by growing in and around core markets with known customers this strategy is evidenced by our multi-year order agreement with J.B. Hunt Transport Inc., which we announced in January 2023. 
 Key strategic initiatives include, but are not limited to, cold chain, e-commerce and logistics, and parts and services. Our ability to generate solid margins and cash flows and a healthy balance sheet should position the Company with ample resources to (1) fund our internal capital needs to support both organic growth and productivity improvements, (2) optimize our debt leverage and other financial ratios, (3) return capital to shareholders, and (4) selectively pursue strategic acquisitions. We will continue our internal effort to strategically identify potential acquisition or partnership targets that we believe can create shareholder value and accelerate our growth and diversification efforts, while leveraging our strong competencies in manufacturing execution, sourcing and innovative engineering leadership to assure strong value creation. Organically, our focus is on profitably growing and diversifying our operations through leveraging our existing assets, capabilities, and technology into higher margin products and markets and thereby providing value-added customer solutions. 
 Throughout 2022, we demonstrated our commitment to be responsible stewards of the business by maintaining a balanced approach to capital allocation. Even with a certain degree of continued uncertainty due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic, our operational performance, healthy backlog and industry outlook, and financial position provided us the opportunity to take specific actions as part of the ongoing commitment to prudently manage the overall financial risks of the Company, returning capital to our shareholders, and deleveraging our balance sheet. These actions included repurchasing 30.9 million of common stock under the share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors and paying dividends of 16.0 million. In addition, as further described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below, in September 2022 we amended our Revolving Credit Agreement. The amendment increased the total credit facility to 350 million, extended the maturity to September 2027, which is the nearest maturity date of our long-term debt, and as of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The amendment also supports our Trailers as a Service (TAAS) SM initiative, which provides access to trailers, supported by our national dealer network and the Wabash Parts LLC parts and distribution entity we created with our partner during the second quarter of 2022. Collectively, these actions demonstrate our confidence in the financial outlook of the Company and our ability to generate cash flow, both near and long term, and reinforce our overall commitment to deliver shareholder value while maintaining the flexibility to continue to execute our strategic plan for profitable growth and diversification. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

In addition to overall industry risks, there are downside risks relating to issues with both the domestic and global economies, including the housing, energy, and construction-related markets in the U.S. Other potential risks as we proceed into 2023 primarily relate to our ability to effectively manage our manufacturing operations, including ongoing labor shortages, disruption of our supply chain, and our overall business with the increase in production to meet demand. In addition, the cost of raw materials, commodities, and components are also potential risks. Significant increases in the cost of certain commodities, raw materials or components have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our results of operations. As has been our practice, we will endeavor to pass raw material and component price increases to our customers in addition to continuing our cost management and hedging activities in an effort to minimize the risk that changes in material costs could have on our operating results. In addition, we rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain key components and raw materials in the manufacturing of our products, including tires, landing gear, axles, suspensions, aluminum extrusions, chassis and specialty steel coil. While we have taken actions to mitigate certain of these risks, which include our previously announced supply agreements with Hydro and Ryerson, at the current and expected demand levels, there may be additional or increased shortages of supplies of raw materials or components which would have an adverse impact on our ability to meet demand for our products. Despite these risks, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on strong overall demand levels while maintaining or growing margins through improvements in product pricing as well as productivity and other operational excellence initiatives. 
 As we enter 2023, we will continue to adjust to changes in the current environment, preserve the strength of our balance sheet, prioritize the safety of our employees, and ensure the liquidity and financial well-being of the Company. We believe we remain well-positioned for both near-term and long-term success in the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries because: (1) our core customers are among the major participants in the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries; (2) our technology and innovation provides value-added and solutions for our customers by reducing operating costs, improving revenue opportunities, and solving unique transportation problems; (3) our Wabash Management System WMS principles and processes and enterprise-wide lean efforts drive focus on the interconnected processes that are critical for success across our business; (4) our significant brand recognition, including our January 2022 rebranding as Wabash , presence throughout North America, and the utilization of our extensive dealer network to market and sell our products; and (5) our One Wabash approach to create a consistent, superior experience for all customers who seek our connected solutions in the transportation, logistics, and distribution markets. By continuing to be an innovation leader in the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries we expect to leverage our existing assets and capabilities into higher margin products and markets by delivering connected value-added customer solutions. 
 
 Operating Performance 
 We generally measure our operating performance in five key areas Safety/Morale, Quality, Delivery, Cost Reduction, and Environment. We maintain a continuous improvement mindset in each of these key performance areas. 
 Safety/Morale. The safety of our employees is our number one priority. We demonstrate this core value by working on innovations to protect the people who operate our equipment and partnering with others to promote higher standards in transportation and manufacturing. We continually focus on reducing the severity and frequency of workplace injuries to create a safe environment for our employees and minimize workers compensation costs. We believe that our improved environmental, health, and safety management translates into higher labor productivity and lower costs as a result of less time away from work and improved system management. See the Human Capital Resources and Management section in Part I, Item 1, "Business" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional detail on our commitment to safety and human capital. 
 Quality. Our commitment to quality and safety is backed by a robust concern reporting system and associated processes. Any Wabash National employee can report a potential safety-related concern that could cause unreasonable risk of harm to our customers. Potential or reported safety concerns are routed to a cross-functional Product Safety Team that includes members from Quality, Warranty, Engineering, Sales and Strategic Sourcing. The Product Safety Team investigates submissions and serves as an initial filter of potential safety issues. Issues that need to be escalated are sent to the Product Safety Council, which consists of executive team members who will coach and give final direction to the Product Safety Team. We monitor product quality on a continual basis through a number of means for both internal and external performance as follows: 
 Internal performance. Key process indicators for our quality measurement include both First Time Quality FTQ and Defects Per Unit DPU ). FTQ is a performance metric that measures the impact of all aspects of the business on our ability to ship our products at the end of the production process and DPU is a measurement of defects found at the end of the production process. As with previous years, the expectations of the highest quality product continue to increase while maintaining FTQ performance and reducing rework. In addition, we currently maintain ISO 9001 registrations at our Lafayette, Indiana (since 2012) and Cadiz, Kentucky facilities (since 2014). 
 37 

Table of Contents 

External performance. We actively track our warranty claims and costs to identify and drive improvement opportunities in quality and reliability. Early life cycle warranty claims for our van trailers are trended for performance monitoring. Using a unit-based warranty reporting process to track performance and document failure rates, early life cycle warranty units per 100 van trailers shipped averaged approximately 1.5, 1.9, and 2.0 units in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Continued low claim rates have been driven by our successful execution of continuous improvement programs centered on process variation reduction and responding to the input from our customers. We expect that these activities will continue to drive down our total warranty cost profile. 
 In addition to managing a robust quality management system for Wabash s operations for internal and external performance, we expect suppliers to meet certain standards of quality, engineering, delivery, and management. Our supplier audit process is a comprehensive assessment performed at the supplier s facility focusing on their system capabilities and how they measure to Wabash s established requirements. Based on a supplier s overall rating, action plans are developed to identify improvement opportunities, corrective actions, and timelines to ensure proper closure. Results of each audit are captured in our Supplier Development and Quality database. The process is applied to both direct and indirect suppliers based on a number of selection criteria, such as a new supplier to Wabash, a new supplier facility, a current supplier with significant growth opportunities, or a current supplier experiencing significant performance issues. 
 Delivery/Productivity. We measure productivity on many fronts. Some key indicators include production line throughput, labor hours per trailer or truck body, labor cost as a percentage of revenue, scrap rates, and inventory levels. Improvements over the last several years in these areas have translated into significant improvements in our ability to better manage inventory flow, control costs, and analyze material and contribution margins. 
 We continue to remain focused on the availability of labor and any potential challenges as we enter 2023 and look to increase our operational capacity to meet the demand in the transportation, logistics, and distribution markets. We expect to continue to add additional labor during 2023 to support our operations and production to meet expected demand. 
 During the past several years, we have focused on productivity enhancements within manufacturing assembly and sub-assembly areas through developing the capability for mixed model production. These efforts have resulted in improvements to the mixed model production in our Lafayette, Indiana, Goshen, Indiana, Cadiz, Kentucky, and San Jos Iturbide, Mexico facilities. 
 Through deployment of the Wabash Management System WMS ), all of our business reporting segments have focused on increasing velocity at all our manufacturing locations. We have engaged in extensive lean training and over the last two years have deployed purposeful capital to accelerate our productivity initiatives. 
 Our manufacturing leadership teams have developed competencies to isolate process constraints, and then address those constraints through multiple avenues that drive additional throughput and cost reductions. 
 Cost Reduction and our Operating System. The WMS allows us to develop and scale high standards of excellence across the organization. We believe in our One Wabash approach and standardized processes to drive and monitor performance inside our manufacturing facilities. Continuous improvement is a fundamental component of our operational excellence focus. Our focus on leveraging One Wabash and the WMS mindset across the Company, for example, has allowed us to make strides in all areas of manufacturing including safety, quality, on-time delivery, cost reduction, employee morale, and environment. We continue to maintain focus on continuous improvement. In the past several years, we made adjustments throughout our processes to align variable and fixed costs with capacity, and created leaner internal processes in multiple areas. In addition, we continued to invest capital in our processes to reduce variable cost, lowered inherent safety risk in our processes, improved overall consistency in our manufacturing processes, and maintained our assets to capitalize on any economic and/or industry upswings. Finally, we took actions to align our business portfolio with our broader strategic plan. 
 Environment. We have been on a sustainability journey since the Company s inception. Uniquely incentivized to improve product designs by utilizing new composite materials to reduce the weight and improve the durability of our products, we are a leader in creating value for customers by facilitating improved fuel efficiency and ensuring the quality and longevity of our equipment. We commit to our employees, customers and shareholders to manage all of our business activities in a responsible manner with respect for the environment through pollution prevention and with our highest priority being the health and safety of our employees. Energy conservation efforts are another critical part of our commitment to continuous improvement and environmental stewardship, and we require energy conservation efforts across all of our facilities. This policy includes improving operational efficiency as well as upgrading to energy-conserving equipment where possible. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

We demonstrate our commitment to sustainability by maintaining ISO 14001 registration of our Environmental Management System at our Lafayette, Indiana; Cadiz, Kentucky; San Jos Iturbide, Mexico; and Harrison, Arkansas locations. In 2005, our Lafayette, Indiana facility was one of the first trailer manufacturing operations in the world to be ISO 14001 registered. Being ISO 14001 registered requires us to demonstrate quantifiable and third-party verified environmental improvements. In addition, our San Jos Iturbide, Mexico facility was recognized with Clean Industry certification from Mexico s Federal Agency of Environmental Protection for adhering to environmental care in its manufacturing processes. 
 During 2021, our recycling programs and use of recycled materials saved 297,000 cubic yards of landfill space (an increase of 76,000, or 34 , from 2020), 64,300,000 kilowatt-hours of electricity (an increase of 15,300,000, or 31 , from 2020), 56,700 metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions (an increase of 11,700, or 26 , from 2020), and 31,200 mature trees (an increase of 5,200, or 20 , from 2020). In addition, in January 2022 we were recognized among Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies 2022. 
 Additionally, Wabash views remanufacturing as an opportunity to help customers extend the useful life of their equipment, which reduces the amount of raw materials needed to produce new machinery. In 2021, revenue from remanufacturing totaled approximately 8.4 million. 
 In addition, manufacturers across multiple industries choose our proprietary DuraPlate composite technology for its versatility and strength. Each DuraPlate panel and product contains between 15 and 30 post-consumer resin PCR ). By using PCR in the manufacture of DuraPlate , Wabash has diverted more than 1 billion plastic bottles from landfills. Furthermore, at the end of the product lifespan, DuraPlate is 100 recyclable. 
 Our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report is available on our website (ir.onewabash.com) and references the ongoing environmental, social, and governance ESG initiatives that demonstrate our commitment to sustainability and social responsibility. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 Trucking in the U.S., according to the American Trucking Association ATA ), was estimated to be a 875.5 billion industry in 2021, representing approximately 81 of the total U.S. transportation industry revenue. From a financial (e.g., value) industry perspective, this represents an increase of approximately 19.6 from ATA s 2020 estimate and is materially consistent with the prior year as a percentage of the total U.S. transportation industry revenue (81 in 2021 vs. 80 in 2020). Furthermore, ATA estimates that approximately 72.2 of all domestic freight tonnage in 2021 was carried by trucks, and 302.1 billion miles were traveled by registered trucks in 2020. Trailer demand is a direct function of the amount of freight to be transported. To monitor the state of the industry, we evaluate a number of indicators related to trailer manufacturing and the transportation industry. Recent trends we have observed include the following: 
 Transportation / Trailer Cycle. The trailer industry generally follows the transportation industry cycles. Data related to new trailer shipments over the last nine years is shown below. 
 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 New Trailer Shipments 
 269,000 308,000 286,000 290,000 323,000 328,000 210,000 265,000 302,000 Year-Over-Year Change ) 
 15 14 (7) 1 11 2 (36) 26 14 
 The most recent estimates from industry forecasters ACT Research Co. ACT and FTR Associates FTR indicate total United States trailer production levels for 2022 of approximately 304,000 and 305,000, respectively, which each represent an increase of approximately 14 from 2021 production levels. While there remains some uncertainty in the industry, particularly around supply chain disruptions and labor shortages that are partially due to COVID-19 impacts, the outlook for the overall trailer market remains strong, and we believe our backlog of orders provides a solid foundation for 2023. 
 Current estimates from ACT and FTR for 2023 United States trailer production are 303,000 and 318,000, respectively, representing a decrease and an increase from 2022 of approximately -0.4 and 4 , respectively. These estimates are generally in-line with our expectations as trailer manufacturers, consistent with prior year, prepare to ramp-up production for strong 2023 demand. 
 In addition, ACT is forecasting annual new trailer production levels for 2024, 2025, 2026, and 2027 of approximately 275,000, 309,000, 286,000, and 298,000, respectively. We believe these estimates for production will remain above replacement demand over the next several years. While these estimates are more historically consistent production levels in the trailer industry, industry forecasters continue to note that certain issues, such as supply chain constraints and tight labor markets, could impact these estimates and production. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on strong demand in 2023, and we remain well-suited in case the environment diverges from our expectations with a strong balance sheet and liquidity profile. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

New Trailer Orders. According to ACT, net orders in 2022 were approximately 362,000 trailers, a 45 increase from 249,000 trailers ordered in 2021. Net orders for the dry vans segment, the largest within the trailer industry, were approximately 226,000, an increase of 68 from 2021. These increases are generally consistent with our expectations due to the increase in demand during 2022, despite certain supply chain issues and staffing shortfalls that remained in the industry throughout 2022. 
 Transportation Regulations and Legislation . There are several different areas within both federal and state government regulations and legislation that are expected to have an impact on trailer demand, including: 
 On July 15, 2022, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA issued the final rule to upgrade Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard FMVSS No. 223, Rear impact guards, and FMVSS No. 224, Rear impact protection, which together provide protection for occupants of passenger vehicles in crashes into the rear of trailers. This final rule adopts requirements of Canada Motor Vehicle Safety Standard CMVSS No. 223, Rear impact guards for energy absorption, loadings, and the definition for rear extremity. Additionally, it defines an acceptable elimination of load path during the energy absorption test. The final rule is effective on January 11, 2023, with a compliance date of July 15, 2024. The majority of our trailer products comply with the final rule, while certain tank trailer models will require modifications. 
 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA and NHTSA proposed new greenhouse gas regulations GHG2 that were released in August 2016. The Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association filed a petition in the U.S. Court of Appeals seeking review of the rule as it relates to the authority of the agencies to regulate trailers under the Clean Air Act. In November 2021, the court ruled that trailers are not subject to federal emissions regulations, making the EPA GHG2 rule inapplicable to our van, platform, and tank trailers. 
 On May 14, 2022, the Canadian Department of the Environment announced an interim order delaying the trailer portions of Canada s GHG2 until at least May 14, 2023. This rule mirrored the EPA GHG2 regulations, and would only apply to Wabash trailers registered in Canada. 
 In December 2017, the California Air Resource Board CARB unveiled its own proposal for new greenhouse gas standards for medium- and heavy-duty trucks and trailers that operate in California. On September 27, 2018, CARB approved for adoption the California Phase 2 GHG regulation. That regulation largely aligns California s GHG emission standards and test procedures with the federal Phase 2 GHG emission standards and test procedures, however it would remain applicable to Wabash trailers registered in the state of California. The CARB requirements to be met for model years 2021, 2024, and 2027 become progressively more stringent and are driven by tire rolling resistance and pressure monitoring, aerodynamic drag, and weight all of which effect CO 2 emissions. 
 On December 3, 2019, CARB issued an official advisory notifying trailer manufacturers that CARB will be suspending enforcement of GHG2 trailer requirements, and will provide at least a six-month written notice prior to commencement of enforcing GHG2. CARB continues to process and approve voluntary applications during the suspension period. If we were to receive CARB s 6-month advance notice of enforcement, more stringent van trailer standards would become effective in model year 2024 and model year 2027 requiring more advanced fuel efficiency technologies, such as rear boat tails and higher percentage improvement side skirts and tires. (While CARB s 2021 requirements remain intact, they are not enforced however, if we were to receive the 6-month advance notice of enforcement prior to 2024, the 2021 objectives would become the requirement.) CARB continues to suspend enforcement as a 6-month written notice has not been issued. We will continue preparations to become compliant if and when official notice has been received for commencement of the regulation. 
 Other Developments. Other developments and potential impacts on the industry include: 
 While EPA and NHTSA are unable to regulate trailers due to a previous ruling, which reduces the risk to trailer manufacturers in the near term, CARB continues to seek additional states to join their position in attempting to drive regulation at the state level. 
 While we believe the need for trailer equipment will be positively impacted by the legislative and regulatory changes addressed above, these demand drivers could be offset by factors that contribute to the increased concentration and density of loads. 
 Trucking company profitability, which can be influenced by factors such as fuel prices, freight tonnage volumes, and government regulations, is highly correlated with the overall economy of the U.S.; carrier profitability significantly impacts demand for, and the financial ability to, purchase new trailers. 
 We expect that the majority of freight in our industry will continue to be moved by truck and, according to ATA, total freight transportation revenue is expected to increase from an estimated 1,083 billion in 2021 to 1,627 billion in 2032. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

The expected transition from diesel tractors (and their coolant systems) to electric or fuel cell vehicles changes how heated or cooled trailers can regulate temperature. This creates a market need for alternate heating and cooling solutions. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain operating data as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 87.1 89.1 89.2 Gross profit 12.9 10.9 10.8 General and administrative expenses 4.5 4.9 6.3 Selling expenses 1.1 1.3 1.7 Amortization of intangibles 0.6 1.3 1.5 Impairment and other, net 1.5 7.1 Income (loss) from operations 6.7 1.9 (5.8) Interest expense (0.8) (1.3) (1.6) Other, net (0.5) Income (loss) before income taxes 5.9 0.1 (7.4) Income tax expense (benefit) 1.3 (0.8) Net income (loss) 4.5 0.1 (6.6) 
 41 

Table of Contents 

2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales in 2022 increased 698.9 million, or 38.8 , compared to 2021. By business segment, net sales prior to intersegment eliminations and related trailer units sold were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (prior to elimination of intersegment sales) Sales by Segment Transportation Solutions 2,320,914 1,633,319 687,595 42.1 Parts Services 193,476 177,166 16,310 9.2 Eliminations (12,261) (7,217) Total 2,502,129 1,803,268 698,861 38.8 New Units Shipped (units) Trailers 52,035 45,365 6,670 14.7 Truck bodies 14,800 16,560 (1,760) (10.6) Total 66,835 61,925 4,910 7.9 Used Units Shipped (units) Trailers 95 95 
 TS segment sales, prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, were 2,320.9 million in 2022, an increase of 687.6 million, or 42.1 , compared to 2021. The increase in sales was primarily due to a 14.7 increase in new trailer shipments as 52,035 trailers were shipped in 2022 compared to 45,365 trailer shipments in 2021. New truck bodies shipped during 2022 totaled 14,800 compared to 16,560 truck bodies in prior year, a decrease of 10.6 , primarily due to continued supply chain challenges. The increase in new trailer shipments resulted in an approximate 49 increase in new trailer revenue, driven by stronger demand for our dry van offerings as well as our platform and tank trailers. Despite the decrease in truck body shipments from the prior year period, truck body revenue increased approximately 25.9 million year-over-year. Revenue per new trailer unit and truck body increased from prior year, due in part to pricing actions to partially offset the increase in commodity costs. 
 P S segment sales, prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, were 193.5 million in 2022, an increase of 16.3 million, or 9.2 , compared to 2021. The overall increase in sales was primarily attributable to the Wabash Parts LLC parts and distribution entity that we created with our partner during the second quarter of 2022, which had approximately 12.4 million of sales during 2022. In addition, there was higher overall demand for our parts, services, and upfitting offerings in the current year. These increases in sales were partially offset by the sale of our Extract Technology business during the second quarter of 2021, which had sales totaling approximately 11.7 million during 2021. We also completed the closure of 17 service locations during 2021 that attributed to approximately 7.3 million of sales. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales was 2,179.4 million in 2022, an increase of 572.6 million, or 35.6 , compared to 2021. Cost of sales is comprised of material costs, a variable expense, and other manufacturing costs, comprised of both fixed and variable expenses, including direct and indirect labor, outbound freight, overhead expenses, and depreciation. 
 TS segment cost of sales was 2,043.1 million in 2022, an increase of 576.4 million, or 39.3 , compared to 2021. The increase in cost of sales, which was primarily driven by higher sales and production volumes on account of stronger demand, was due to an increase in materials costs of approximately 434.5 million, or 42.4 , and higher labor and employee-related costs of approximately 76.9 million. An additional increase related to outside services, operating supplies, repairs and maintenance, and depreciation, which totaled approximately 31.6 million. 
 P S segment cost of sales, prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, was 148.6 million in 2022, an increase of 8.3 million, or 5.9 , compared to 2021. The overall increase in cost of sales was due to the Wabash Parts LLC parts and distribution entity of approximately 11.0 million, as well as higher materials costs related to our other parts, services, and upfitting offerings. These increases were partially offset by the sale of our Extract Technology business during the second quarter of 2021 and the closure of 17 service locations during 2021, both of which aggregated to approximately 19.9 million of cost of sales. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 322.7 million in 2022, an increase of 126.2 million, or 64.2 from 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of sales, or gross margin, was 12.9 in 2022 as compared to 10.9 in 2021. Gross profit by segment was as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Gross Profit by Segment Transportation Solutions 277,842 166,630 111,212 66.7 Parts Services 44,849 36,870 7,979 21.6 Corporate and Eliminations (7,033) 7,033 Total 322,691 196,467 126,224 64.2 
 TS segment gross profit was 277.8 million in 2022 compared to 166.6 million in 2021, an increase of 111.2 million. Gross profit, as a percentage of net sales prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, was 12.0 in 2022 as compared to 10.2 in 2021, an increase of 1.8 . The overall increase in gross profit from the prior year period was primarily driven by an increase in our dry vans products of approximately 111.9 million and increases in gross profit for our truck bodies, platforms, and tank trailers products, all of which were generally attributable to higher demand for these products compared to the prior year period. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased from the prior year period primarily due to pricing actions to partially recover increases in materials costs. 
 P S segment gross profit was 44.8 million in 2022 compared to 36.9 million in 2021. Gross profit, as a percentage of net sales prior to the elimination of intersegment sales, was 23.2 in 2022 compared to 20.8 in 2021, an increase of 2.4 . This increase was generally related to higher gross profit in our parts, services, and upfitting offerings in the current year period (due in part to product mix), as well as exit costs incurred during the third quarter of 2021 related to the closure of service locations. In addition, the Wabash Parts LLC parts and distribution entity had gross profit during 2022 of approximately 1.4 million. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 113.1 million in 2022, an increase of 24.3 million, or 27.3 , compared to 2021. The increase from the prior year period was due in part to an increase of approximately 9.0 million in general and administrative employee-related costs, including benefits and incentive programs. There was also an increase in professional fees and outside services costs of approximately 7.8 million. In addition, depreciation, rental, and maintenance expenses increased a total of approximately 3.0 million, and travel-related expenses increased approximately 0.9 million. General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 4.5 in 2022 compared to 4.9 in 2021. The overall decrease in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to the increase in sales compared to the prior year period. 
 Selling Expenses 
 Selling expenses were 27.1 million in 2022, an increase of 3.4 million, or 14.3 , compared to 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in advertising and promotional costs of approximately 2.7 million, which is due in part to expenses related to our Ignite Conference during 2022, where senior leaders from more than 148 companies representing Wabash s suppliers, customers, dealers, and partners came together to reshape and reimagine the future of transportation, logistics, and distribution. In addition, there were increases in professional and outside services costs of approximately 0.7 million and travel-related expenses of approximately 0.3 million. As a percentage of net sales, selling expenses were 1.1 in 2022 compared to 1.3 in 2021. The overall decrease in selling expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to the increase in sales compared to the prior year period. 
 Amortization of Intangibles 
 Amortization of intangibles was 15.2 million in 2022 compared to 22.9 million in 2021. Amortization of intangibles was the result of expenses recognized for intangible assets recorded from the acquisitions of Walker in May 2012 and Supreme in September 2017. The decrease from the prior year period is primarily attributable to the write-off of approximately 28.3 million in trade name and trademark intangible assets during the fourth quarter of 2021 as part of our rebranding as Wabash , which is further described throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we sold our Extract Technology business during the second quarter of 2021 and wrote-off the related intangible assets as part of the sale. Finally, certain of the intangible assets recorded upon the acquisition of Walker in May 2012 became fully amortized during the second quarter of 2022. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Impairment and Other, Net 
 Impairment and other, net was a net loss of 0.7 million during 2022 and a net loss of 27.6 million during 2021. The net loss during 2022 is primarily related to the impairment of 1.0 million of construction-in-progress projects that were no longer expected to be completed and the write-off of certain property, plant, and equipment and IT-related assets. These items were partially offset by the sale of a building (and the related land) as further described in Note 21, which resulted in a gain of approximately 0.7 million. 
 The prior year activity was primarily attributable to non-cash impairment charges of approximately 28.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2021 related to trade name and trademark intangible assets due to the significant reduction in the related useful lives of these assets in connection with our rebranding initiative. We also impaired unused and obsolete property, plant, and equipment assets during the first quarter of 2021 totaling approximately 0.8 million. These items were partially offset by the sale of our Extract Technology business during the second quarter of 2021, which resulted in a gain on sale of approximately 1.9 million. Additional activity during 2021 relates to sales of property, plant, and equipment assets. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest expense in 2022 totaled 20.5 million compared to 23.1 million in 2021. Interest expense relates to interest and non-cash accretion charges on our Senior Notes due 2028 (during 2022 and 2021), Revolving Credit Agreement (during 2022 and 2021), Senior Notes due 2025 (during 2021), and New Term Loan Credit Agreement (during 2021). The decrease from the prior year period is primarily attributable to the repayment of the New Term Loan Credit Agreement in full during the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by interest on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement during 2022. 
 Other, net for 2022 represented income of 0.3 million as compared to expense of 9.1 million for 2021. Income for the current year period is primarily related to interest income. The expense in the prior year is primarily attributable to debt extinguishment charges totaling 9.5 million from the redemption in full of the Senior Notes due 2025 and to repay in full the outstanding borrowings under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recognized income tax expense of 33.7 million in 2022 compared to income tax expense of 0.1 million in 2021. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 23.0 compared to 9.8 for 2021. The effective tax rate for both 2022 and 2021 differs from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of state and local taxes and discrete items, including stock-based compensation and tax credits. Net cash paid for income taxes in 2022 was 18.3 million compared to net refunds received during 2021 of 0.5 million. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Capital Structure 
 Our capital structure is comprised of a mix of debt and equity. As of December 31, 2022, our debt to equity ratio was approximately 1.0:1.0. Our long-term objective is to generate operating cash flows sufficient to support the growth within our businesses and increase shareholder value. This objective will be achieved through a balanced capital allocation strategy of sustaining strong liquidity, maintaining healthy leverage ratios, investing in the business, both organically and strategically, and returning capital to our shareholders. As of May 11, 2021, our Board of Directors designated a Finance Committee for the primary purpose of assisting the Board in its oversight of the Company s capital structure, financing, investment, and other financial matters of importance to the Company. 
 Throughout 2022, and in keeping to this balanced approach, we repurchased 30.9 million of common stock under the share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors and paid dividends of 16.0 million. In addition, as further described below in the Debt Agreements and Related Amendments section below, in September 2022 we amended our Revolving Credit Agreement. The amendment increased the total credit facility to 350 million and extended the maturity to September 2027, which is the nearest maturity date of our long-term debt. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Collectively, these actions demonstrate our confidence in the financial outlook of the Company and our ability to generate cash flow, both near and long term, and reinforce our overall commitment to deliver shareholder value while maintaining the flexibility to continue to execute our strategic plan for profitable growth and diversification. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Despite continued uncertainty of the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe we have maintained a solid position from a liquidity perspective over the last several years. Our liquidity position, defined as cash on hand and available borrowing capacity on the Revolving Credit Facility, amounted to 401.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 258.0 million as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 56 . The increase from the prior year is primarily attributable to higher available capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement (which as noted above was amended during the third quarter of 2022). For 2023, we expect to continue our commitment to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, and our Trailers as a Service (TAAS) SM initiative from operations or available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement (as needed). This includes adding 20 more dry van manufacturing capacity, with production scheduled to begin during the first half of 2023. We continue to believe this additional manufacturing capacity will allow us to go-to-market with a portfolio-based selling approach that leverages the breadth of our products. In addition, in August 2022 we announced a 20 million investment to be made in our manufacturing capacity to scale our EcoNex TM technology within refrigerated vans, truck bodies, and other transportation and logistics related products. Along with these investments, we will also maintain our assets to capitalize on any economic and/or industry upswings, while also responsibly returning capital to our shareholders. We will continue to move rapidly to adjust to the current environment to preserve the strength of our balance sheet, while prioritizing the safety of our employees and ensuring the liquidity and financial well-being of the Company. 
 Debt Agreements and Related Amendments 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 On October 6, 2021, we closed on an offering of 400 million in aggregate principal amount of our 4.50 unsecured Senior Notes due 2028 (the New Senior Notes ). The New Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of October 6, 2021, by and among us, certain subsidiary guarantors named therein (the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Indenture ). The New Senior Notes bear interest at the rate of 4.50 and pay interest semi-annually in cash in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The New Senior Notes will mature on October 15, 2028. At any time prior to October 15, 2024, we may redeem some or all of the New Senior Notes for cash at a redemption price equal to 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the New Senior Notes being redeemed plus an applicable make-whole premium set forth in the Indenture and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 Prior to October 15, 2024, we may redeem up to 40 of the New Senior Notes at a redemption price of 104.500 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date, with the proceeds of certain equity offerings so long as if, after any such redemption occurs, at least 60 of the aggregate principal amount of the New Senior Notes remain outstanding. On and after October 15, 2024, we may redeem some or all of the New Senior Notes at redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) equal to 102.250 for the twelve-month period beginning on October 15, 2024, 101.125 for the twelve-month period beginning October 15, 2025 and 100.000 beginning on October 15, 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture), unless we have exercised our optional redemption right in respect of the New Senior Notes, the holders of the New Senior Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of the New Senior Notes at a price equal to 101 of the aggregate principal amount of the New Senior Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. 
 The New Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all direct and indirect existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries, subject to certain restrictions. The New Senior Notes and related guarantees are our and the Guarantors general unsecured senior obligations and will be subordinated to all of our and the Guarantors existing and future secured debt to the extent of the assets securing that secured obligation. In addition, the New Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to any existing and future debt of any of our subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, to the extent of the assets of those subsidiaries. 
 Subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications, the Indenture restricts our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, our capital stock or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, our profits; (iii) make loans and certain investments; (iv) sell assets; (v) create or incur liens; (vi) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (vii) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
 During any time when the New Senior Notes are rated investment grade by at least two of Moody s, Fitch and Standard Poor s Ratings Services and no Default (as defined in the Indenture) has occurred and is continuing, many of such covenants will be suspended and we and our subsidiaries will cease to be subject to such covenants during such period. 
 The Indenture contains customary events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of covenants, failure to pay certain judgments and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the principal amount of the New Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, may be declared immediately due and payable. These amounts automatically become due and payable if an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occurs. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The sale of the New Senior Notes resulted in net proceeds of approximately 395 million, after deducting financing fees and other offering expenses. We used the net proceeds of the New Senior Notes and a portion of the 50 million draw from the increased capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement to fund the redemption in full of the Senior Notes due 2025, to repay in full the 108.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the term loan credit agreement entered into on September 28, 2020 (the New Term Loan Credit Agreement among us, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, and to pay all related fees and expenses. (The New Term Loan Credit Agreement refinanced and replaced that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2012 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Old Term Loan Credit Agreement ), among us, the lenders party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent.) Debt extinguishment charges totaling 9.1 million were recorded during the fourth quarter of 2021 in connection with the redemption in full of the Senior Notes due 2025 and the repayment in full of the outstanding borrowings under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. The loss on debt extinguishment charges are included in Other, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Contractual coupon interest expense and accretion of fees for the New Senior Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 18.0 million and 0.6 million, and 4.3 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 Contractual coupon interest expense and accretion of discount and fees for the Senior Notes due 2025, which were redeemed in full during the fourth quarter of 2021 as described above, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, were 13.3 million and 0.5 million, and 17.9 million and 0.7 million, respectively. 
 Contractual coupon interest expense and accretion of fees are included in Interest expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we repaid 10.0 million of the Senior Notes due 2025 utilizing net proceeds from the closure of the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 On September 23, 2022, we entered into the Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among us, certain of our subsidiaries as borrowers (together with us, the Borrowers ), certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as the administrative agent (the Agent ), which amended our existing Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2018 (as amended from time to time, the Revolving Credit Agreement ). 
 Under the Revolving Credit Agreement, the lenders agree to make available a 350 million revolving credit facility to the Borrowers with a scheduled maturity date of September 23, 2027. We have the option to increase the total commitments under the facility by up to an additional 175 million, subject to certain conditions, including obtaining agreements from one or more lenders, whether or not party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, to provide such additional commitments. Availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement is based upon quarterly (or more frequent under certain circumstances) borrowing base certifications of the Borrowers eligible inventory, eligible leasing inventory and eligible accounts receivable, and is reduced by certain reserves in effect from time to time. 
 Subject to availability, the Revolving Credit Agreement provides for a letter of credit subfacility in the amount of 25 million, and allows for swingline loans in the amount of 35 million. Outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest at an annual rate, at the Borrowers election, equal to (i) adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a margin ranging from 1.25 to 1.75 or (ii) a base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.25 to 0.75 , in each case depending upon the monthly average excess availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Borrowers are required to pay a monthly unused line fee equal to 0.20 times the average daily unused availability along with other customary fees and expenses of the Agent and the lenders. 
 The Revolving Credit Agreement is guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries (the Guarantors and is secured by substantially all personal property of the Borrowers and the Guarantors. 
 The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary covenants limiting our ability and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, pay cash dividends, incur debt or liens, redeem or repurchase stock, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge, dissolve, repay subordinated indebtedness, make investments and dispose of assets. In addition, we will be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 as of the end of any period of 12 fiscal months when excess availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the lesser of (i) the total revolving commitments and (ii) the borrowing base (such lesser amount, the Line Cap and (b) 25 million. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

If availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (i) 10 of the Line Cap and (ii) 25 million for three consecutive business days, or if there exists an event of default, amounts in any of the Borrowers and the Guarantors deposit accounts (other than certain excluded accounts) will be transferred daily into a blocked account held by the Agent and applied to reduce the outstanding amounts under the facility. 
 The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders may, among other things, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding and foreclose on collateral. In addition, in the case of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the lenders obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement would automatically terminate, and all amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement would automatically become due and payable. 
 Our liquidity position, defined as cash on hand and available borrowing capacity on the Revolving Credit Agreement, amounted to 401.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 258.0 million as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 143.2 million (or 56 ). The increase from prior year is primarily attributable to higher available capacity on the Revolving Credit Agreement (which as noted above was amended during the third quarter of 2022). 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net payments of principal of 33.0 million under the Revolving Credit Agreement, and as of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we drew 50.0 million under the Revolving Credit Agreement, a portion of which was used along with the proceeds of the New Senior Notes to fund the redemption in full of the Senior Notes due 2025, to repay in full the 108.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement, and to pay all related fees and expenses of the New Senior Notes. We repaid 17.0 million under the Revolving Credit Agreement during the fourth quarter of 2021, and as of December 31, 2021, outstanding borrowings totaled 33.0 million. 
 Interest expense under the Revolving Credit Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was approximately 1.7 million, 0.6 million, and 0.2 million, respectively. Interest expense under the Revolving Credit Agreement is included in Interest expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 New and Old Term Loan Credit Agreements 
 As described above, in October 2021, we used the net proceeds of the New Senior Notes and a portion of the 50 million draw from the increased capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement to repay in full the 108.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. In addition to the full repayment during the fourth quarter, during the second quarter of 2021, we made principal payments totaling 30.0 million and recognized loss on debt extinguishment charges of approximately 0.5 million. The extinguishment charges are included in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, under the New and Old Term Loan Credit Agreements we paid interest of 3.9 million and 4.8 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we incurred charges of 0.2 million in each period for amortization of fees and original issuance discount, which are included in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In September 2020, we used the net proceeds of 148.5 million from the New Term Loan Credit Agreement to pay off the outstanding principal under the Old Term Loan Credit Agreement of 135.2 million, repay a portion of our outstanding Senior Notes due 2025, and pay related fees and expenses. In connection with the pay off of the Old Term Loan Credit Agreement (specifically for those lenders that did not participate in the New Term Loan Credit Agreement) and partial repayment of the outstanding Senior Notes, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment totaling approximately 0.2 million, which is included in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, as further described in Note 21, during the fourth quarter of 2020 we sold our Beall brand of tank trailers and associated assets. The net proceeds of approximately 11.2 million from the sale were used to pay down outstanding principal under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. In connection with the pay down we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment totaling approximately 0.2 million. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flow 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Cash provided by operating activities for 2022 totaled 124.1 million, compared to cash used in operating activities of 7.5 million in 2021. The cash provided by operations during the current year was the result of net income adjusted for various non-cash activities, including depreciation, amortization, net gain on the sale of assets, deferred taxes, stock-based compensation, impairment, accretion of debt discount, and a 39.4 million increase in our working capital. Changes in key working capital accounts for 2022 and 2021 are summarized below (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Change (Use) source of cash: Accounts receivable (79,066) (80,879) 1,813 Inventories (6,249) (74,804) 68,555 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 46,085 54,862 (8,777) Net (use) source of cash (39,230) (100,821) 61,591 
 Accounts receivable increased 79.1 million in 2022 and 80.9 million in 2021. Days sales outstanding, a measure of working capital efficiency that measures the amount of time a receivable is outstanding, was approximately 35 days and 33 days for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in accounts receivable in 2022 was primarily due to high shipment volume during the current year, especially late in the fourth quarter, as well as the timing of customer payments. Inventories increased in 2022 by 6.2 million compared to an increase in 2021 of 74.8 million. The overall increase in inventory for 2022 was primarily attributable to higher finished goods inventory compared to prior year. Our inventory turns, a commonly used measure of working capital efficiency that measures how quickly inventory turns per year, was approximately 7 times in 2022 and 6 times 2021. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased 46.1 million in 2022 compared to an increase of 54.9 million for 2021. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in customer deposits as well as higher accruals for income taxes and employee benefits and incentive programs. Days payable outstanding, a measure of working capital efficiency that measures the amount of time a payable is outstanding, was 30 days in 2022 and 36 days in 2021. 
 Investing activities used 55.3 million during 2022 compared to 27.1 million used in 2021. Investing activities for 2022 included cash payments for capital expenditures of 57.1 million to support maintenance, growth, and improvement initiatives at our facilities, including expenditures related to expanding our dry van manufacturing capacity, with production scheduled to begin during the first half of 2023. Cash payments for capital expenditures were partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets totaling approximately 1.8 million. Cash used in investing activities in 2021 was primarily related to capital expenditures to support growth and improvement initiatives at our facilities totaling 49.1 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets and a business divestiture of 22.0 million. 
 Financing activities used 82.3 million during 2022, due in part to net payments on our Revolving Credit Facility of 33.0 million. We also repurchased common stock of 34.3 million and paid cash dividends to our shareholders of 16.0 million. Financing activities used 111.4 million during 2021, primarily related to the pay off of the New Term Loan Credit Agreement and the full repayment against our Senior Notes due 2025 totaling 453.8 million, both of which utilized net proceeds from our offering of Senior Notes due 2028. This activity was partially offset by net draws on our Revolving Credit Facility of 33.0 million. In 2021, we also repurchased common stock of 66.7 million and paid cash dividends to our shareholders of 16.4 million. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Despite a certain degree of continued uncertainty of the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe we have maintained a solid position from a liquidity perspective over the last two years. Our liquidity position, defined as cash on hand and available borrowing capacity on the Revolving Credit Facility, amounted to 401.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 258.0 million as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 56 . The increase from prior year is primarily attributable to higher available capacity on the Revolving Credit Agreement (which as noted above was amended during the third quarter of 2022). For 2023 and forward, we expect to continue our commitment to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and Trailers as a Service (TAAS) SM initiative from operations or available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement (as needed). This includes adding 20 more dry van manufacturing capacity, with production scheduled to begin during the first half of 2023. We continue to believe this additional manufacturing capacity will allow us to go-to-market with a portfolio-based selling approach that leverages the breadth of our products. In addition, in August 2022 we announced a 20 million investment to be made in our manufacturing capacity to scale our EcoNex TM technology within refrigerated vans, truck bodies, and other transportation and logistics related products. Along with these investments, we will also maintain our assets to capitalize on any economic and/or industry upswings, while also responsibly returning capital to our shareholders. We will continue to move rapidly to adjust to the current environment to preserve the strength of our balance sheet, while prioritizing the safety of our employees and ensuring the liquidity and financial well-being of the Company. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 A summary of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, both on and off balance sheet, as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Debt: Revolving Credit Agreement (due 2027) Senior Notes due 2028 400,000 400,000 Interest Payments on Revolving Credit Agreement (If Any) and Senior Notes due 2028 1 
 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 108,000 Total Debt 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 418,000 508,000 Other: Operating Leases 7,096 5,984 4,920 4,381 2,346 793 25,520 Total Other 7,096 5,984 4,920 4,381 2,346 793 25,520 Other Commercial Commitments: Letters of Credit 5,702 5,702 Raw Material Purchase Commitments 59,200 59,200 Chassis Agreements and Programs 20,745 20,745 Total Other Commercial Commitments 85,647 85,647 Total Obligations 110,743 23,984 22,920 22,381 20,346 418,793 619,167 
 1 Future interest payments on variable rate long-term debt (if any) are estimated based on the rate in effect as of December 31, 2022, and only include interest payments (not unused line fees). However, as of December 31, 2022, there was no variable rate debt (Revolving Credit Agreement) outstanding. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or a base rate determined by the lender s prime rate plus an applicable margin, as defined in the agreement. Any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate, at our election, equal to (i) adjusted term SOFR plus a margin ranging from 1.25 to 1.75 or (ii) a base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.25 to 0.75 , in each case depending upon the monthly average excess availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement. We are required to pay a monthly unused line fee equal to 0.20 times the average daily unused availability along with other customary fees and expenses of our agent and lenders. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net payments of principal of 33.0 million under the Revolving Credit Agreement, and as of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding. 
 The Senior Notes due 2028 bear interest at the rate of 4.5 per annum from the date of issuance, payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15. 
 Operating leases represent the total future minimum lease payments for leases that have commenced. As of December 31, 2022, obligations related to operating leases that we have executed but have not yet commenced were insignificant. 
 We have standby letters of credit totaling 5.7 million issued in connection with workers compensation claims and surety bonds. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

We have 59.2 million in purchase commitments through December 2023 for various raw material commodities, including aluminum, steel, polyethylene, and nickel, as well as other raw material components which are within normal production requirements. 
 We obtain most vehicle chassis for our specialized vehicle products directly from the chassis manufacturers under converter pool agreements. Chassis are obtained from the manufacturers based on orders from customers, and in some cases, for unallocated orders. The agreements generally state that the manufacturer will provide a supply of chassis to be maintained at the Company s facilities with the condition that we will store such chassis and will not move, sell, or otherwise dispose of such chassis except under the terms of the agreement. In addition, the manufacturer typically retains the sole authority to authorize commencement of work on the chassis and to make certain other decisions with respect to the chassis including the terms and pricing of sales of the chassis to the manufacturer s dealers. The manufacturer also does not transfer the certificate of origin to us nor permit us to sell or transfer the chassis to anyone other than the manufacturer (for ultimate resale to a dealer). Although we are party to related finance agreements with manufacturers, we have not historically settled, nor do we expect to in the future settle, any related obligations in cash. Instead, the obligation is settled by the manufacturer upon reassignment of the chassis to an accepted dealer, and the dealer is invoiced for the chassis by the manufacturer. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, our outstanding chassis converter pool with the manufacturer totaled 20.3 million and has included this financing agreement on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within Prepaid expenses and other and Other accrued liabilities . All other chassis programs are handled as consigned inventory belonging to the manufacturer and totaled approximately 0.4 million. Under these agreements, if the chassis is not delivered to a customer within a specified time frame, we are required to pay a finance or storage charge on the chassis. Additionally, we receive finance support funds from manufacturers when the chassis are assigned into our chassis pool. Typically, chassis are converted and delivered to customers within 90 days of our receipt of the chassis. 
 The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions, including positions impacting only the timing of tax benefits, was 2.4 million at December 31, 2022. Payment of these obligations would result from settlements with taxing authorities. Due to the difficulty in determining the timing of settlements, these obligations are not included in the table above. We do not expect to make a tax payment related to these obligations within the next year that would significantly impact liquidity. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, evaluation of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. 
 We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if it requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time we were making the estimate or changes in the estimate or different estimates that we could have selected would have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Legal and Other Contingencies. The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us and other loss contingencies are subject to significant uncertainty. We establish legal contingency reserves when we determine that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining the appropriate accounting for loss contingencies, we consider the likelihood of loss or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual should be established or adjusted. Estimating the probability that a loss will occur and estimating the amount of a loss or a range of loss involves significant judgment and such matters are unpredictable. We could incur judgments or enter into settlements for current or future claims that could materially impact our results of operations. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Definite-Lived Intangible Assets. We review, on at least a quarterly basis, the financial performance of each business unit for indicators of impairment. In reviewing for impairment indicators, we also consider events or changes in circumstances such as business prospects, customer retention, market trends, potential product obsolescence, competitive activities, and other economic factors. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset group exceeds the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset group. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Impairment of Trade Name and Trademark Intangible Assets (2021) 
 As further described in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, on January 10, 2022, we completed our review and approval of our plan for rebranding as Wabash . As part of the planning process, we assessed our usage of trade names and brand names in connection with the long-term growth strategy as One Wabash. Under the plan as approved, we no longer use certain trade names or brand names, and predominantly use Wabash (or variations thereof) to refer to the Company. The decision resulted in non-cash impairment charges of approximately 28.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2021 related to trade name and trademark intangible assets due to the significant reduction in the related useful lives of these assets. 
 Goodwill. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis as of October 1 st , after the annual planning process is complete. More frequent evaluations may be required if we experience changes in our business climate or as a result of other triggering events that may take place. If the carrying value exceeds fair value, the asset is considered impaired and is reduced to its fair value. 
 In assessing goodwill for impairment, we may choose to initially evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, then an impairment analysis for goodwill is performed at the reporting unit level using a quantitative approach. The quantitative test is a comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit, determined using a combination of the income and market approaches, to its recorded amount. If the recorded amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment is recorded to reduce the carrying amount to fair value, but will not exceed the amount of goodwill that is recorded. 
 The process of evaluating goodwill for impairment is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. If we elect to perform an optional qualitative analysis, we consider many factors including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, industry and market conditions, financial performance and key business drivers, long-term operating plans, and potential changes to significant assumptions used in the most recent fair value analysis for the reporting unit. When performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test, we generally determine fair value using a combination of an income-based approach and a market-based approach. The fair value determination consists primarily of using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) under the fair value measurement standards. We believe the most critical assumptions and estimates in determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows which is largely dependent on expected EBITDA margins, the discount rate applied to those cash flows, and terminal growth rates. The assumptions used in determining our expected future cash flows consider various factors such as historical operating trends and long-term operating strategies and initiatives. The discount rate used by each reporting unit is based on our assumption of a prudent investor s required rate of return assuming the risk of investing in a particular company. The terminal growth rate reflects the sustainable operating income a reporting unit could generate in a perpetual state as a function of revenue growth, inflation, and future margin expectations. 
 Annual Goodwill Impairment Test 
 As of December 31, 2022, goodwill allocated to our TS and P S segments was approximately 120.5 million and 67.9 million, respectively. 
 For the 2022 annual goodwill impairment test conducted as of October 1 st , 2022, we chose to evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the TS and P S reporting units were less than their respective carrying amounts. In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, in order to perform the qualitative assessment, we considered many factors including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, industry and market conditions, financial performance and key business drivers, long-term operating plans, and potential changes to significant assumptions used in the most recent quantitative fair value analysis for each reporting unit (which was conducted in connection with our segment realignment beginning in September 2021 as further described below). Based on our analysis of the factors and considerations described above, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit continued to be greater than the respective carrying value. Therefore, no impairment charges were recorded and a quantitative analysis was not performed. 
 Because of the recency and lack of changes with respect to market conditions and data assumptions used in the quantitative assessment performed in connection with the segment realignment discussed below, during the fourth quarter of 2021 we completed our annual goodwill impairment test using a qualitative assessment. As part of the qualitative analysis, we considered many factors including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, industry and market conditions, financial performance and key business drivers, long-term operating plans, and potential changes to significant assumptions used in the fair value analysis for each reporting unit (performed in connection with the segment realignment). 
 51 

Table of Contents 

In connection with our segment realignment beginning in September 2021 described in greater detail below, as well as our annual goodwill impairment test conducted during the fourth quarter of 2020, we performed a quantitative assessment for each reporting unit utilizing a combination of the income and market approaches, the results of which we weighted evenly. No impairment was indicated as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value. 
 Future events and changing market conditions may require a re-evaluation of the assumptions used in the determination of fair value for each reporting unit, including key assumptions used in the expected EBITDA margins and cash flows, as well as other key assumptions with respect to matters out of our control, such as discount rates and market multiple comparables. These future events and changing market conditions could result in an impairment of goodwill. 
 2021 Segment Realignment 
 As further described in Note 5 and Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, beginning in September 2021 we realigned our operating and reportable segments. Based on these changes, we established two operating and reportable segments: Transportation Solutions TS and Parts Services P S ). These operating and reportable segments were also determined to be the applicable reporting units for purposes of goodwill assignment and evaluation. In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill immediately prior to and subsequently following the change in segments and reporting units. The quantitative analyses did not result in any impairment charges as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded the carrying value. In addition, as part of the change in segment structure, we reassigned goodwill from the historical Commercial Trailer Products CTP ), Diversified Products DPG ), and Final Mile Products FMP reporting units to the TS and P S reporting units using a relative fair value allocation approach as required by the relevant accounting guidance. 
 Goodwill Allocation for Extract Technology Extract 
 As further described in Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, during the second quarter of 2021, we sold our Extract business that manufactured stainless steel isolators and downflow booths, as well as custom-fabricated equipment, including workstations and drum booths for the pharmaceutical, fine chemical, biotech, and nuclear end markets. Prior to the divestiture, Extract was an operating unit within the historical Process Systems reporting unit (which was within the historical DPG segment). In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, as part of the sale we allocated 11.1 million of goodwill based upon the relative fair value of the Extract operating unit compared to the historical DPG reporting unit as a whole. This goodwill was included in the carrying value of the disposed assets and the resulting net gain recognized in connection with the sale. Prior to and subsequent to the divestiture, we performed an impairment assessment for the historical DPG reporting unit and concluded the fair value of the reporting unit continued to exceed the carrying value. 
 Goodwill Allocation for Beall 
 As further described in Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, during the fourth quarter of 2020, we sold our Beall brand of tank trailers and associated assets. Prior to the divestiture Beall , was an operating unit within the historical Tank Trailers reporting unit (which was within the historical DPG segment). In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, as part of the sale we allocated 4.7 million of goodwill based upon the relative fair value of the Beall operating unit compared to the historical Tank Trailers reporting unit as a whole. This goodwill was included in the carrying value of the disposed assets and the resulting loss recognized in connection with the sale. Subsequent to the divestiture, we performed an impairment assessment for the historical Tank Trailers reporting unit and concluded the fair value of the reporting unit continued to exceed the carrying value. 
 2020 Interim Goodwill Impairment Test 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2019, our share price and market capitalization declined. In addition, as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related impact on our results of operations, we did not perform in-line with expectations. As a result, indicators of impairment were identified and we performed an interim quantitative assessment as of March 31, 2020, utilizing a combination of the income and market approaches, which were weighted evenly. Key assumptions used in the analysis were discount rates of 17.0 and 13.5 for the historical FMP reporting unit and historical Tank Trailers reporting unit (which was within the historical DPG segment), respectively, EBITDA margins, and a terminal growth rate of 3.0 . The results of the quantitative analysis indicated the carrying value of the historical FMP and historical Tank Trailers reporting units exceeded their respective fair values and, accordingly, goodwill impairment charges of 95.8 million and 11.0 million, respectively, were recorded during the first quarter of 2020. The goodwill impairment charges, which are based on Level 3 fair value measurements, are included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the results of the quantitative analysis performed as of March 31, 2020 indicated the fair value of the historical Process Systems reporting unit, which was within the historical DPG segment, exceeded the carrying value by approximately 3 . Key assumptions used in the analysis were a discount rate of 14.5 , EBITDA margin, and a terminal growth rate of 3.0 . The historical Process Systems reporting unit designed and manufactured a broad range of products, such as isolators, stationary silos, and downflow booths used in a number of unique markets, including the chemical, dairy, food and beverage, pharmaceutical and nuclear markets. We believe this historical reporting unit s broad range of innovative products in unique industries will result in sufficient future earnings. Based on the results of the interim quantitative test, we performed sensitivity analyses around the key assumptions used in the analysis, the results of which were: (a) a 100 basis point decrease in the EBITDA margin used to determine expected future cash flows would have resulted in an impairment of approximately 4.6 million, (b) a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would have resulted in an impairment of approximately 4.5 million, and (c) a 100 basis point decrease in the terminal growth rate would have resulted in an impairment of approximately 1.2 million. 
 Other 
 Inflationary Cost Environment and Supply Chain Disruption 
 Inflation impacts prices paid for labor, materials and supplies. Significant increases in the costs of production or certain commodities, raw materials, and components could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. As has been our practice, we will endeavor to offset the impact of inflation through selective price increases, productivity improvements, and hedging activities. Our ability to mitigate the impact of inflation through selective price increases may be limited by our strong backlog in cases of orders without inflation-based price adjustment provisions. 
 As further described throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we experienced inflation across our supply chain, increased freight and logistics costs, and volatility in connection with labor shortages. While the global market downturn and overall impacts on our operations are expected to be temporary, the duration and severity of the impacts cannot be estimated at this time. Continued or worsening disruptions to, and impacts on, our production, supply chain, demand for our products, and overall business could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information related to new accounting standards, see Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 In addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we have exposure to financial and market risk resulting from volatility in commodity prices, interest rates, and foreign exchange rates. The following discussion provides additional detail regarding our exposure to these risks. 
 Commodity Price Risks 
 We are exposed to fluctuation in commodity prices through the purchase of various raw materials that are processed from commodities such as aluminum, steel, lumber, nickel, copper, and polyethylene. Given the historical volatility of certain commodity prices, this exposure can significantly impact product costs. We manage some of our commodity price changes by entering into fixed price contracts with our suppliers and through financial derivatives. To the extent that we are unable to offset the increased commodity costs in our product prices, our results would be materially and adversely affected. As of December 31, 2022, we had 59.2 million in raw material purchase commitments through December 2023 for materials that will be used in the production process, as compared to 129.6 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease from the prior year is generally attributable to our variable pricing construct for certain components of our current backlog. We typically do not set prices for our products more than 45-90 days in advance of our commodity purchases and can, subject to competitive market conditions and existing contracts, take into account the cost of the commodity in setting our prices for each order. As of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical ten percent change in commodity prices based on our raw material purchase commitments through December 2023 would result in a corresponding change in cost of goods sold over a one-year period of approximately 5.9 million. This sensitivity analysis does not account for the change in the competitive environment indirectly related to the change in commodity prices and the potential managerial action taken in response to these changes. 
 Interest Rates 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no floating rate debt outstanding under our Revolving Facility. The only other outstanding debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 were the New Senior Notes, which carry a fixed interest rate of 4.50 . Based on the current borrowings under our Revolving Facility, a hypothetical 100 basis-point change in the floating interest rate would result in no corresponding change in interest expense over a one-year period. This sensitivity analysis does not account for the change in the competitive environment indirectly related to the change in interest rates and the potential managerial action taken in response to these changes. 
 Foreign Exchange Rates 
 We are subject to fluctuations in the Mexican peso exchange rates that impact transactions with our foreign subsidiaries, as well as U.S. denominated transactions between these foreign subsidiaries and unrelated parties. A ten percent change in the Mexican peso exchange rates would have an immaterial impact on our results of operations. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 56 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 

55 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wabash National Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wabash National Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with US generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Goodwill Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill was 188.4 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. Management first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. 
 Auditing management s goodwill impairment tests was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine that the fair values of the reporting units were not less than their carrying values when applying a qualitative assessment. In particular, the fair value estimates were sensitive to qualitative factors, such as general economic conditions, industry and market conditions, financial performance and key business drivers, long-term operating plans, and potential changes to significant assumptions used in the most recent quantitative fair value analysis of each reporting unit. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment testing process, including controls over management s review of the qualitative factors described above. 
 To test the conclusion that the fair values of the Company s reporting units are not less than their carrying amounts, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the reasonableness of the factors considered within the analyses, testing the qualitative factors discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. We compared the qualitative factors used by management to current industry and economic trends, historical Company results, key business drivers, the Company s market capitalization and other relevant factors, including evaluating whether any contrary evidence exists. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. February 23, 2023 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of finance lease obligations Accounts payable Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Noncontrolling interest Wabash National Corporation Stockholders' equity: Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Treasury stock, at cost: and common shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Wabash National Corporation stockholders' equity Total liabilities, noncontrolling interest, and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit General and administrative expenses Selling expenses Amortization of intangible assets Impairment and other, net Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Other, net ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average common shares outstanding (in thousands): Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock Total Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss for the year ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock repurchase ) ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Unrealized gain on derivative instruments, net of tax Common stock issued in connection with: Stock option exercises Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net income for the year Foreign currency translation Stock-based compensation Stock repurchase ) ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Unrealized loss on derivative instruments, net of tax ) ) Common stock issued in connection with: Stock option exercises Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net income attributable to common stockholders for the year Foreign currency translation Stock-based compensation Stock repurchase ) ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Unrealized loss on derivative instruments, net of tax ) ) Common stock issued in connection with: Stock option exercises Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Net gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and business divestiture ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Non-cash interest expense Impairment Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash payments for capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets and business divestiture Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Dividends paid ) ) ) Borrowings under revolving credit facilities Payments under revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Principal payments under finance lease obligations ) ) ) Borrowings under new senior notes Principal payments against old senior notes ) ) Borrowings under term loan credit facility, net of original issuance discount Principal payments under term loan credit facility ) ) Debt issuance costs paid ) ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Net cash paid (refunds received) for income taxes ) ) Period end balance of payables for property, plant, and equipment 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 
 Reclassifications. 
 Use of Estimates. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. 
 Accounts Receivable. 
 Expected losses Write-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 Inventories. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Income tax receivables Insurance premiums maintenance/subscription agreements Assets held for sale Commodity swap contracts All other 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment. years for buildings and building improvements and range from three to for machinery and equipment. 
 Goodwill. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Long-Lived Assets. 
 million of construction-in-progress projects that were no longer expected to be completed. 
 As further described in Note 5, in connection with the Company s rebranding initiative the Company recorded non-cash impairment charges of approximately million during the fourth quarter of 2021 related to trade name and trademark intangible assets due to the significant reduction in the related useful lives of these assets. Net intangible assets of approximately million were written-off during the second quarter of 2021 in connection with the Extract Technology divestiture. In addition, net intangible assets of approximately million were written-off during the fourth quarter of 2020 in connection with the Beall divestiture. 
 Other Assets. . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had software costs, net of amortization, of million and million, respectively. Amortization expense for 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Warranties. , except that the coverage period for DuraPlate trailer panels is . The Company passes through component manufacturers warranties to our customers. The Company s policy is to accrue the estimated cost of warranty coverage at the time of the sale. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Provision and revisions to estimates Payments ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 Self Insured Liabilities. 
 Expense Payments ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 Income Taxes. 
 
 Used Trailer Trade Commitments. outstanding trade commitments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. On occasion, the amount of the trade allowance provided for in the used trailer commitments, or cost, may exceed the net realizable value of the underlying used trailer. In these instances, the Company s policy is to recognize the loss related to these commitments at the time the new trailer revenue is recognized. Net realizable value of used trailers is measured considering market sales data for comparable types of trailers. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk. 
 Research and Development. and were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 3. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

5. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 For the 2022 annual goodwill impairment test conducted as of October 1 st , 2022, the Company chose to evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the TS and P S reporting units were less than their respective carrying amounts. In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, in order to perform the qualitative assessment, the Company considered many factors including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, industry and market conditions, financial performance and key business drivers, long-term operating plans, and potential changes to significant assumptions used in the most recent quantitative fair value analysis for each reporting unit (which was conducted in connection with the Company s segment realignment beginning in September 2021 as further described below). Based on the analysis of the factors and considerations described above, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit continued to be greater than the respective carrying value. Therefore, no impairment charges were recorded and a quantitative analysis was not performed. 
 Because of the recency and lack of changes with respect to market conditions and data assumptions used in the quantitative assessment performed in connection with the segment realignment discussed below, during the fourth quarter of 2021 the Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test using a qualitative assessment. As part of the qualitative analysis, the Company considered many factors including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, industry and market conditions, financial performance and key business drivers, long-term operating plans, and potential changes to significant assumptions used in the fair value analysis for each reporting unit (performed in connection with the segment realignment). Based on the analysis of the factors and considerations described above, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit was greater than the respective carrying value. Therefore, no impairment charges were recorded and an additional quantitative analysis was not performed. 
 In connection with the Company s segment realignment beginning in September 2021 described in greater detail below, as well as the Company s annual goodwill impairment test conducted during the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company performed a quantitative assessment for each reporting unit utilizing a combination of the income and market approaches, the results of which were weighted evenly. No impairment was indicated in either annual test as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value. 
 2021 Segment Realignment 
 As further described in Note 20, beginning in September 2021 the Company realigned its operating and reportable segments. Based on these changes, the Company established operating and reportable segments: Transportation Solutions TS and Parts Services P S ). These operating and reportable segments were also determined to be the applicable reporting units for purposes of goodwill assignment and evaluation. In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, the Company performed a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill immediately prior to and subsequently following the change in segments and reporting units. The quantitative analyses did not result in any impairment charges as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded the carrying value. In addition, as part of the change in segment structure, the Company reassigned goodwill from the historical Commercial Trailer Products CTP ), Diversified Products DPG ), and Final Mile Products FMP reporting units to the TS and P S reporting units using a relative fair value allocation approach as required by the relevant accounting guidance. 
 2021 Goodwill Allocation for Extract Technology 
 As further described in Note 21, during the second quarter of 2021, the Company sold its Extract Technology Extract business that manufactured stainless steel isolators and downflow booths, as well as custom-fabricated equipment, including workstations and drum booths for the pharmaceutical, fine chemical, biotech, and nuclear end markets. Prior to the divestiture, Extract was an operating unit within the historical DPG reporting unit. In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, as part of the sale the Company allocated million of goodwill based upon the relative fair value of the Extract operating unit compared to the historical DPG reporting unit as a whole. This goodwill was included in the carrying value of the disposed assets and the resulting net gain recognized in connection with the sale. Prior to and subsequent to the divestiture, the Company performed an impairment assessment for the historical DPG reporting unit and concluded the fair value of the reporting unit continued to exceed the carrying value. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

million of goodwill based upon the relative fair value of the Beall operating unit compared to the Tank Trailers reporting unit as a whole. This goodwill was included in the carrying value of the disposed assets and the resulting loss recognized in connection with the sale. Subsequent to the divestiture, the Company performed an impairment assessment for the Tank Trailers reporting unit and concluded the fair value of the reporting unit continued to exceed the carrying value. 
 2020 Interim Goodwill Impairment Test 
 The Company did not perform in-line with expectations during the first quarter of 2020, partially as a result of impacts to our business and operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, subsequent to December 31, 2019, the Company s share price and market capitalization declined. As a result, indicators of impairment were identified and the Company performed an interim quantitative assessment as of March 31, 2020, utilizing a combination of the income and market approaches, which were weighted evenly. The results of the quantitative analysis indicated the carrying value of the FMP and Tank Trailers reporting units exceeded their respective fair values and, accordingly, goodwill impairment charges of million and million, respectively, were recorded during the first quarter of 2020. The goodwill impairment charges, which were based on Level 3 fair value measurements, are included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Goodwill Rollforward 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Net balance at December 31, 2020 Impact of divestiture on goodwill ) ) Effects of foreign currency ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Net balance as of December 31, 2021 Effects of foreign currency ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
 69 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Annual intangible asset amortization expense for the next 5 fiscal years is estimated to be million in 2023; million in 2024; million in 2025; million in 2026; and million in 2027. 
 As further described throughout our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, on January 10, 2022, the Company completed its review and approval of its plan for rebranding as Wabash . As part of the planning process, the Company assessed its usage of trade names and brand names in connection with the long-term growth strategy as One Wabash. Under the plan as approved, the Company no longer uses certain trade names or brand names, and predominantly uses Wabash (or variations thereof) to refer to the Company. The decision resulted in non-cash impairment charges of approximately million (of which approximately million related to the TS operating segment and million to the P S operating segment) during the fourth quarter of 2021 related to trade name and trademark intangible assets due to the significant reduction in the related useful lives of these assets. The impairment charges are included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Net intangible assets of approximately million were written-off during the second quarter of 2021 in connection with the Extract divestiture. In addition, net intangible assets of approximately million were written-off during the fourth quarter of 2020 in connection with the Beall divestiture. 
 years ) Technology years ) Total ) 
 As of December 31, 2021, the balances of intangible assets, other than goodwill, were as follows (in thousands): 
 Weighted Average Amortization Period Gross Intangible Assets Accumulated Amortization Net Intangible Assets Trade names and trademarks N/A Customer relationships years ) Technology years ) Total ) 

6. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

ownership in WP while its partner holds the remaining . Initial capital contributions were insignificant. WP has no debt or other financial obligations other than typical operating expenses and costs. Creditors of WP do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company. The operating agreement requires excess cash distributions, as defined in the agreement, no later than 30 days after the end of the second and fourth quarters of each year in proportion to the respective ownership interests. 
 The operating agreement provides the Company s partner with a put right that would require the Company to purchase its partner s interest in WP. Upon receiving notice that the Company s partner has exercised the put right, a valuation will occur as stipulated within the operating agreement. Such put right has not been exercised by the Company s partner and is therefore not mandatorily redeemable as of the current period end date, however the existence of the put right that is beyond the Company s control requires the noncontrolling interest to be presented in the temporary equity section of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Because the entity does not have sufficient equity at risk to permit it to carry on its activities without additional financial support, the Company concluded that WP is a VIE. The Company has the power to direct the activities of WP through majority representation on the Board of Directors as well as control related to the management and overall strategic direction of the entity. In addition, the Company has the obligation to absorb the benefits and losses of WP that could potentially be significant to the entity. The Company also has a requirement to provide funding to the entity if needed. Given the facts and circumstances specific to WP, the Company concluded that it is the primary beneficiary and, as such, is required to consolidate the entity. WP s results of operations are included in the Parts Services operating and reportable segment. Through December 31, 2022, the Company did not provide financial or other support to this VIE that it was not contractually obligated to provide. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any obligations to provide financial support to WP. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions declared to noncontrolling interest Balance at December 31 

7. 
 Finished goods Work in progress Used trailers Aftermarket parts 
 
 8. 
 million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and includes depreciation of assets recorded in connection with the Company s finance lease agreement (which ended during the first quarter of 2022, at which point the property, plant, and equipment assets were legally owned by the Company). As of December 31, 2021, the assets related to the Company s finance lease agreement were recorded within Property, plant and equipment, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the amount of million, net of accumulated depreciation of million. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 9. 
 Chassis converter pool agreements Warranty Payroll and related taxes Self-insurance Accrued interest Operating lease obligations Accrued taxes All other 
 
 10. 
 Revolving Credit Agreement Less: unamortized discount and fees ) ) Less: current portion 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 On October 6, 2021, the Company closed on an offering of million in aggregate principal amount of its unsecured Senior Notes due 2028 (the New Senior Notes ). The New Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of October 6, 2021, by and among the Company, certain subsidiary guarantors named therein (the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Indenture ). The New Senior Notes bear interest at the rate of and pay interest semi-annually in cash in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The New Senior Notes will mature on October 15, 2028. At any time prior to October 15, 2024, the Company may redeem some or all of the New Senior Notes for cash at a redemption price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the New Senior Notes being redeemed plus an applicable make-whole premium set forth in the Indenture and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

of the New Senior Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date, with the proceeds of certain equity offerings so long as if, after any such redemption occurs, at least of the aggregate principal amount of the New Senior Notes remain outstanding. On and after October 15, 2024, the Company may redeem some or all of the New Senior Notes at redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) equal to for the twelve-month period beginning on October 15, 2024, for the twelve-month period beginning October 15, 2025 and beginning on October 15, 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture), unless the Company has exercised its optional redemption right in respect of the New Senior Notes, the holders of the New Senior Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the New Senior Notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the New Senior Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of repurchase. 
 The New Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all direct and indirect existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries, subject to certain restrictions. The New Senior Notes and related guarantees are the Company s and the Guarantors general unsecured senior obligations and will be subordinated to all of the Company and the Guarantors existing and future secured debt to the extent of the assets securing that secured obligation. In addition, the New Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to any existing and future debt of any of the Company s subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, to the extent of the assets of those subsidiaries. 
 Subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications, the Indenture restricts the Company s ability and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries to: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, its capital stock or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits; (iii) make loans and certain investments; (iv) sell assets; (v) create or incur liens; (vi) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (vii) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. 
 During any time when the New Senior Notes are rated investment grade by at least two of Moody s, Fitch and Standard Poor s Ratings Services and no Default (as defined in the Indenture) has occurred and is continuing, many of such covenants will be suspended and the Company and its subsidiaries will cease to be subject to such covenants during such period. 
 The Indenture contains customary events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of covenants, failure to pay certain judgments and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the principal amount of the New Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, may be declared immediately due and payable. These amounts automatically become due and payable if an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occurs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 The sale of the New Senior Notes resulted in net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting financing fees and other offering expenses. The Company used the net proceeds of the New Senior Notes and a portion of the million draw from the increased capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement to fund the redemption in full of the Senior Notes due 2025, to repay in full the million of outstanding borrowings under the term loan credit agreement entered into on September 28, 2020 (the New Term Loan Credit Agreement among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, and to pay all related fees and expenses. (The New Term Loan Credit Agreement refinanced and replaced that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2012 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Old Term Loan Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the lenders party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent.) Debt extinguishment charges totaling million were recorded during the fourth quarter of 2021 in connection with the redemption in full of the Senior Notes due 2025 and the repayment in full of the outstanding borrowings under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. The loss on debt extinguishment charges are included in Other, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Contractual coupon interest expense and accretion of fees for the New Senior Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, and million and million, respectively. 
 Contractual coupon interest expense and accretion of discount and fees for the Senior Notes due 2025, which were redeemed in full during the fourth quarter of 2021 as described above, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, were million and million, and million and million, respectively. 
 Contractual coupon interest expense and accretion of discount and fees are included in Interest expense on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the third quarter of 2020, the Company repaid million of the Senior Notes due 2025 utilizing net proceeds from the closure of the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

million revolving credit facility to the Borrowers with a scheduled maturity date of September 23, 2027. The Company has the option to increase the total commitments under the facility by up to an additional million, subject to certain conditions, including obtaining agreements from one or more lenders, whether or not party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, to provide such additional commitments. Availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement is based upon quarterly (or more frequent under certain circumstances) borrowing base certifications of the Borrowers eligible inventory, eligible leasing inventory and eligible accounts receivable, and is reduced by certain reserves in effect from time to time. 
 Subject to availability, the Revolving Credit Agreement provides for a letter of credit subfacility in the amount of million, and allows for swingline loans in the amount of million. Outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest at an annual rate, at the Borrowers election, equal to (i) adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a margin ranging from to or (ii) a base rate plus a margin ranging from to , in each case depending upon the monthly average excess availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Borrowers are required to pay a monthly unused line fee equal to times the average daily unused availability along with other customary fees and expenses of the Agent and the lenders. 
 The Revolving Credit Agreement is guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company (the Guarantors and is secured by substantially all personal property of the Borrowers and the Guarantors. 
 The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary covenants limiting the ability of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things, pay cash dividends, incur debt or liens, redeem or repurchase stock, enter into transactions with affiliates, merge, dissolve, repay subordinated indebtedness, make investments and dispose of assets. In addition, the Company will be required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.0 as of the end of any period of 12 fiscal months when excess availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (a) of the lesser of (i) the total revolving commitments and (ii) the borrowing base (such lesser amount, the Line Cap and (b) million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 If availability under the Revolving Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (i) of the Line Cap and (ii) million for three consecutive business days, or if there exists an event of default, amounts in any of the Borrowers and the Guarantors deposit accounts (other than certain excluded accounts) will be transferred daily into a blocked account held by the Agent and applied to reduce the outstanding amounts under the facility. 
 The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary events of default. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders may, among other things, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding and foreclose on collateral. In addition, in the case of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the lenders obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement would automatically terminate, and all amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement would automatically become due and payable. 
 The Company s liquidity position, defined as cash on hand and available borrowing capacity on the Revolving Credit Agreement, amounted to million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had net payments of principal of million under the Revolving Credit Agreement, and as of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company drew million under the Revolving Credit Agreement, a portion of which was used along with the proceeds of the New Senior Notes to fund the redemption in full of the Senior Notes due 2025, to repay in full the million of outstanding borrowings under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement, and to pay all related fees and expenses of the New Senior Notes. The Company repaid million under the Revolving Credit Agreement during the fourth quarter of 2021, and as of December 31, 2021, outstanding borrowings totaled million. 
 Interest expense under the Revolving Credit Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. Interest expense under the Revolving Credit Agreement is included in Interest expense on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

million draw from the increased capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement to repay in full the million of outstanding borrowings under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. In addition to the full repayment during the fourth quarter, during the second quarter of 2021, the Company made principal payments totaling million and recognized loss on debt extinguishment charges of approximately million. The extinguishment charges are included in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, under the New and Old Term Loan Credit Agreements the Company paid interest of million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred charges of million in each period for amortization of fees and original issuance discount, which are included in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 million from the New Term Loan Credit Agreement to pay off the outstanding principal under the Old Term Loan Credit Agreement of million, repay a portion of its outstanding Senior Notes due 2025, and pay related fees and expenses. In connection with the pay off of the Old Term Loan Credit Agreement (specifically for those lenders that did not participate in the New Term Loan Credit Agreement) and partial repayment of the outstanding Senior Notes, the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment totaling approximately million, which is included in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, as further described in Note 21, during the fourth quarter of 2020 the Company sold its Beall million from the sale were used to pay down outstanding principal under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. In connection with the pay down the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment totaling approximately million. 
 
 11. 
 million. The Company uses commodity swap contracts to mitigate the risks associated with fluctuations in commodity prices impacting its cash flows related to inventory purchases from suppliers. The Company does not hedge all commodity price risk. 
 At inception, the Company designated the commodity swap contracts as cash flow hedges. The contracts mature at specified monthly settlement dates and will be recognized into earnings through January 2024. The effective portion of the hedging transaction is recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) AOCI and transferred to earnings when the forecasted hedged transaction takes place or when the forecasted hedged transaction is no longer probable to occur. 
 Financial Statement Presentation 
 Commodity swap contracts Accounts payable and Other accrued liabilities ) ) Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Cost of sales ) 
 Over the next 12 months, the Company expects to reclassify approximately million of pretax deferred gains related to the commodity swap contracts from AOCI to cost of sales as inventory purchases are settled. 
 
 12. 
 or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from generally one to years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s sole discretion, and are included in the lease term only to the extent such renewal options are reasonably certain of being exercised upon lease commencement. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased property. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, obligations related to leases that the Company has executed but have not yet commenced were insignificant. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into sale-leaseback-sublease transactions. Such contracts were entered into in contemplation of each other and are thus recorded on a net basis. The net revenue from these contracts was insignificant for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, certain of the transactions occurred with a related party such transactions were at market value and arm s length. The Company has no other significant lease agreements in place for which the Company is a lessor or sublessor. 
 Finance Property, plant and equipment, net Total leased ROU assets Liabilities Current Operating Other accrued liabilities Finance Current portion of finance lease obligations Noncurrent Operating Non-current liabilities Finance Finance lease obligations Total lease liabilities 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Finance lease cost Amortization of ROU leased assets Depreciation and amortization within Cost of sales Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Net lease cost 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease payments 
 As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Lease costs included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are as follows (in thousands): 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 

13. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Mutual funds Recurring Life-insurance contracts Recurring December 31, 2021 Commodity swap contracts Recurring Mutual funds Recurring Life-insurance contracts Recurring 
 Estimated Fair Value of Debt 
 The estimated fair value of debt at December 31, 2022 consists of the Senior Notes due 2028 (see Note 10). The interest rates on the Company s borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement are adjusted regularly to reflect current market rates and thus carrying value approximates fair value for any borrowings. The fair value of the Senior Notes due 2028 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are based upon third party pricing sources, which generally do not represent daily market activity or represent data obtained from an exchange, and are classified as Level 2. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Revolving Credit Agreement 
 The fair value of debt is based on current public market prices for disclosure purposes only. Unrealized gains or losses are not recognized in the financial statements as long-term debt is presented at carrying value, net of any unamortized premium or discount and unamortized deferred financing costs in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 14. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

million issued in connection with workers compensation claims and surety bonds. 
 d. Purchase Commitments 
 The Company has million in purchase commitments at December 2022 for various raw material commodities, including aluminum, steel, nickel, and polyethylene, as well as other raw material components which are within normal production requirements. 
 e. Chassis Converter Pool Agreements 
 The Company obtains most vehicle chassis for its specialized vehicle products directly from the chassis manufacturers under converter pool agreements. Chassis are obtained from the manufacturers based on orders from customers, and in some cases, for unallocated orders. The agreements generally state that the manufacturer will provide a supply of chassis to be maintained at the Company s facilities with the condition that we will store such chassis and will not move, sell, or otherwise dispose of such chassis except under the terms of the agreement. In addition, the manufacturer typically retains the sole authority to authorize commencement of work on the chassis and to make certain other decisions with respect to the chassis including the terms and pricing of sales of the chassis to the manufacturer s dealers. The manufacturer also does not transfer the certificate of origin to the Company nor permit the Company to sell or transfer the chassis to anyone other than the manufacturer (for ultimate resale to a dealer). Although the Company is party to related finance agreements with manufacturers, the Company has not historically settled, nor expects to in the future settle, any related obligations in cash. Instead, the obligation is settled by the manufacturer upon reassignment of the chassis to an accepted dealer, and the dealer is invoiced for the chassis by the manufacturer. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 the Company s outstanding chassis converter pool with the manufacturer totaled million and has included this financing agreement on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets within Prepaid expenses and other and Other accrued liabilities . All other chassis programs are handled as consigned inventory belonging to the manufacturer and totaled approximately million. Under these agreements, if the chassis is not delivered to a customer within a specified time frame the Company is required to pay a finance or storage charge on the chassis. Additionally, the Company receives finance support funds from manufacturers when the chassis are assigned into the Company s chassis pool. Typically, chassis are converted and delivered to customers within 90 days of the receipt of the chassis by the Company. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

15. 
 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share: Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive stock options and restricted stock Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share ) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were options excluded from average diluted shares outstanding as the average market price of the common shares was greater than the exercise price. As noted above, due to the net loss applicable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2020, securities had a dilutive impact. 
 
 16. 
 shares for issuance under the plan. Awards granted under the 2017 Incentive Plan may be in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, other share-based awards, and cash awards to directors, officers, and other eligible employees of the Company. 
 The Company recognizes all share-based awards to eligible employees based upon their grant date fair value. The Company s policy is to recognize expense for awards that have service conditions only subject to graded vesting using the straight-line attribution method. In addition, the Company s policy is to estimate expected forfeitures on share-based awards. Total stock-based compensation expense was million, million, and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in Cost of sales , General and administrative expenses , and Selling expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The amount of compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock not yet recognized was approximately million at December 31, 2022, for which the weighted average remaining life was approximately years. There was no compensation cost related to non-vested stock options not yet recognized at December 31, 2022. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Restricted stock awards vest over a period of one to and may be based on the achievement of specific financial performance metrics and market conditions. Awards based strictly on time-based vesting and those awards with performance metrics are valued at the market price on the date of grant. The fair values of the awards that contain market conditions are estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation approach in a risk-neutral framework to model future stock price movements based upon historical volatility, risk-free rates of return, and correlation matrix. Restricted stock awards are generally forfeitable in the event of terminated employment prior to vesting. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Restricted Stock Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company granted , , and shares of restricted stock, respectively, with aggregate fair values on the date of grant of approximately million, million, and million, respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock that vested during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options are awarded with an exercise price equal to the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant, become fully exercisable after the date of grant, and expire after the date of grant. stock options have been granted by the Company since February 2015. 
 Exercised ) Forfeited Expired Options Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 17. 
 million in shares of common stock over a period. This authorization was an increase to the previous million repurchase programs approved in November 2018, February 2017, and February 2016. The repurchase program is set to expire in August 2024. Stock repurchases under this program may be made in the open market or in private transactions at times and in amounts determined by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, million remained available under the program. 
 Common and Preferred Stock 
 The Board of Directors has the authority to issue common and unclassed preferred stock of up to million shares and million shares, respectively, with par value of per share, as well as to fix dividends, voting and conversion rights, redemption provisions, liquidation preferences, and other rights and restrictions. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (a) 
 ) Less: Net realized gains (losses) reclassified to net loss (b) 
 ) ) Net change during the period ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (c) 
 Less: Net realized gains (losses) reclassified to net income (d) 
 Net change during the period ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (e) 
 Less: Net realized gains (losses) reclassified to net income (f) 
 Net change during the period ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 (a) Derivative instruments net of million of tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (b) Derivative instruments net of million of tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (c) Derivative instruments net of million of tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (d) Derivative instruments net of million of tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (e) Derivative instruments net of million of tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (f) Derivative instruments net of million of tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 18. 
 million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 19. 
 ) Foreign ) Total income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 84 

Table of Contents 

million for the benefit of carrying back the NOL for the year ended December 31, 2020. As the Company was carrying the losses back to years beginning before January 1, 2018, the receivables were recorded at the previous 35 federal tax rate rather than the current statutory rate of 21 . 
 ) State ) ) Foreign ) Deferred Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total consolidated expense (benefit) ) 
 ) Federal tax expense (benefit) at applicable statutory rate ) State and local income taxes (net of federal benefit) ) Rate differential ) Impairment and divestiture Tax credits ) ) Nondeductible officer compensation Compensation expense Other ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 Deferred Taxes 
 The Company s deferred income taxes are primarily due to temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting for incentive compensation, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortization of intangibles, and other accrued liabilities. 
 Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Companies are required to assess whether valuation allowances should be established against their deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, against deferred tax assets related to various state and local NOLs that are subject to restrictive rules for future utilization. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no U.S. federal tax NOLs. The Company incurred a net loss in 2020 and fully utilized that loss in carrybacks. The Company has various multi-state income tax NOLs aggregating approximately million which will expire between 2023 and 2043, if unused. 
 Accrued liabilities Incentive compensation Operating lease assets Research expenditure amortization Other Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment ) ) Intangibles ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax liability before valuation allowances and reserves ) ) Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 Tax Reserves 
 The Company s policy with respect to interest and penalties associated with reserves or allowances for uncertain tax positions is to classify such interest and penalties in Income tax expense (benefit) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of unrecognized income tax benefits, which are included in either Other noncurrent liabilities or Deferred income taxes in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, was approximately million and million, respectively, including interest and penalties, all of which, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded a total of million and million, respectively, of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company expects no significant changes to the facts and circumstances underlying its reserves and allowances for uncertain income tax positions as reasonably possible during the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is subject to unexpired statutes of limitation for U.S. federal income taxes for the years 2019 through 2021. The Company is also subject to unexpired statutes of limitation for Indiana state income taxes for the years 2019 through 2021. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

20. 
 segments: CTP, DPG, and FMP. The Company began its One Wabash organizational transformation during the first quarter of 2020 to better align its resources and processes on serving the customer and enable long-term growth. In connection with the substantial completion of the Company s One Wabash strategic initiatives during the third quarter of 2021, including organizational and structural changes as well as portfolio rationalization, beginning in September 2021 the Company realigned its operating and reportable segments based on how the CODM manages the business, allocates resources, makes operating decisions, and evaluates operating performance. Based on this realignment, the Company eliminated the historical CTP, DPG, and FMP segments and established operating and reportable segments: TS and P S. 
 While the Company has historically generated a small portion of its revenue and profitability from streams like aftermarket parts, repair and maintenance services, and upfitting and equipment services, historically these businesses existed scattered throughout the Company s siloed organization structure. During the One Wabash transformation that culminated with segment realignment, the Company brought these previously siloed businesses together to leverage the Company s strengths and better reach the customer, which included shifting significant resources and talent to lead these parts and services businesses. The Company continues to formulate aggressive plans that now underpin growth initiatives under the One Wabash approach. 
 Additional information related to the composition of each segment is included below. 
 Transportation Solutions TS ): The TS segment comprises the design and manufacturing operations for the Company s transportation-related equipment and products. This includes dry and refrigerated van trailers, platform trailers, and the Company s wood flooring production facility, all of which were previously reported in the CTP segment. The Company s EcoNex products that were historically included in both the CTP and FMP segments are now reported in the TS segment. In addition, the TS segment includes tank trailers and truck-mounted tanks that were historically reported in the DPG segment. Finally, truck-mounted dry and refrigerated bodies and service and stake bodies that were previously reported in the FMP segment are also in the TS segment. 
 Parts Services P S ): The P S segment is comprised of each of the Company s historical segments parts and services businesses as well as the upfitting component of our truck bodies business. In addition, the Company s Composites business, which focuses on the use of DuraPlate composite panels beyond the semi-trailer market, is also part of the P S segment (previously reported in the DPG segment). Finally, the P S segment includes the Company s Engineered Products business (previously reported in the DPG segment), including stainless-steel storage tanks and silos, mixers, and processors for a variety of end markets. Growing and expanding the parts and services businesses is a key strategic initiative for the Company moving forward. 
 The accounting policies of the TS and P S segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies except that the Company evaluates segment performance based on income (loss) from operations. The Company has not allocated certain corporate related administrative costs, interest, and income taxes included in the corporate and eliminations segment to the Company s other reportable segments. The Company accounts for intersegment sales and transfers at cost. Segment assets are not presented as it is not a measure reviewed by the CODM in allocating resources and assessing performance. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Intersegment sales ) Total net sales ) Depreciation and amortization Income (Loss) from operations ) 2021 Net sales External customers Intersegment sales ) Total net sales ) Depreciation and amortization Income (Loss) from operations ) 2020 Net sales External customers Intersegment sales ) Total net sales ) Depreciation and amortization Loss from operations ) ) ) ) 
 Customer Concentration 
 The Company is subject to a concentration of risk as the five largest customers together accounted for approximately , , and of the Company s aggregate net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In addition, for each of the last three years there were no customers whose revenue individually represented 10 or more of our aggregate net sales. International sales accounted for less than 10 in each of the last three years. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

) Used trailers Components, parts and services Equipment and other ) Total net external sales ) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Transportation Solutions Parts Services Eliminations Consolidated New trailers ) Used trailers Components, parts and services Equipment and other ) Total net external sales ) 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 Transportation Solutions Parts Services Eliminations Consolidated New trailers ) Used trailers Components, parts and services Equipment and other ) Total net external sales ) 

21. IMPAIRMENT, 
 million of construction-in-progress projects that were no longer expected to be completed. In addition, the Company sold a building (and the related land) for net proceeds of million. A gain on sale of approximately million was recognized as part of the sale. The impairment and gain on sale are included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company sold its Extract Technology Extract business that manufactured stainless steel isolators and downflow booths, as well as custom-fabricated equipment, including workstations and drum booths for the pharmaceutical, fine chemical, biotech, and nuclear end markets. Proceeds of the sale, net of transaction costs and cash divested, totaled approximately million. Prior to the sale, Extract was an operating unit within the historical DPG reporting segment. A gain on sale of approximately million was recognized in connection with the divestiture, and a portion of the net proceeds from the sale were used to pay down outstanding principal under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement as further described in Note 10. The gain on sale is included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, as part of the sale the Company allocated million of goodwill based upon the relative fair value of the Extract operating unit compared to the historical DPG reporting unit as a whole. This goodwill, along with net intangible assets of approximately million, were included in the carrying value of the disposed assets and the resulting gain recognized in connection with the sale. 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company impaired unused and obsolete property, plant, and equipment assets totaling approximately million. The impairment charges are included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

million. Prior to the sale, Beall was an operating unit within the Tank Trailers reporting unit. A loss on sale of approximately million was recognized in connection with the divestiture, and the net proceeds of million from the sale were used to pay down outstanding principal under the New Term Loan Credit Agreement. The loss on sale is included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, as part of the sale the Company allocated million of goodwill based upon the relative fair value of the Beall operating unit compared to the Tank Trailers reporting unit as a whole. This goodwill was included in the carrying value of the disposed assets and the resulting loss recognized in connection with the sale. 
 In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2020 the Company sold the property, plant, and equipment assets, which were previously classified as held for sale, from the remaining retail location in Columbus, Ohio for net proceeds of million. A gain on sale of approximately million was recognized as part of the sale. The gain on sale is included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, the Company sold property, plant, and equipment assets for proceeds totaling million and recognized a gain on sale of approximately million. The gain on sale is included in Impairment and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 22. 
 Gross profit Net income attributable to common stockholders Basic net income attributable to common stockholders per share (1) 
 Diluted net income attributable to common stockholders per share (1) 
 2021 Net sales Gross profit Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share (1) 
 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share (1) 
 ) 2020 Net sales Gross profit Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share (1) 
 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share (1) 
 ) 
 
 (1) Basic and diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share is computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share may differ from annual net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per share due to rounding. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on an evaluation conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, including those procedures described below, we, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, determined that those controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Wabash National Corporation the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; (3) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (4) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Ernst Young LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, has audited the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and its report on internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 appears on the following page. 
 Brent L. Yeagy President and Chief Executive Officer Michael N. Pettit Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wabash National Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Wabash National Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Wabash National Corporation (the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Indianapolis, Indiana February 23, 2023 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Company hereby incorporates by reference the information contained under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers from Item 1 Part I of this Annual Report. 
 The Company hereby incorporates by reference the information contained under the headings Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Proposal 1 - Election of Directors and Corporate Governance from its definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders of the Company and filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 10, 2023. 
 Code of Ethics 
 As part of our system of corporate governance, our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics that is specifically applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers. This Code of Ethics is available within the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations page of our website at ir.onewabash.com. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. We will disclose any waivers for our Chief Executive Officer or Senior Financial Officers under, or any amendments to, our Code of Ethics by posting such information on our website at the address above. 
 
 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The Company hereby incorporates by reference the information contained under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation Tables, and Corporate Governance Director Compensation from its definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to the stockholders of the Company and filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 10, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The Company hereby incorporates by reference the information contained under the headings Beneficial Ownership Information Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock and Equity Compensation Plan Information from its definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to the stockholders of the Company and filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 10, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The Company hereby incorporates by reference the information contained under the headings Corporate Governance Board Structure and its Role in Oversight Director Independence and Corporate Governance Related Persons Transactions Policy from its definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to the stockholders of the Company and filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 10, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by Item 14 of this form and the Audit Committee s pre-approval policies and procedures regarding the engagement of the principal accountant are incorporated herein by reference to the information contained under the heading Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to the stockholders of the Company and filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 10, 2023. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Financial Statements: The Company has included all required financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. The financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not applicable or the required information is included in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (b) Exhibits: Reference is made to the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report for a list of exhibits filed with this Annual Report or incorporated herein by reference to the document. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX No. Description 3.01 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended 5 
 3.02 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended 15 
 4.01 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (1) 
 4.02 
 Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2021, by and among Wabash National Corporation, the several guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (1 4 
 4.03 
 Form of 4.50 Senior Notes due 2028 (1 4 
 4.04 
 Description of Securities 9 
 10.0 1 # 
 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan 3 
 10.0 2 # 
 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 6 
 10.0 3 # 
 Change in Control Severance Pay Plan 4 
 10. 04 # 
 Wabash National Corporation Executive Severance Plan 2 
 10. 05 # 
 Form of Wabash National Corporation Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for awards granted to employees under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (1 2 
 10. 06 # 
 Wabash National Corporation Supplemental Plan, effective May 12, 2020 (1 0 
 10. 07 # 
 Form of Wabash National Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for awards gr anted to non-employee directors under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (1 0 
 10. 08 # 
 Form of Wabash National Corporation Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for awards granted to employees under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (1 2 
 10. 09 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated December 21, 2018 among Wabash National Corporation, certain subsidiaries of Wabash National Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as administrative agent 8 
 10. 10 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated September 28, 2020, among Wabash National Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as the arranger and administrative agent for the Lenders, and the Lenders party thereto (1 1 
 10. 11 
 Increase Agreement Regarding Incremental Revolver Commitments and Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021, among Wabash National Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as the administrative agent (1 3 
 10.12 
 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 23, 2022, among Wabash National Corporation, certain subsidiaries of Wabash National Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC as arranger and administrative agent (16) 
 10. 13 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Directors and Executive Officers 7 
 21.1 
 List of Significant Subsidiaries (1 7 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP (1 7 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (1 7 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (1 7 
 32.1 
 Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) (1 7 
 101 The following materials from Wabash National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 are filed herewith, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (17) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (17) # Management contract or compensatory plan (1) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-27317) filed on May 16, 1997 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2015 (File No. 001-10883) (3) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2011 (File No. 001-10883) 
 94 

Table of Contents 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2011 (File No. 001-10883) (5) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2011 (File No. 001-10883) (6) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form S-8 filed on May 18, 2017 (File No. 333-218085) (7) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2017 (File No. 001-10883) (8) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2018 (File No. 001-10883) (9) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020 (File No. 001-10883) (10) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2020 (File No. 001-10883) (11) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2020 (File No. 001-10883) (12) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2021 (File No. 001-10883) (13) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021 (File No 001-10883) (14) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2021 (File No 001-10883) (15) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022 (File No 001-10883) (16) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2022 (File No 001-10883) (17) Filed herewith 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 WABASH NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Michael N. Pettit Michael N. Pettit Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature and Name Title Date /s/ Brent L. Yeagy President and Chief Executive Officer, Director February 23, 2023 Brent L. Yeagy (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Michael N. Pettit Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Michael N. Pettit (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Larry J. Magee Chairman of the Board of Directors February 23, 2023 Larry J. Magee /s/ Therese M. Bassett Director February 23, 2023 Therese M. Bassett /s/ John G. Boss Director February 23, 2023 John G. Boss /s/ Trent J. Broberg Director February 23, 2023 Trent J. Broberg /s/ Ann D. Murtlow Director February 23, 2023 Ann D. Murtlow /s/ Sudhanshu S. Priyadarshi Director February 23, 2023 Sudhanshu S. Priyadarshi /s/ Scott K. Sorensen Director February 23, 2023 Scott K. Sorensen /s/ Stuart A. Taylor II Director February 23, 2023 Stuart A. Taylor II 
 
 96 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211-20221231.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY AND 
 OWNERSHIP OF SUBSIDIARY STOCK 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY STATE OF INCORPORATION OF SHARES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION Wabash National Trailer Centers, Inc. 
 Delaware 100 Wabash National, L.P. 
 Delaware 100 Wabash National Manufacturing, L.P. 
 Delaware 100 Wabash National Services, L.P. 
 Delaware 100 Continental Transit Corporation 
 Indiana 100 Walker Stainless Equipment Co., LLC Delaware 100 Bulk Solutions, LLC Texas 
 100 Brenner Tank LLC Wisconsin 100 Wabash International Holdings, Inc. Delaware 100 Supreme Insurance Company, Inc. Nevada 100 Supreme Corporation Texas 100 SC Tower Structural Laminating, Inc. Texas 100 Supreme Murphy Truck Bodies, Inc. North Carolina 100 Supreme Northwest, LLC Texas 100 
 ____________________ 
 Includes both direct and indirect ownership by Wabash National Corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231-20221231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-236914) of Wabash National Corporation, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-178778) pertaining to the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan of Wabash National Corporation, and 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218085) pertaining to the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan of Wabash National Corporation 
 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Wabash National Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Wabash National Corporation, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Wabash National Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-20221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Brent L. Yeagy, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wabash National Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 
 s Brent L. Yeagy 
 Brent L. Yeagy 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-20221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Michael N. Pettit, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wabash National Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 
 s Michael N. Pettit 
 Michael N. Pettit 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-20221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Wabash National Corporation (the Company ), each hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, on February 23, 2023 
 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed on February 23, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Brent L. Yeagy 
 Brent L. Yeagy 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 s Michael N. Pettit 
 Michael N. Pettit 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 February 23, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Wabash National Corporation and will be retained by Wabash National Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wnc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wnc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wnc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wnc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wnc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

