<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1642985_0001437749-23-007552.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13747020</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410523</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1633638</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4861585</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2828181</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3587607</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-007552.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322172438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-007552
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mobile Infrastructure Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001642985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				473945882
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55760
		FILM NUMBER:		23753793

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W. 4TH STREET
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-534-5577

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W. 4TH STREET
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Parking REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MVP REIT II, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150520

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-007552.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 minf20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

minf20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 Or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer 
 Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 N/A N/A N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

1

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange 
 Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: There is established market for the Registrant's shares of common stock. On August 29, 2022, the board of directors of the Registrant approved an estimated net asset value per share of the Registrant's common stock of 14.76. There were approximately 5,137,544 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 Class Number of Shares Outstanding As of March 17, 2023 
 Common Stock, 0.0001 Par Value 

2

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 8 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 25 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 25 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 27 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 27 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 27 

ITEM 6 
 [RESERVED] 
 28 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 28 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 35 

ITEM 8. 
 FIN AN CIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 36 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 61 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 61 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 62 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 62 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 62 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 64 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 69 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 70 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 77 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 77 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 80 

3

Table of Contents 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives, other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, should, expect, could, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, predict, potential or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. 
 
 The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon the Company s current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs, which involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the Company s control. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to: 

the fact that the Company has limited history, as the Company was formed in 2015; 

the Company s ability to complete and realize the expected benefits of a liquidity event, including the consummation of the proposed merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corporation III 

the Company's ability to achieve positive future financial and operating performance after the proposed merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corporation III 

the Company s ability to generate sufficient cash flows to pay distributions to the Company s stockholders; 

the impact on our business and those of our tenants from epidemics, pandemics or outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus (including COVID-19), including lockdowns and similar mandates; 

the fact that the Company has experienced net losses since inception and may continue to experience additional losses; 

changes in economic conditions generally and the real estate and debt markets specifically, including economic trends impacting parking facilities; 

risks inherent in the real estate business, including tenant defaults, potential liability relating to environmental matters and the lack of liquidity of real estate investments; 

competitive factors that may limit the Company s ability to make investments or attract and retain tenants; 

the ability of leases under our New Lease Structure (as defined below) to provide increases in same property rental revenue as compared to our prior leases; 

the Company s ability to attain its investment strategy or increase the value of its portfolio; 

the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect upon the Company s ability to conduct and manage the Company s business; 

the performance of properties the Company has acquired or may acquire or loans the Company has made or may make that are secured by real property; 

the Company s ability to successfully integrate pending acquisitions and transactions and implement an operating strategy; 

potential damage and costs arising from natural disasters, terrorism and other extraordinary events, including extraordinary events affecting parking facilities included in the Company s portfolio; 

the Company s ability to act on its pipeline of acquisitions; 

the availability of capital and debt financing generally, and any failure to obtain debt financing at favorable terms or a failure to satisfy the conditions, covenants and requirements of that debt; 

changes in interest rates; 

the Company s ability to negotiate amendments or extensions to existing debt agreements; 

the Company s loss of REIT status and ability to remediate its loss of REIT status under U.S. federal income tax law; 

potential adverse impacts from changes to the U.S. tax laws; and 

changes to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. 

Any of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements included herein could be inaccurate, and undue reliance should not be placed upon any forward-looking statements included herein. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and the risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed herein will increase with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements made after the date of this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward looking statements included in this Annual Report, the inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the objectives and plans set forth in this Annual Report will be achieved. 

4

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 Mobile Infrastructure Corporation (formerly known as The Parking REIT, Inc.) (the Company, we, us or our ), is a Maryland corporation formed on May 4, 2015. The Company focuses on acquiring, owning and leasing parking facilities and related infrastructure, including parking lots, parking garages and other parking structures throughout the United States. The Company targets both parking garage and surface lot properties primarily in top 50 U.S. Metropolitan Statistical Areas MSAs ), with proximity to key demand drivers, such as commerce, events and venues, government and institutions, hospitality and multifamily central business districts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 44 parking facilities (including one property classified as held for sale) in 22 separate markets throughout the United States, with a total of 15,750 parking spaces and approximately 5.4 million square feet. The Company also owns approximately 0.2 million square feet of commercial space adjacent to its parking facilities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 29 of the Company s leases, or 65.9 , are governed under a modified net lease structure typically consisting of a low base rent component plus percentage rent above a negotiated threshold, as further described below (the New Lease Structure ). The Company believes that the New Lease Structure will result in an increase in our property rental revenue compared to the prior leases. 
 
 The Company is the sole general partner of Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P., formerly known as MVP REIT II Operating Partnership, LP, a Maryland limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ). The Company owns substantially all of its assets and conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Partnership, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and owns approximately 45.8 of the common units of the Operating Partnership (the OP Units ). Color Up, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Color Up and HSCP Strategic III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership HS3 ), are limited partners of the Operating Partnership and own approximately 44.2 and 10 , respectively, of the outstanding OP Units. Color Up is our largest stockholder and is controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director, Manuel Chavez, the Company s President, Chief Financial Officer and a director, Stephanie Hogue, and a director of the Company, Jeffrey Osher. HS3 is controlled by Mr. Osher. 
 
 The Company previously elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and operated in a manner that allowed the Company to qualify as a REIT through December 31, 2019. As a consequence of lease modifications entered into during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company earned income from a number of tenants that did not constitute qualifying REIT income for purposes of the annual REIT gross income tests, and, as a result, the Company was not in compliance with the annual REIT income tests for its taxable year ended December 31, 2020. Accordingly, the Company did not qualify for taxation as a REIT in 2020 and continues to be taxed as a C corporation. As a C corporation, the Company is not required to distribute any amounts to its stockholders. 
 
 Merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 On December 13, 2022, the Company and Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III FWAC ), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by Fifth Wall Acquisition Sponsor III LLC ("Fifth Wall"), entered into a definitive merger agreement (the Merger Agreement ). Upon closing of the merger (the Merger ), FWAC will be the surviving entity and will be renamed Mobile Infrastructure Corporation . The combined company following the Merger New MIC expects to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker BEEP. Following the steps of the Merger as provided in the Merger Agreement: 

each then issued and outstanding Class A Share of FWAC will convert, on a one-for-one basis, into one share of New MIC common stock; 

each then issued and outstanding share of the Company s common stock will convert, on a 1.5-to-one basis, into one share of New MIC common stock; 

each share of the Company s Series 1 and Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding will be converted into the right to receive one share of Series 1 and Series A preferred stock of New MIC; and 

each of the Company s common stock warrants will become a warrant to purchase that number of shares of New MIC common stock equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of common stock that would have been issuable upon the exercise of such common stock warrant and (b) 1.5. 

Additionally, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, FWAC entered into subscription agreements with an initial PIPE investor (the Initial PIPE Investor ), pursuant to which the Initial PIPE Investor agreed to purchase from New MIC, prior to or substantially concurrently with the closing of the Merger, 10 million of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New MIC (the New MIC Common Stock at 10.00 per 1.2 shares. The Initial PIPE Investor is controlled by Jeffrey Osher, a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 The Merger Agreement also contemplates other PIPE investments through the entry into one or more additional subscription agreements with one or more investors to purchase Class A Shares of FWAC, New MIC Common Stock, New MIC preferred stock or convertible notes of New MIC. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger, the Operating Partnership will convert from a Maryland limited partnership to a Delaware limited liability company. As a limited liability company, the Operating Partnership will continue to be treated as a partnership and a disregarded entity for tax and accounting purposes. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred costs of approximately 2.1 million associated with the Merger. These costs are being accounted for as deferred offering costs in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs and are reflected within deferred offering costs on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 

5

Table of Contents 

Terminated Merger with Mobile Infrastructure Trust 
 
 On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the MIT Merger Agreement by and between the Company and Mobile Infrastructure Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust MIT ), which is 100 owned by Bombe Asset Management LLC Bombe ), an Ohio limited liability company owned by Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue. Pursuant to the terms of the MIT Merger Agreement, the Company would merge with and into MIT, with MIT continuing as the surviving entity resulting from the transaction. Prior to and as a condition to the merger with MIT, MIT expected to undertake an initial public offering (the MIT IPO of its common shares of beneficial interest. Also, in March 2022, the Company had entered into an agreement with MIT, requiring the Company to be allocated, bear and (where practicable) pay directly certain costs and expenses related to the merger with MIT and the MIT IPO. 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement with FWAC, the MIT Merger Agreement and the cost allocation agreement with MIT were terminated. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred costs of approximately 4.6 million pursuant to the cost allocation agreement with MIT. Such amounts are included in organizational, offering and other costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 2021 Recapitalization 
 
 On January 8, 2021, the Company entered into an equity purchase and contribution agreement (the Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, Vestin Realty Mortgage I, Inc., VRMI Vestin Realty Mortgage II, Inc. VRMII ), and Michael V. Shustek Mr. Shustek and together with VRMI and VRMII, the Former Advisor and Color Up (the Purchaser ). The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement are referred to herein collectively as the Transaction. 
 
 On August 25, 2021, we completed the Transaction and as a result, the Company acquired three multi-level parking garages consisting of approximately 765 and 1,625 parking spaces located in Cincinnati, Ohio and approximately 1,154 parking spaces located in Chicago, Illinois totaling approximately 1.2 million square feet. In addition to the parking garages contributed, proprietary technology was contributed to the Company, which will provide management of the Company with real-time information on the performance of its assets. Pursuant to the closing of the Transaction, the Operating Partnership issued 7,495,090 newly issued OP Units at 11.75 per unit for total consideration of 84.1 million, net of transaction costs. The consideration received consisted of 35.0 million of cash, three parking assets with an estimated fair value of approximately 98.8 million and technology with an estimated fair value of 4.0 million. The Company also assumed long-term debt with an estimated fair value of approximately 44.5 million. In addition, the Company issued warrants to Color Up to purchase up to 1,702,128 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.75 for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 20 million. The estimated fair value of the warrants recorded as of the closing date of the Transaction was approximately 3.3 million. Transaction expenses not directly related to the acquisition of the three contributed real estate assets or issuance of OP Units of approximately 12.2 million and the settlement of the deferred management internalization liability of 10.0 million were recorded in transaction expenses and settlement of deferred management internalization, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Management assessed the potential accounting treatment for the Transaction by applying ASC 805 and determined that the Transaction did not result in a change of control. As a result, the three contributed real estate assets and the technology platform acquired, described above, were accounted for by the Company as asset acquisitions in the financial statements, which required recognition of assets and liabilities at acquired cost and reflect the capitalization of any transaction costs directly attributable to the asset acquisition. 
 
 Objectives 
 
 Over the next twelve months, management of the Company will be focused predominantly on the following strategic objectives: 

Completing the Merger with FWAC and attracting a number of PIPE investors in order to provide the Company scale and capacity for growth; 

Working with third-party operators to optimize the performance of the Company s parking facilities and other assets to move towards cash flow positivity; 

Reducing corporate overhead to move the Company towards profitability; 

Pursuing options for refinancing near-term debt maturities; and 

Continuing to identify paths for remediation of REIT status. 

Management of the Company has continued to work closely with our tenants to evaluate capital requirements of the assets, with a view to understanding current and future demand drivers of those assets. The Company has been implementing its proprietary technology which provides real-time information on the performance of assets. Under the New Lease Structure, the Company has funded capital expenditures related to upgrades and optimization of our parking facilities, including but not limited to gate arm systems, lighting, and large capital improvements to structure and concrete. We expect to maintain an active dialogue with our tenants for the betterment of the Company s portfolio. 
 
 Investment Strategy Criteria 
 
 The Company s management team has a long experience in the parking industry, the Company often receives off-market calls for parking facilities that are not yet being marketed for sale, as well as have early notices on properties just getting ready to be marketed. As such, the Company has a pipeline of acquisitions that is both bespoke and actionable, that the Company believes are off-market and largely unavailable to our competitors. The Company intends to continue to consolidate the industry through acquisitions, partnering with both owners and tenants, to create a meaningful pipeline and scale. 

6

Table of Contents 

The Company s investment strategy has historically focused primarily on acquiring, owning and leasing parking facilities, including parking lots, parking garages and other parking structures throughout the United States. The Company has historically focused primarily on investing in income-producing parking lots and garages with air rights in MSAs. In expanding the Company s portfolio, the Company will seek geographically diverse investments that address multiple key demand drivers and demonstrate consistent consumer use that are expected to generate cash flows and provide greater predictability during periods of economic uncertainty. Such targeted investments include, but are not limited to, parking facilities near one or more of the following key demand drivers: 

Commerce 

Events and venues 

Government and institutions 

Hospitality 

Multifamily central business districts 

The Company generally targets parking facilities that are near multiple key demand drivers so as not to be solely reliant on a single source of income. Parking garages in downtown cores constitute a large portion of the Company s parking facilities as they serve multiple key demand drivers. 
 
 The Company works closely with our current tenants to understand the return to each individual market, both as the Company considers the key demand drivers of the Company s current assets, as well as new assets that the Company may consider acquiring as part of our investment strategy. The Company s deep relationships with key tenants help facilitate collaboration with respect to our portfolio. 
 
 The Company is focused on acquiring properties that are expected to generate cash flow, located in populated MSAs and expected to produce income within 12 months of the properties acquisition. The Company intends to acquire under-managed parking facilities and collaborate with its tenants to implement a tailored, value-add approach that includes fostering the implementation of identified value levers and mitigating risk exposure, while fostering local business relationships to derive market knowledge and connectivity. 
 
 In the event of a future acquisition of properties, the Company would expect the foregoing criteria to serve as guidelines; however, management and the Company s Board of Directors may vary from these guidelines to acquire properties which they believe represent value or growth opportunities. 
 
 The Company cannot assure you that the Company will attain investment objectives or that the value of the Company s assets will not decrease. The Company s Board of Directors utilizes the investment policies to ensure investment decisions are in the best interests of the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Concentration 
 
 The Company had fifteen and fourteen parking operators during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. One tenant/operator, SP + Corporation (Nasdaq: SP) SP+ ), represented 60.5 of the Company s revenue, excluding commercial revenue, for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Premier Parking Service, LLC represented 12.4 and 12.6 of the Company s revenue, excluding commercial revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the Company had concentrations in Cincinnati (19.2 and 20.8 ), Detroit (12.5 and 13.8 ), Chicago (8.7 and 9.5 ), and Houston (7.8 and 8.5 based on gross book value of real estate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 59.2 and 52.2 of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable balance, respectively, was with SP+. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Company has significant competition with respect to the acquisition of real property. Competitors include REITs, owners and operators of parking facilities, private investment funds, hedge funds and other investors, many of which have significantly greater resources. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investments may increase. If the Company pays higher prices for investments, the returns will be lower and the value of assets may not increase or may decrease significantly below the amount paid for such assets. 
 
 The Company s parking facilities face, and any parking facilities acquired or invested in, will face, intense competition, which may adversely affect parking and rental income. The relatively low cost of entry has led to a strongly competitive, fragmented market consisting of competitors ranging from single facility operators to large regional and national multi-facility operators, including several public companies. In addition, the Company s parking facilities compete with building owners that provide on-site paid parking. Certain competitors have more experience in owning and operating parking facilities. Moreover, some of the competitors will have greater capital resources, greater cash reserves and a greater ability to borrow funds. Competition for investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available, may increase acquisition costs and may reduce demand for parking facilities, all of which may adversely affect operating results. 

7

Table of Contents 

The Company will compete with numerous other persons or entities seeking to attract tenants to parking facilities the Company acquires. These persons or entities may have greater experience and financial strength. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to attract tenants on favorable terms, if at all. For example, the Company s competitors may be willing to offer space at rental rates below our rates, causing the Company to lose existing or potential tenants and pressuring the Company to reduce our rental rates to retain existing tenants or convince new tenants to lease space at our properties. Each of these factors could adversely affect results of operations, financial condition, value of the Company s investments and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 The Company s investments are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws, ordinances and regulations, including, among other things, zoning regulations, land use controls, environmental controls relating to air and water quality, noise pollution and indirect environmental impacts such as increased motor vehicle activity. The Company intends to obtain all permits and approvals necessary under current law to operate the Company s investments. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 The Company had 14 employees as of December 31, 2022. Employee levels are managed to align with the pace of business and management believes it has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. 
 
 The Company s key human capital management objectives are to attract, recruit, hire, develop and promote a deep and diverse bench of talent that translates into a strong and successful workforce. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company is subject to the reporting and information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act for Smaller Reporting Companies, and, as a result, files the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC from time to time. The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains the Company s annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information the Company files electronically with the SEC from time to time. Access to these filings is free of charge and can be accessed on the Company s website, www.mobileit.com. The information on, or accessible through, the Company s website is not incorporated into and does not constitute a part of this Annual Report or any other report or document the Company files with or furnishes to the SEC from time to time. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Set forth below is a summary of the risks, as described under item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, and its duration and ultimate lasting impact is unknown. 

Increased fuel prices may adversely affect our operating environment and costs. 

We have a limited operating history which makes our future performance difficult to predict. 

We have experienced net losses in the past, and we may experience additional net losses in the future. 

The Company will need to improve cash flow from operations to avoid a future liquidity shortfall. 

We depend on our management team. The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect upon our ability to conduct and manage our business. 

Shares of our Common Stock are illiquid. No public market currently exists for our shares, and our charter does not require us to liquidate our assets or list our shares on an exchange by any specified date, or at all. It will be difficult for stockholders to sell shares, and if stockholders are able to sell shares, it will likely be at a substantial discount. 

We do not currently pay cash dividends and do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 

Investors should not rely on the Company s estimated NAV per share as being an accurate measure of the current value of the shares of our Common Stock. 

A material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of our technology networks and related systems could harm our business. 

We may not be able to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our trademarks and trade names, or build name recognition in our markets of interest, thereby harming our competitive position. 

Adverse judgments, settlements or investigations resulting from legal proceedings in which we may be involved could reduce our profits, limit our ability to operate our business or distract our officers from attending to our business. 

The Company identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the Company may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, which may result in material misstatements of the Company s financial statements or cause the Company to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. These material weaknesses could adversely affect the Company s ability to report their results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

8

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Portfolio 

We may be unable to attain our investment strategy or increase the value of our portfolio. 

We may be unable to grow our business by acquisitions of additional parking facilities. 

Our revenues have been and will continue to be significantly influenced by demand for parking facilities generally, and a decrease in such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 

Changing consumer preferences and legislation affecting our industry or related industries may lead to a decline in parking demand, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not acquire the properties that we evaluate in our pipeline. 

Our parking facilities face intense competition, which may adversely affect rental and fee income. 

Our leases expose us to certain risks. 

Our investments in real estate will be subject to the risks typically associated with real estate. 

Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage relating to real property may adversely affect stockholder returns. 

Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. 

Real property is an illiquid investment, and we may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions or sell a property if or when we decide to do so. 

We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure stockholders that we will have funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. 

Declines in the market values of our portfolio may adversely affect periodic reported results of operations and credit availability, which may reduce earnings. 

Risks Related to Our Financing Strategy 

Our inability to comply with a financial covenant under our Revolving Credit Facility resulted in the inclusion by our independent auditor of an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern for the year ended December 31, 2022 which may accelerate a default under our Revolving Credit Facility, and consequently, unless resolved favorably, continue to raise substantial doubt about MIC s ability to continue as a going concern. 

If we cannot obtain sufficient capital on acceptable terms, our business and our ability to operate could be materially adversely impacted. 

We have debt, and we may incur additional debt. 

Increasing interest rates may adversely affect us. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Certain loans are and may be secured by mortgages on our properties and if we default under our loans, we may lose properties through foreclosure. 

We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such assets. 

Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 

Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher own, directly or indirectly, a substantial beneficial interest in the Company on a fully diluted basis and have the ability to exercise significant influence on the Company and the Operating Partnership, including the approval of significant corporate transactions. 

The Company s executive officers and certain of the Company s directors face or may face conflicts of interest related to their positions and interests in affiliates of the Company, which could hinder our ability to implement our business strategy and generate returns to investors. 

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 

Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. 

Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which makes it more difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management and may prevent a change in control of our company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. 

Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 

Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our charter limits the number of shares a person may own, which may discourage a takeover that could otherwise result in a premium price to our stockholders. 

Our charter permits our board of directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of our stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that could result in a premium price to our stockholders. 

Holders of the Company s outstanding Preferred Stock have dividend, liquidation and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of the Company s Common Stock. 

Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations, which increases the uncertainty and risks a stockholder may face. 

Stockholders' interest in us could be diluted if we issue additional shares or Operating Partnership units, which could reduce the overall value of their investment. 

9

Table of Contents 

Federal Income Tax Risks 

Our failure to qualify as a REIT could have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our Common Stock. 

The stock ownership limit imposed by the Code for REITs and our charter may restrict our business combination opportunities. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Increased fuel prices may adversely affect our operating environment and costs. 
 
 Fuel prices have a direct impact on the ability and frequency of consumers to engage in activities related to transportation. Increases in the price of fuel may result in higher transportation costs and adversely affect consumer use at our parking garages. Increases in fuel costs also can lead to other non-recoverable, direct expense increases to us through, for example, increased costs of energy. Increases in energy costs for our tenants are typically recovered from lessees, although our share of energy costs increases as a result of lower occupancies, and higher operating cost reimbursements impact the ability to increase underlying rents. Rising fuel prices also may increase the cost of construction and the cost of materials that are petroleum-based, thus affecting the development of our existing assets or our tenants ongoing development projects. 
 
 We have a limited operating history which makes our future performance difficult to predict. 
 
 We were formed on May 4, 2015 and, on December 15, 2017, merged with MVP REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation formed on April 3, 2012. We internalized our management function effective April 1, 2019 and the current management team has been in place since August 2021. Accordingly, we have a limited operating history, particularly as an internally managed company. Investors should not assume that the Company s future performance will be similar to the past performance of the Company. 
 
 We incurred net losses attributable to our common stockholders of 11.1 million and 14.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively , and we may experience additional net losses in the future. 
 
 We incurred net losses attributable to our common stockholders of 11.1 million and 14.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we may experience additional net losses in the future and not be profitable or realize growth in the value of our portfolio. Many of our losses can be attributed to start-up costs, depreciation and amortization, as well as acquisition expenses incurred in connection with purchasing properties or making other investments. For a further discussion of our operational history and the factors affecting our net losses, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this annual report. 
 
 The Company will need to improve cash flow from operations to avoid a future liquidity shortfall. 
 
 The Company must improve operational performance to avoid a liquidity shortfall. The Company s ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations will depend on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside its control, including the impact of COVID-19 and return to normal daily activities, which are inconsistent across markets. Some of the Company s loan agreements require that the Company maintain certain liquidity and net worth levels. Should operational performance not materially improve through 2023, the Company will need to evaluate additional alternatives to raise capital to avoid a liquidity shortfall with its lenders. 
 
 We depend on our management team. The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect upon our ability to conduct and manage our business. 
 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to make distributions is dependent upon the performance of our management team in the identification and acquisition of investments, the determination of any financing arrangements, the management of our assets and operation of our day-to-day activities. The loss of services of one or more members of our key personnel or our inability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business, diminish our investment opportunities and weaken our relationships with lenders, business partners, parking facility operators and managers and other industry personnel, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to stockholders in the future and the value of our Common Stock. Furthermore, the loss of one or more of our key personnel may constitute an event of default under certain of our limited non-recourse property-level indebtedness, which could result in such indebtedness being accelerated. 
 
 Shares of our Common Stock are illiquid. No public market currently exists for our shares, and our charter does not require us to liquidate our assets or list our shares on an exchange by any specified date, or at all. It will be difficult for stockholders to sell shares, and if stockholders are able to sell shares, it will likely be at a substantial discount. 
 
 There is no current public market for our shares, and our charter does not require us to liquidate our assets or list our shares on an exchange by any specified date, or at all. Our charter limits stockholders' ability to transfer or sell shares unless the prospective stockholder meets the applicable suitability and minimum purchase standards. Our charter also prohibits the ownership of more than 9.8 in value of the aggregate of our outstanding capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of our outstanding Common Stock unless exempted or waived prospectively or retroactively by our board of directors. These restrictions may inhibit large investors from desiring to purchase stockholders' shares. Moreover, our share repurchase program was suspended in May 2018, other than with respect to hardship repurchases in connection with a shareholders death, which were suspended by the board of directors on March 24, 2020. It will be difficult for stockholders to sell shares promptly or at all. If stockholders are able to sell shares, stockholders will likely have to sell them at a substantial discount to their purchase price. It is also likely that stockholders' shares would not be accepted as the primary collateral for a loan. 
 
 While the Company is pursuing options for a potential liquidity event, which may include a potential listing on a national securities exchange, there can be no assurance that our Common Stock will ever be listed on a national securities exchange or other market. However, our ability to achieve liquidity for our stockholders is subject to market conditions, legal requirements and loan covenants, and there can be no assurance that we will affect a liquidity event. If we do not successfully implement a liquidity event, our shares of Common Stock may continue to be illiquid and stockholders may, for an indefinite period of time, be unable to convert their investments to cash easily and could suffer losses on their investments. 

10

Table of Contents 

We do not currently pay cash dividends and do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 The Company's Board of Directors (the Board of Directors or board suspended our payment of cash distributions and stock dividends to holders of our Common Stock, effective as of March 22, 2018. In addition, on March 24, 2020, the Company s board of directors suspended the payment of distributions on our Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series 1 Preferred Stock ), however such distributions will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms of the Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock and Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock. Our board is focused on preserving capital in order to maintain sufficient liquidity to continue to operate the business and maintain compliance with debt covenants, including minimum liquidity covenants and to seek to provide liquidity to stockholders through potential strategic transactions. Our board will continue to evaluate our performance and expects to assess our distribution policy quarterly, although we do not currently expect to resume paying cash distributions in the near future. There can be no assurance that we will resume payment of distributions to common or preferred stockholders at any time in the future, or that any liquidity event will occur or when such event may occur. If and when distributions are able to resume, if the Operating Partnership similarly makes a distribution to its partners, the Company will receive approximately 45.8 of any such distributions from the Operating Partnership through its ownership of OP Units. 
 
 Investors should not rely on the Company s estimated NAV per share as being the primary measure of the current value of the shares of our Common Stock , and relying on estimated NAV insolation could create a misleading or incomplete view of the current value of the shares of our Common Stock . 
 
 The Board of Directors, including all of its independent directors, has historically approved and established at least annually an estimated NAV per share of our Common Stock, which is based on an estimated market value of the Company s assets less the estimated market value of the Company s liabilities and the Preferred Stock, divided by the number of fully-diluted shares of Common Stock outstanding (after giving effect to the redemption, on a one-for-one basis, of the OP Units). The objective of the board in determining the estimated NAV per share of Common Stock was to arrive at a value, based on recently available data, that it believed was reasonable based on methods that it deemed appropriate after consultation with the Company s management team. As with any valuation method, the methods used to determine the estimated NAV per share were based upon a number of assumptions, estimates, forecasts and judgments that over time may prove to be incorrect, incomplete, or may change materially. Further, estimated NAV per share, if viewed in isolation, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the current value of the shares of our Common Stock. You should carefully review the financial information disclosed in this annual report in evaluating an investment decision. 
 
 In the most recent estimation of NAV established on August 29, 2022, the Board of Directors relied upon information provided by its management team regarding the Company s real estate investments, other assets and liabilities and the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis after giving effect to the redemption, on a one-for-one basis, of the OP Units held by the limited partners of the Operating Partnership, which will not necessarily result in a reflection of fair value under GAAP. Different parties using different methods could derive an estimated NAV per share that is significantly different from the estimated NAV per share determined by the board. 
 
 The estimated NAV per share is not a representation, warranty, guarantee or other indication that, among other things: 

a stockholder would be able to realize the estimated NAV per share if such stockholder attempts to sell their shares of the Company s Common Stock; 

a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to the estimated NAV per share upon liquidation of the Company s assets and settlements of the Company s liabilities or if the Company were sold; 

a third party would offer the estimated NAV per share in an arms-length transaction to purchase all or substantially all of the shares of our Common Stock; or 

the methods used to determine the estimated NAV per share would be acceptable to, or in compliance with, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, FINRA, the SEC, any state securities regulatory entity or the Department of Labor, with respect to their respective requirements. 

Further, the estimated NAV per share was calculated as of a particular moment in time based on the shares of our Common Stock then outstanding and the amount and value of shares of our Common Stock will fluctuate over time as a result of, among other things, future acquisitions or dispositions of assets, developments related to individual assets, and changes in the real estate and capital markets. If the proposed merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corporation III is approved by stockholders and consummated, we do not expect to publish an estimated NAV. 
 
 A material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of our technology networks and related systems could harm our business. 
 
 Our information technology networks and related systems are essential to our ability to conduct our day to day operations. As a result, we face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyberattacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, persons who access our systems from inside or outside our organization and other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our information technology networks and related systems could: disrupt our operations; result in the unauthorized access to, and the destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, personally identifiable, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information, which others could use to compete against us or which could expose us to damage claims by third parties for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful outcomes; require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or damage our business relationships or reputation generally. Any or all of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Although we take various actions to maintain the security and integrity of our information technology networks and related systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, we cannot be sure that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that any attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches change and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases such techniques are designed to not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures. It is not possible for this risk to be entirely mitigated. 
 
 Moreover, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities in our information technology networks. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful. Certain measures that could increase the security of our systems take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and such measures may not be deployed in a timely manner or be effective against an attack. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

11

Table of Contents 

Our proprietary software systems contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software in a manner that could harm our business. 
 
 We use open source software in our proprietary software and anticipate using open source software in the future. Some open source software licenses require those who distribute open source software as part of their own software product to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software product or to make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost, and we may be subject to such terms. The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide our offerings. We could face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open source software or derivative works that we developed using such software, which could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make our software source code freely available, purchase a costly license or cease providing the implicated offerings unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement, which may be a costly and time-consuming process. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, or could be claimed to have occurred, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Any actual or claimed requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could harm our business and could help third parties, including our competitors, develop offerings that are similar to or better than ours. 
 
 Additionally, the use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. There is typically no support available for open source software, and we cannot ensure that the authors of such open source software will implement or push updates to address security risks or will not abandon further development and maintenance. Many of the risks associated with the use of open source software, such as the lack of warranties or assurances of title or performance, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and, if not addressed, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Inigma and pKatalyst, our proprietary software systems, are not currently protected by any patents, registered trademarks or licenses, which may prevent us from using, or enforcing our intellectual property rights to these systems and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Inigma is our proprietary software management tool that we developed to monitor parking facilities in real-time. pKatalyst is our proprietary technology platform that will allow us to provide a virtual fence or perimeter around up to 14,000 parking facilities and to monitor consumer movement into and out of our parking facilities, as well as those of our competitors. Neither Inigma nor pKatalyst, nor these systems underlying technology, is currently registered, as a patent or a trademark, with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and we do not intend to register them in the near future. To the extent that Inigma or pKatalyst violates the proprietary rights of others, we may therefore be subject to damage awards or judgments prohibiting our use of Inigma or pKatalyst. In addition, our intellectual property rights in Inigma or pKatalyst may not be enforceable against any prior users of similar intellectual property. Our inability to use Inigma or pKatalyst or enforce our intellectual property rights to Inigma or pKatalyst could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may in the future be subject to claims that we violated certain third party intellectual property rights, which, even where meritless, can be costly to defend and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maximize revenues and profitability at our parking facilities with a technology-driven approach to collaboration with our tenant operators, including the use of our proprietary software, without infringing on, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. However, we may not be aware that our software systems are infringing on, misappropriating or otherwise violating third party intellectual property rights and such third parties may bring claims alleging such infringement, misappropriation or violation. Also, various non-practicing entities and other intellectual property rights holders may in the future attempt to assert intellectual property claims against us or seek to monetize the intellectual property rights they own to extract value through licensing or other settlements, even if the claims are meritless. 
 
 Our use of third party software and other intellectual property rights may be subject to claims of infringement or misappropriation. The vendors who provide us with technology that we incorporate in our proprietary software also could become subject to various infringement or misappropriation claims, which may then affect our use of our proprietary software. We cannot guarantee that our internally developed or acquired technologies and content do not or will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. 
 
 From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot ensure that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or prospects. Any claims or litigation, even those without merit and regardless of the outcome, could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial costs or damages, obtain a license, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, pay significant ongoing royalty payments, settlements or licensing fees, prevent us from maximizing our revenues and profitability at our parking facilities and from using certain technologies, force us to implement expensive and time-consuming workarounds or redesigns, distract management from our business or impose other unfavorable terms. 

12

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our trademarks and trade names, or build name recognition in our markets of interest, thereby harming our competitive position. 
 
 We believe that the protection of our trademark rights is an important factor in protecting our brand and maintaining goodwill. We may be unable to obtain trademark protection for our technologies, logos, slogans and brands, and our existing trademark registrations and applications, and any trademarks that may be used in the future, may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our brand and our business from those of our competitors. Further, we may not timely or successfully register our trademarks. 
 
 If we do not adequately protect our rights in our trademarks from infringement and unauthorized use, any goodwill that we have developed in those trademarks could be lost or impaired, which could harm our brand and our business. We have filed applications for registration, among other trademarks, the term Mobile Infrastructure Corporation in the United States. Although we have applied for these trademark registrations, there are no certainties that these applications will result in a registration of these trademarks. 
 
 Competitors may adopt trademarks and/or tradenames similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to customer confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. Furthermore, our trademarks, upon registration, may be opposed, contested, circumvented or found to be unenforceable, weak or invalid, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or otherwise violating them or using similar marks in a manner that causes confusion or dilutes the value or strength of our brand. Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other governmental authorities and administrative bodies in the United States may be necessary in the future to enforce our trademark rights and to determine the validity and scope of the trademark rights of others. Our efforts to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our trademarks may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may be unable to continue to use the domains that we use in our business or prevent third parties from acquiring and using domains that infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand, trademarks, or service marks. 
 
 We have registered a domain that we use in, or is related to, our business, www.mobileit.com. If we lose the ability to use the domain name, whether due to trademark claims, failure to renew the applicable registration, or any other cause, we may be forced to market our offerings under a new domain name, which could cause us substantial harm or cause us to incur significant expense in order to purchase rights to the domain name in question. In addition, our competitors and other third parties could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domains similar to ours. We may be unable to prevent our competitors and other third parties from acquiring and using domains that infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks. Obtaining, maintaining, protecting, defending and enforcing our rights in our domain may require litigation, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Adverse judgments, settlements or investigations resulting from legal proceedings in which we may be involved could reduce our profits, limit our ability to operate our business or distract our officers from attending to our business. 
 
 The nature of our business exposes our properties, us, the Operating Partnership and our other subsidiaries to the risk of claims and litigation in the normal course of business. The outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these proceedings were to be determined adversely to us or a settlement involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur, it could materially and adversely affect our profits or ability to operate our business. Additionally, we could become the subject of future claims by third parties, including current or former tenants, our employees, our investors or regulators. Any significant adverse judgments or settlements would reduce our profits and could limit our ability to operate our business. Further, we may incur costs related to claims for which we have appropriate third party indemnity, but such third parties fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. 
 
 In addition, we may be required to indemnify and advance indemnification expenses to MIC s former chief executive officer for certain claims related to a civil lawsuit filed by the SEC against him and his advisory firm alleging violations of securities laws, in an amount not to exceed 2.0 million, depending on the final outcome of the findings of the court. The SEC seeks disgorgement, injunctions, and bars against him and his advisory firm and related penalties. 
 
 The Company identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the Company may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, which may result in material misstatements of the Company s financial statements or cause the Company to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. These material weaknesses could adversely affect the Company s ability to report their results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 
 
 The Company s management identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting in connection with its assessment as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Specifically, these control deficiencies constitute material weaknesses, either individually or in the aggregate, relating to: (1) the Company s lack of appropriate segregation of duties within its accounting and finance groups; (2) the lack of formal and effective controls over user access to certain information systems to ensure adequate restriction of users and privileged access to transaction processing applications; and (3) inappropriate application of accounting for certain transactions and disclosures. 

13

Table of Contents 

Although the Company has begun to implement measures to address the material weaknesses, the implementation of those measures may not fully address the material weaknesses and deficiencies in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, and the Company cannot conclude that these matters have been fully remedied. The following remedial actions have been identified and initiated by the Company: 

The Company has hired a Chief Accounting Officer and will hire (as needed) and train additional accounting resources with appropriate levels of experience and reallocating responsibilities across the Company s finance organization. This measure provides for segregation of duties and ensures that the appropriate level of knowledge and experience will be applied based on the risk and complexity of transactions and tasks under review. 

The Company will continue to educate control owners and enhance policies to ensure appropriate restrictions related to user access and privileged access are in place. 

The Company has re-evaluated the permissions of user roles within the Company s accounting system and has re-assigned access to individuals in order to establish more appropriate segregation of duties. 

We have enhanced internal control documentation for key controls to ensure the assignment of preparers and reviewers, and establishing policies for the formal sign-off of key controls. 

Beginning with the third quarter of 2022, the Company established a formal Disclosure Committee to enhance governance by management for the oversight of internal controls over financial reporting, including disclosure controls and procedures. 

The Company has provided access to accounting literature and research to enable the control owners in evaluating technical accounting pronouncements for certain transactions, in addition to utilizing third party resources when appropriate. 

Through its continued remediation efforts, the Company identified and recorded certain accounting adjustments during the third and fourth quarters of 2022 that were considered immaterial, individually and in the aggregate, to the Company s consolidated financial statements taken as a whole for the affected periods. The Company s continued remediation activities will include the designing of internal control policies and practices that directly respond to these accounting adjustments. 

There can be no assurance that the actions we already have completed coupled with the additional actions we have planned under our remediation plan will be sufficient to remediate the material weakness identified and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. The actions we are taking are subject to ongoing senior management review. 
 
 Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results of operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 
 We can give no assurance that any additional material weaknesses or resulting restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Portfolio 
 
 We may be unable to attain our investment strategy or increase the value of our portfolio. 
 
 Our investment strategy has historically focused primarily on acquiring, owning and leasing parking facilities to third party tenants, including parking lots, parking garages and other parking structures throughout the United States. We have historically focused primarily on investing in income-producing parking lots and garages with air rights in MSAs. In expanding our portfolio, we will seek geographically diverse investments that address multiple key demand drivers and demonstrate consistent consumer use, that are expected to generate positive cash flows and provide greater predictability during periods of economic uncertainty. We may be unable to expand our portfolio in accordance with this investment strategy or increase the value of our portfolio, and as a result, we may not be able to increase our rental revenues we anticipate earning through our investment strategy. 
 
 We may be unable to grow our business by acquisitions of additional parking facilities. 
 
 Our investment strategy involves the acquisition of additional parking facilities. Our ability to make profitable acquisitions is subject to risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with: 

competition from other investors, including publicly traded and private real estate investment trusts REITs ), numerous financial institutions, individuals and public and private companies; 

contingencies in our acquisition agreements; and 

the availability and terms of financing. 

We might encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired parking facilities. 
 
 For example: 

we do not believe that it is possible to understand fully a parking facility before it is owned and leased for a reasonable period of time, and, notwithstanding pre-acquisition due diligence, we could acquire a parking facility that contains undisclosed defects; 

the market in which an acquired parking facility is located may experience unexpected changes that adversely affect the parking facility s value; 

the occupancy and utilization of parking facilities that we acquire may decline during our ownership; 

the operating costs for our acquired parking facilities may be higher than anticipated, which may result in tenants that pay or reimburse us for those costs terminating their leases or our acquired parking facilities not yielding expected returns; 

we may not successfully leverage the Company s relationship with other investors to grow the Company s customer base; 

we may acquire parking facilities subject to unknown liabilities and without any recourse, or with limited recourse, such as liability for the cleanup of undisclosed environmental contamination or for claims by tenants, consumers or other persons related to actions taken by former owners of the parking facilities; and 

acquired parking facilities might require significant attention from management that would otherwise be devoted to our other business activities. 

14

Table of Contents 

For these reasons, among others, we might not realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, and our investment strategy with respect to the acquisition of additional parking facilities may not succeed or may cause us to experience losses. 
 
 In addition, because of our management team s extensive experience in the parking industry, we often receive off-market calls for asset acquisition opportunities before properties are marketed for sale, as well as early notices on properties preparing to be marketed. We may be unable to acquire new parking facilities if we experience a decline in the number of off-market calls for parking facilities that are not yet being marketed for sale or if notices of properties preparing to be marketed for sale become increasingly available to our competitors. 
 
 Our revenues have been and will continue to be significantly influenced by demand for parking facilities generally, and a decrease in such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 
 
 The focus for our portfolio has been and will continue to be on parking facilities. A decrease in the demand for parking facilities, or other developments adversely affecting such sector of the real estate market, would likely have a more pronounced effect on our financial performance than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 
 
 If adverse economic conditions reduce discretionary spending, business travel or other economic activity, such as sporting events and entertainment, that fuels demand for parking, our revenues could be reduced. In addition, our parking facilities tend to be concentrated in urban areas. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in reduced discretionary spending, reduced travel and other activity. Users of our parking facilities include workers who commute by car to their places of employment in these urban centers. The return on our investments has been and may continue to be materially adversely affected by restrictions in reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic and may further continue to be materially adversely affected to the extent that economic conditions result in the elimination of jobs or the migration of jobs from the urban centers where our parking facilities are situated to other locations. See Risks Related to Our Business - The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, and its duration and ultimate lasting impact is unknown. 
 
 Increased office vacancies in MSAs or movement toward home office alternatives could reduce consumer demand for parking, which could adversely impact our revenues and financial condition. Moreover, changing lifestyles and technological innovations also may decrease the need for parking spaces, thereby decreasing the demand for parking facilities. The need for parking spaces, for example, may decrease as the public increases its use of delivery service companies and ridesharing companies or elects to take public transit for their transportation needs. Future technological innovations, such as driverless vehicles, also may decrease the need for parking spaces. It is also possible that cities could enact new or additional measures such as higher tolls, increased taxes or vehicle occupancy requirements in certain circumstances, to encourage car-pooling and the use of mass transit, all of which could adversely impact the demand for parking. Weather conditions, such as hurricanes, snow, flooding or severe weather storms, and other natural disasters and acts of terrorism could also disrupt our parking operations and further reduce the demand for parking. 
 
 Changing consumer preferences and legislation affecting our industry or related industries may lead to a decline in parking demand, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Increased demand for ride sharing services, such as Uber and Lyft, and car sharing services, like Zipcar, along with the potential for driverless cars, may lead to a decline in parking demand in cities and urban areas. While we devote considerable effort and resources to analyzing and responding to consumer preference and changes in the markets in which we operate, consumer preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly. Changes in consumer behaviors, including the use of mobile phone applications and on-line parking reservation services that help drivers reserve parking with garage, lots and individual owner spaces, cannot be predicted with certainty and could change current customers' parking preferences, which may have an impact on the price customers are willing to pay for parking. Additionally, urban congestion and congestion pricing due to the aforementioned ride sharing services, or state and local laws that have been or may be passed encouraging carpooling and use of mass transit systems, may negatively impact parking demand and pricing that a customer would be willing to pay for parking. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to trends in the consumer marketplace and the industry, including, but not limited to, market displacement by livery service companies, car sharing companies and changing technologies, we could experience a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, several state and local laws have been passed in recent years that encourage the use of carpooling and mass transit. In the future, local, state and federal environmental regulatory authorities may pursue or continue to pursue, measures related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions which may have the effect of decreasing the number of cars being driven. Such laws or regulations could adversely impact the demand for our services and our business. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, and its duration and ultimate lasting impact is unknown. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictions intended to prevent its spread have had a significant adverse impact on economic and market conditions around the world, including in the United States. These conditions have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business. In particular, many of our parking facilities are located near government buildings and courthouses and event centers, which depend in large part on consumer traffic, and conditions that lead to a decline in consumer traffic have had a material and adverse impact on those businesses. Many state and local governments restricted public gatherings or required people to shelter in place, which also had, and in some cases, eliminated or severely reduced the demand for parking. Such events have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our tenants operations and/or cause the temporary closure of our tenants businesses, which could significantly disrupt or cause a closure of their operations and, in turn, significantly impact or eliminate the rental revenue we generate from our leases with them. In particular, our tenants pay us percentage rent, which is based on the amount by which gross revenues of each parking facility exceeds a base amount; therefore, declines in occupancy and the decreases in utilization resulting from the restrictions intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and the disruption or closure of our tenants operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic have reduced, and may in the future reduce, the annualized parking revenues we earn. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in reduced discretionary spending, reduced travel and other activity. Users of our parking facilities include workers who commute by car to their places of employment in these urban centers. The return on our investments has been and may continue to be materially adversely affected by restrictions in reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic and may further continue to be materially adversely affected to the extent that economic conditions result in the elimination of jobs or the migration of jobs, via hybrid-scheduled and remote work, from the urban centers where our parking facilities are situated to other locations. 
 
 Although occupancy and utilization at our parking facilities are beginning to recover from their low point experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, they remain below pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels and may continue indefinitely. We may experience future declines as a result of a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic from time-to-time or otherwise. 

15

Table of Contents 

The duration and ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is not known. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations may continue to be negatively impacted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and may remain at depressed levels compared to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels for an extended period, which would have a material adverse effect on the value and trading price of our Common Stock. 
 
 We may not acquire the properties that we evaluate in our pipeline. 
 
 We generally seek to maintain a robust pipeline of investment opportunities. Transactions may fail to close for a variety of reasons, including the discovery of previously unknown liabilities or other items uncovered during our diligence process. Similarly, we may not execute binding purchase agreements with respect to properties that are currently subject to non-binding letters of intent, or LOIs, and properties with respect to which we are negotiating may not lead to the execution of any LOI. For many other reasons, we may not ultimately acquire the properties in our pipeline. 
 
 Our parking facilities face intense competition, which may adversely affect rental and fee income. 
 
 We believe that competition in parking facility operations is intense. In addition, any parking facilities we acquire may compete with building owners that provide on-site paid parking. Certain of the competitors have more experience than we do in owning and operating parking facilities. Moreover, some of our competitors will have greater capital resources, greater cash reserves and a greater ability to borrow funds. Competition for investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us, may increase acquisition costs and may reduce demand for parking facilities, all of which may adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, an economic slowdown in a particular market could have a negative effect on our parking fee revenues. 
 
 If competitors build new facilities that compete with our facilities or offer space at rates below the rates we charge, our lessees may lose potential or existing customers and may be pressured to discount their rates to retain business, thereby causing them to reduce rents paid to us. As a result, our ability to make distributions to stockholders, if and when cash distributions return, may be impaired. In addition, increased competition for customers may require us to make capital improvements to facilities that we would not otherwise make, which could further reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders, if and when made by the Company. 
 
 Our leases expose us to certain risks. 
 
 We lease parking facilities to tenants that either offer parking facilities to the public or provide parking to their employees. One of our strategic objectives is to focus heavily on the performance of each parking facility, working with our tenants to create a business plan for each parking facility to improve cash flow and rental income. Those business plans were finalized in the first quarter of 2022 and are now underway for execution. The performance of our parking facilities continued to improve through 2022, although assets with significant work force and/or corporate exposure have not returned to office as quickly as anticipated in early 2022. While our tenant-operators continue to execute on the asset-level business plans, it is possible that the economic slowdown will materially impact the performance of our assets. Our inability or the inability of our tenants to execute on these business plans could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the loss or renewal on less favorable terms of a substantial number of leases, or a breach, default or other failure to perform by a tenant under a lease, or material reduction in the rental income associated with our leases (or an increase in anticipated expenses to the extent we are responsible for such expenses) could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our investments in real estate will be subject to the risks typically associated with real estate. 
 
 We invest directly in real estate. We will not know whether the values of properties that we own directly will remain at the levels existing on the dates of acquisition. If the values of properties we own decrease, our risk will increase because of the lower value of the real estate. In this manner, real estate values could impact the value of our real estate investments. Therefore, our investments will be subject to the risks typically associated with real estate. 
 
 The value of real estate may be adversely affected by a number of risks, including: 

epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus; 

natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods; 

acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist attacks; 

adverse changes in national and local economic and real estate conditions; 

an oversupply of (or a reduction in demand for) space in the areas where particular properties are located and the attractiveness of particular properties to prospective tenants; 

changes in governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance therewith and the potential for liability under applicable laws; 

costs associated with real property taxes and changes in tax rates; 

costs of remediation and liabilities associated with environmental conditions affecting properties; 

costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act, which may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders; 

our properties may be overly concentrated in certain geographic areas, and a worsening of economic or real estate conditions in the geographic area in which our investments may be concentrated could have an adverse effect on our business; and 

the potential for uninsured or underinsured property losses. 

16

Table of Contents 

Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage relating to real property may adversely affect stockholder returns. 
 
 Our real properties may incur casualty losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders sometimes require property owners to purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. These policies may not be available at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance real property we may hold. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. Changes in the cost or availability of insurance could expose us to uninsured casualty losses. In the event that any of our real property incurs a casualty loss which is not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced by any such uninsured loss. In addition, we cannot assure stockholders that funding will be available to us for repair or reconstruction of damaged real property in the future. 
 
 Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. 
 
 There are inherent climate-related risks wherever our business is conducted. Changes in market dynamics, investor expectations, local, national and international climate change policies, and the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the United States, all have the potential to disrupt our business and operations. Such events could result in a significant increase in our costs and expenses and harm our future revenue, cash flows and financial performance. Global climate change is resulting, and may continue to result, in certain natural disasters and adverse weather, such as droughts, wildfires, storms, sea-levels rising and flooding, occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, which could cause business disruptions and impact our employees abilities to commute to work or to work from home effectively. Government failure to address climate change could result in greater exposure to economic and other risks from climate change and impact our ability to achieve climate goals. 
 
 Our costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations related to environmental protection and human health and safety may be high. 
 
 All real property investments and the operations conducted in connection with such investments are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liabilities on customers, owners or operators for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. 
 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on such real property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent or pledge such real property as collateral for future borrowings. For example, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our real property investments could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants or to increase ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury occurs. 
 
 Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which real property may be used or businesses may be operated. Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur material expenditures. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Additionally, operations of our parking facilities and other tenant operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our real property, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, oil leaks and other vehicle discharge, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our real property. There are also various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations with which we may be required to comply, and which may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. In connection with the acquisition and ownership of real property, we may be exposed to such costs in connection with such regulations. The cost of defending against environmental claims, of any damages or fines we must pay, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or of remediating any contaminated real property could materially adversely affect our business, lower the value of our assets or results of operations and, consequently, lower the amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Real property is an illiquid investment, and we may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions or sell a property if or when we decide to do so. 
 
 Real property is an illiquid investment. We may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a real property. Also, we may acquire real properties that are subject to contractual lock-out provisions that could restrict our ability to dispose of the real property for a period of time, and a number of our assets are subject to loans that impose prepayment penalties or debt breakage costs that could significantly impair our ability to sell that asset or the net value realized from any such sale. 
 
 We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure stockholders that we will have funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements . 
 
 In acquiring a real property, we may agree to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that real property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that real property. Our real properties may also be subject to resale restrictions. All these provisions would restrict our ability to sell a property, which could reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 

17

Table of Contents 

Declines in the market values of our portfolio may adversely affect periodic reported results of operations and credit availability, which may reduce earnings. 
 
 A decline in the market value of our portfolio may adversely affect us particularly in instances where we have borrowed money based on the market value of assets in our portfolio. If the market value of those assets declines, the lender may require us to post additional collateral to support the loan. If we are unable to post the additional collateral, we may have to sell assets at a time when we might not otherwise choose to do so. A reduction in credit available may reduce our earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 
 Further, credit facility providers may require us to maintain a certain amount of cash reserves or to set aside unlevered assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position, which would allow us to satisfy our collateral obligations. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as we would choose, which could reduce our return on equity. In the event that we are unable to meet these contractual obligations, our financial condition could deteriorate rapidly. 
 
 Market values of the assets in our portfolio may decline for a number of reasons, such as changes in prevailing market rates, increases in tenant defaults, decreases in parking facility occupancy or utilization and decreases in market rents and other factors typically associated with owning real estate. 
 
 We require scale to improve cash flow and earnings for shareholders. 
 
 To best off-set the costs of being a public reporting company, we will be required to increase the scale in size and number of assets. The ability to scale will be determined by our ability to find high-quality assets to purchase and assess capital to acquire those assets, as well as integrate those assets successfully into our portfolio. Our assets are often acquired via off-market processes from private sellers and our ability to continue to scale will be influenced by our access to those sellers and assets. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financing Strategy 
 
 Our inability to comply with a financial covenant under our Revolving Credit Facility resulted in the inclusion by our independent auditor of an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern for the year ended December 31, 2022 which may accelerate a default under our Revolving Credit Facility, and consequently, unless resolved favorably, continue to raise substantial doubt about MIC s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 
 
 The Company has incurred net losses since its inception and anticipates net losses for the near future. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with all applicable covenants in agreements governing its debt, resulting in events of default. Additionally, based on the Company s expected financial performance for the twelve-month period subsequent to the filing of the December 31, 2022 Form 10-K, the Company expects that it will not be in compliance with a financial covenant under the Revolving Credit Facility, which would result in another event of default. Such event allows the lender to accelerate the maturity of the debt under the Revolving Credit Facility which carries a balance of 73.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Further, our independent auditor has included an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022, which constitutes an event of default under our Revolving Credit Facility at the time our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022 are filed. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires the Company to initiate an equity raise in order to achieve a fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR of 1.4 to 1.0 as of March, 31, 2023. The Company does not currently have sufficient cash on hand, liquidity or projected future cash flows to repay these outstanding amounts upon an event of default. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 In response to these conditions, management s plans include the following: 

1. 
 Capitalizing on recent business development initiatives that we anticipate will improve total revenues through increased utilization of our parking assets and in many cases at higher average ticket rates. 

2. 
 Management is budgeting reduced overhead costs in 2023 through the reduction or elimination of certain controllable expenses. 

3. 
 We are pursuing further amendments and/or extensions with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, including waivers of noncompliance with covenants. 

4. 
 We have initiated equity raise or liquidity events, including the proposed merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corporation III. 

However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in completing any of these options. As a result, management s plans cannot be considered probable and thus does not alleviate substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

18

Table of Contents 

If we cannot obtain sufficient capital on acceptable terms, our business and our ability to operate could be materially adversely impacted. 
 
 In addition to customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnities, our existing loan agreements require us and/or our subsidiaries to comply with covenants involving, among other matters, limitations on incurrence of indebtedness, debt cancellation, property cash flow allocation, liens on properties and requirements to maintain minimum unrestricted cash balances. As noted above, unless we are able to sell assets or raise other capital, we may be unable to meet the minimum unrestricted cash balances in our loan agreements, which could result in events of default. Our existing loan agreements contain covenants that may limit our ability to sell assets, including covenants that limit debt cancellation and assignment of debt in connection with the sale of an asset. In addition, certain of our assets are collateral under multiple loan agreements, which may limit our ability to sell such assets. We may enter into additional loan agreements that also may contain covenants, including those requiring us to comply with various financial covenants. 
 
 If we breach covenants under our loan agreements, we could be held in default under such loans, which could accelerate our repayment date and materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our failure to comply with covenants in any of our loan agreements will likely constitute an event of default and, if not cured or waived, may result in: 

acceleration of all of our debt under such loan agreement (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision, including certain of our loan agreements) that we may be unable to repay from internal funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all; 

our inability to borrow any unused amounts under such loan agreement, even if we are current in payments on borrowings under such loan agreement; and/or 

the loss of some or all of our assets to foreclosure or sale. 

Further, our loan agreements may contain cross default provisions, which could result in a default on our other outstanding debt. 
 
 Any such event of default, termination of commitments, acceleration of payments, or foreclosure of our assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and ability to continue to operate or make distributions to our stockholders in the future. A default also could limit significantly our financing alternatives, which could cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or dispose of assets. It is also possible that we could become involved in litigation related to matters concerning the loan, and such litigation could result in significant costs to us. 
 
 We have debt, and we may incur additional debt. 
 
 We are subject to numerous risks associated with our debt, including the risk that our cash flows could be insufficient to meet required payments on our debt. There are no limits in our organizational documents on the amount of debt we may incur, and we may incur substantial debt. Our debt obligations could have important consequences to our investors. Incurrence of debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic, market and industry conditions, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, and place us at a disadvantage in relation to competitors that have lower debt levels. Excessive debt could limit our ability to obtain financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, refinancing, lease obligations or other purposes, prevent our achieving investment grade ratings from nationally recognized credit rating agencies and reduce our ability to make distributions to our investors. 
 
 For example, the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2022, by and among the Operating Partnership, KeyBanc Capital Markets, as lead arranger, and KeyBank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated November 17, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ), contains customary representations, warranties, conditions to borrowing, covenants and events of default, including certain covenants that limit or restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of us, the Operating Partnership and our other subsidiaries to sell or transfer assets, enter into a merger or consolidate with another company, create liens, make investments or acquisitions or incur certain indebtedness. Among other things, the Credit Agreement requires us to: 

maintain a total leverage ratio not to exceed 65.0 ; 

maintain fixed charge coverage ratios not less than: 

o 
 1.00 to 1.00 through December 31, 2022; 

o 
 1.25 to 1.00 until March 31, 2023; and 

o 
 1.40 to 1.00 thereafter; and 

use diligent efforts to pursue a capital raise by March 31, 2023; and 

maintain a tangible net worth of not less than 206,908,200 plus 90.0 of the net proceeds received by us or the Operating Partnership and certain of our subsidiaries at any time from the issuance of stock (whether common, preferred or otherwise) by us, the Operating Partnership or certain of our other subsidiaries. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company was not in compliance with all lender requirements of our debt. 

19

Table of Contents 

Instability in the debt markets and other factors may make it more difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire and the amount of cash distributions we can make to our stockholders. 
 
 If mortgage debt is unavailable on reasonable terms as a result of increased interest rates or other factors, we may not be able to finance the initial purchase of properties. In addition, if we place mortgage debt on properties, we run the risk of being unable to refinance such debt when the loans come due, or of being unable to refinance on favorable terms. If interest rates are higher when we refinance debt, our income could be reduced. We may be unable to refinance debt at appropriate times, which may require us to sell properties on terms that are not advantageous to us or could result in the foreclosure of such properties. For example, some of our loans are packed into commercial mortgage-backed securities, which place restrictions on our ability to restructure such loans without the consent of holders of the commercial mortgage-backed securities. Obtaining such consents may be time-consuming or may not be possible at all and could delay or prevent us from restructuring one or more loans. If any of these events occur, our cash flow would be reduced. This, in turn, would reduce cash available for distribution to stockholders and may hinder our ability to raise more capital by issuing securities or by borrowing more money. 
 
 Increasing interest rates may adversely affect us. 
 
 Since the most recent U.S. economic recession, the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, or the U.S. Federal Reserve, has taken actions that have resulted in low interest rates for a long period of time. In March 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve increased interest rates for the first time since 2018 and raised rates six more times in 2022 and once more in February 2023. The U.S. Federal Reserve signaled that more rate hikes may come in 2023. Market interest rates are expected to continue to increase, and those increases may materially and negatively affect us in several ways, including: 

Stockholders may consider whether to buy or sell shares of our Common Stock based upon the distribution rate on shares of our Common Stock, if any, relative to the then prevailing market interest rates. If market interest rates go up, stockholders may expect a higher distribution rate than we are able to pay or may sell shares of our Common Stock and seek alternative investments that offer higher distribution rates. Sales of shares of our Common Stock may cause a decline in the market price of shares our Common Stock. 

Amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility require interest to be paid at variable interest rates. When interest rates increase, our interest costs will increase, which could adversely affect our cash flows, our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt, our cost of refinancing our fixed rate debts when they become due and our ability to make or sustain distributions to our investors. 

Property values are often determined, in part, based upon a capitalization of rental income formula. When market interest rates increase, property investors often demand higher capitalization rates and that causes property values to decline. Increases in interest rates could lower the value of our properties and cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. 
 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We currently have, and may incur in the future, debt that bears interest at variable rates. An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs to the extent we have not effectively hedged against such increase, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Subject to our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), we may manage and mitigate our exposure to interest rate risk attributable to variable-rate debt by using interest rate swap arrangements, interest rate cap agreements and other derivatives. The goal of any interest rate management strategy that we may adopt is to minimize or eliminate the effects of interest rate changes on the value of our assets, to improve risk-adjusted returns and, where possible, to lock in, on a long-term basis, a favorable spread between the yield on our assets and the cost of financing such assets. However, these derivatives themselves expose us to various risks, including the risk that: (i) counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements; (ii) the credit quality of the counterparties owing money under these arrangements may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transactions; (iii) the duration of the hedging transactions may not match the duration of the related liability; (iv) these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes; and (v) these arrangements may actually result in higher interest rates than we would otherwise have. Moreover, no hedging activity can completely insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aggregate U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of 58,602,794 (of which 8,585,685 was incurred in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018), which may be available to offset future taxable income for income tax purposes, and portions of which expire in various years. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), federal NOLs incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs is limited to 80 of taxable income. Federal NOLs incurred in tax years ending before January 1, 2018 may be carried forward for 20 years. The Company s NOLs are subject to these carry forward and deductibility limits. Further, a lack of future taxable income would adversely affect the Company s ability to utilize these NOLs before they expire. 
 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and certain other tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes. The proposed merger with FWAC as well as the transactions occurring prior to the proposed merger, including transactions contemplated by the Purchase and Contribution Agreement, may result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code that could affect the Company s ability to utilize the Company s NOLs to offset future taxable income. Furthermore, the Company s ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we have acquired or that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. For these reasons, the Company may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if the Company attains profitability, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to the Company and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

20

Table of Contents 

Certain loans are and may be secured by mortgages on our properties and if we default under our loans, we may lose properties through foreclosure. 
 
 We have obtained, and intend to continue to obtain, loans that are secured by mortgages on our properties, and we may obtain additional loans evidenced by promissory notes secured by mortgages on our properties. As a general policy, we will seek to obtain mortgages securing indebtedness which encumber only the particular property to which the indebtedness relates, but recourse on these loans may include all of our assets. If recourse on any loan incurred by us to acquire or refinance any particular property includes all of our assets, the equity in other properties could be reduced or eliminated through foreclosure on that loan. If a loan is secured by a mortgage on a single property, we could lose that property through foreclosure if we default on that loan. We may also give full or partial guarantees to lenders of mortgage debt to the entities that own our properties. When we give a guaranty on behalf of an entity that owns one of our properties, we will be responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the debt if it is not paid by such entity. Some of our loans contain cross collateralization or cross default provisions, and therefore, a default on a single property could affect multiple properties. In addition, for tax purposes, a foreclosure on any of our properties that is subject to a nonrecourse mortgage loan would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds. Further, if we default under a loan, it is possible that we could become involved in litigation related to matters concerning the loan, and such litigation could result in significant costs to us which could affect distributions to stockholders or lower our working capital reserves or our overall value. 
 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect or financial reporting standards or interpretations change, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We have historically based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances as discussed in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation . The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in our consolidated financial statements will include, and may include in the future, those related to revenue recognition; valuation of intangibles in purchase accounting; allowance for doubtful accounts; costs to obtain or fulfill a contract; valuation of common stock; carrying value and useful lives of long-lived assets; loss contingencies; and the provision for income taxes and related deferred taxes. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of industry or financial analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 Additionally, we will regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial reporting standards and review new pronouncements and drafts thereof that are relevant to us. As a result of new standards, changes to existing standards and changes in their interpretation, we might be required to change our accounting policies, alter our operational policies and implement new or enhance existing systems so that they reflect new or amended financial reporting standards, or we may be required to restate our published financial statements. Such changes to existing standards or changes in their interpretation may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position and profit, or cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and operating profit targets, which may negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such assets. 
 
 In the future, we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for OP Units, which may result in stockholder dilution. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to protect the contributors ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable to us absent such restrictions. 
 
 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 
 Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher own, directly or indirectly, a substantial beneficial interest in the Company on a fully diluted basis and have the ability to exercise significant influence on the Company and the Operating Partnership, including the approval of significant corporate transactions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, (i) Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher beneficially own, as the controlling persons of Color Up, 2,624,831 shares of the Company s Common Stock, or 33.8 of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock as of such date, a warrant to purchase 1,702,128 shares of the Company Common Stock and 7,495,090 OP Units, or approximately 44.2 of the outstanding OP Units as of such date, (ii) Mr. Osher beneficially owns through HS3 an additional 1,702,128 OP Units, or approximately 10.0 of the outstanding OP Units as of such date, 425,532 Class A Units, and, individually, 2,092 LTIP Units and (iii) Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue beneficially own, in the aggregate, 1,500,000 OP Performance Units and 272,341 OP LTIP Units. OP Units are redeemable for shares of the Company s Common Stock, on a one-for-one basis, or cash at the Company s option, pursuant and subject to the terms and provisions of the Partnership Agreement. In accordance with the 2021 Employment Agreements, Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue received 13,550 LTIP Units and 10,163 LTIP Units, respectively, as annual bonus for fiscal year 2022. Additionally, in accordance with the 2021 Employment Agreements, Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue were awarded 67,751 LTIP Units and 40,650 LTIP Units, respectively, as annual equity awards for fiscal year 2022. Each LTIP Units awarded for the annual bonus and annual equity awards was granted on February 28, 2023. On February 28, 2023, Mr. Osher was awarded 5,420 LTIP Units as payment for annual director fees for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Pursuant to their current ownership and potential future ownership of the Company s Common Stock, Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher have the ability to influence the outcome of matters presented to the Company s stockholders, including the election of the Company s Board and approval of significant corporate transactions, including business combinations, consolidations and mergers. Therefore, Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher have substantial influence over the Company and could exercise influence in a manner that is not in the best interests of the Company s other stockholders. This concentration of voting power might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control that our stockholders may view as beneficial. 

21

Table of Contents 

The Company s executive officers and certain of the Company s directors face or may face conflicts of interest related to their positions and interests in affiliates of the Company, which could hinder our ability to implement our business strategy and generate returns to investors. 
 
 The Company s executive officers and certain of the Company s directors are also executive officers, directors, managers and key professionals of other affiliated entities. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and one of its directors, Manuel Chavez, its President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and one of its directors, Stephanie Hogue, and Jeffrey B. Osher, one of the Company s directors, together beneficially own a significant percentage of the Company s Common Stock and entities affiliated with them are limited partners of the Operating Partnership. Each of Mr. Kellar, Ms. Holley and Mr. Jones are current directors of the Company. Each of Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue, Mr. Osher, Mr. Kellar, Ms. Holley and Mr. Jones, individually, are also limited partners of the Operating Partnership. Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue will also continue in their ownership and management roles with Bombe Asset Management, LLC Bombe ). 
 
 As a result, the Company s executive officers and certain of the Company s directors owe duties to each of these entities, their members, limited partners and investors, which duties may from time to time conflict with the duties that they owe to the Company. Their loyalties to these other entities and investors could result in action or inaction that is detrimental to the Company s business, which could harm the implementation of the Company s business strategy and the Company s investment and leasing opportunities. 
 
 Conflicts with the Company s business and interests are most likely to arise from involvement in activities related to (a) allocation of new investments and time and services between the Company and the other entities, (b) the timing and terms of the investment in or sale of an asset, (c) development of the Company s properties by such affiliates, and (d) investments with such affiliates. The loyalties of these individuals to other entities and investors could result in action or inaction that is detrimental to the Company s business, which could harm the implementation of the Company s business strategy and our investment and leasing opportunities. If the Company does not successfully implement its business strategy, the Company may be unable to generate cash available for distribution needed to make distributions to our investors and to maintain or increase the value of its assets. 
 
 The foregoing responsibilities and relationships could create competition for the time and efforts of Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher and may give rise to conflicts of interest, or the appearance of such conflicts of interest. 
 
 Further, the Company s directors and officers and any of their respective affiliates are not prohibited from engaging, directly or indirectly, in any business or from possessing interests in any other business venture or ventures, including businesses and ventures involved in the acquisition or sale of real estate investments or that otherwise compete with the Company following the proposed merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corporation III FWAC ). Additionally, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, FWAC entered into a Subscription Agreements with entities affiliated with Mr. Osher (the Initial PIPE Investor ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Initial PIPE Investor agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and FWAC agreed to issue and sell to the Initial PIPE Investor an aggregate of 1,200,000 shares of the Company s common stock (post-merger) for a purchase price of 10.00 per 1.2 shares, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. The Subscription Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of FWAC, on the one hand, and the Initial PIPE Investor, on the other hand, and customary conditions to closing, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Subscription Agreement provides the Initial PIPE Investor with certain customary registration rights. 
 
 All of the Company s transactions or relationships which involve a conflict of interest will be approved by the Company s directors who are disinterested in the particular transaction and, if there are no disinterested directors, by both the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s Board and the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s independent directors. Similarly, the appointment of, and the equity compensation paid by the Company to its executive officers and directors will be subject to determination by the Company s independent directors or the compensation committee of the Company s Board. Nonetheless, despite such reviews and approvals, the Company s agreements with certain of its executive officers will provide wide discretion for these parties to pursue their business activities separate from the Company, and these parties may pursue activities that conflict with our interests. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL may have the effect of deterring a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of inhibiting a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our Common Stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our Common Stock. Under the MGCL, certain business combinations (including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in certain circumstances, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder (as defined in the statute) or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any such business combination must be recommended by the board of directors of such corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (1) 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and (2) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of shares of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, unless, among other conditions, the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by a board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors has by resolution exempted any business combination between us and any other person. 
 
 The MGCL provides that holders of control shares of our company (defined as shares of voting stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of capital stock owned or controlled by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved at a special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. Our bylaws currently contain a provision exempting any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock from this statute. 
 
 The unsolicited takeover provisions of the MGCL permit our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement takeover defenses if we have a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors. These provisions may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from acquiring us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company under the circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our Common Stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price. Our charter contains a provision whereby we have elected to be subject to the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors. See Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of our Charter and Bylaws Business Combinations and Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of our Charter and Bylaws Control Share Acquisitions. 

22

Table of Contents 

Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which makes it more difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management and may prevent a change in control of our company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of our Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock, a director may be removed from office at any time, but only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of all the votes of stockholders entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any individual elected to fill such a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. These requirements make it more difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control of our company that is otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 
 As permitted by Maryland law, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Therefore, our directors and officers will be subject to monetary liability resulting only from: 

actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 

active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. 

As a result, we and our stockholders have rights against our directors and officers that are more limited than might otherwise exist. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our company, stockholders and our ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. In addition, our charter and our bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those and certain other capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our charter and bylaws, including the exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws. This choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for such disputes and may discourage lawsuits against us and any of our directors, officers or other employees. We believe that requiring these claims to be filed in a single court in Maryland is advisable because (i) litigating these claims in a single court avoids unnecessarily redundant, inconvenient, costly and time-consuming litigation in multiple forums and (ii) Maryland courts are authoritative on matters of Maryland law and Maryland judges have more experience in dealing with issues of Maryland corporate law than judges in any other state. 
 
 Our charter limits the number of shares a person may own, which may discourage a takeover that could otherwise result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 
 Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to preserve qualification as a REIT, even though the Company no longer qualifies as a REIT. To help us comply with the REIT ownership requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), among other purposes, our charter generally prohibits a person from beneficially or constructively owning more than 9.8 in value of the aggregate of our outstanding shares of capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of our outstanding Common Stock, unless exempted, prospectively or retroactively, by our Board of Directors. The ownership limit may have the effect of precluding a change in control of us by a third party, even if such change in control would be in the interest of the stockholders (and even if such change in control would not reasonably jeopardize REIT status, if it were applicable). This restriction may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of our Common Stock. In addition, these provisions may also decrease a stockholder s ability to sell their shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 Our charter permits our board of directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of our stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that could result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 
 Our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of Common Stock or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of repurchase of any such classes or series of stock. Thus, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of a class or series of preferred stock with priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of our stockholders. Such preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price to our stockholders. However, the issuance of preferred stock must be approved by a majority of our independent directors not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will have access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. 
 
 Holders of the Company s outstanding Preferred Stock have dividend, liquidation and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 The Company s board has the authority to designate and issue shares of preferred stock with liquidation, dividend and other rights that are senior to those of the Company s Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, 2,862 shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock and 39,811 shares of the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. Holders of the outstanding the Company Series A Preferred Stock and the Company Series 1 Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on the Company s Common Stock. Upon the Company s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, before any payment is made to holders of the Company s Common Stock, holders of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock and the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a liquidation preference of 1,000.00 per share plus any accrued and unpaid distributions. This will reduce the remaining amount of the Company s assets, if any, available to distribute to holders of the Company s Common Stock. 

23

Table of Contents 

We are not and do not plan to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and therefore we will not be subject to the requirements imposed and stockholder protections provided by the Investment Company Act; maintaining an exemption from registration may limit or otherwise affect our investment choices. 
 
 None of us, our Operating Partnership, or any of our subsidiaries is registered or intends to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Our Operating Partnership s and subsidiaries investments in real estate will represent the substantial majority of our total asset mix. In order for us not to be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we engage, through our Operating Partnership and our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries, primarily in the business of buying real estate. 
 
 If we were obligated to register as an investment company, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act that impose, among other things, limitations on capital structure, restrictions on specified investments, prohibitions on transactions with affiliates, and compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. 
 
 Although we intend to monitor our portfolio periodically and prior to each acquisition and disposition, there can be no assurance that we, our Operating Partnership or our subsidiaries will be able to maintain our exemptions from registration for us and each of our subsidiaries. If the SEC or its staff does not agree with our determinations, we may be required to adjust our activities or those of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Further, if we, our Operating Partnership or our subsidiaries are required to register as investment companies under the Investment Company Act, our investment options may be limited by various limitations, such as those mentioned above, and we or our subsidiaries would be subjected to a complex regulatory scheme, the costs of compliance with which can be high. 
 
 Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations, which increases the uncertainty and risks a stockholder may face. 
 
 Our Board of Directors determines our major policies, including our policies regarding investment strategies and approach, growth, REIT qualification and distributions. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. Under the MGCL and our charter, our stockholders have a right to vote only on limited matters. Our board of directors broad discretion in setting policies and our stockholders inability to exert control over those policies increase the uncertainty and risks a stockholder may face. 
 
 Stockholders' interest in us could be diluted if we issue additional shares or Operating Partnership units, which could reduce the overall value of their investment. 
 
 Stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future and generally have no appraisal rights. Our charter currently has authorized 100,000,000 shares of capital stock. Of the total number of shares of capital stock authorized, 98,999,000 shares are classified as Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share; and 1,000,000 shares are classified as preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, within which (i) 97,000 shares are classified and designated as Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, and (ii) 50,000 shares are classified and designated as Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, and 1,000 shares are classified as convertible stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Subject to any limitations set forth under Maryland law, a majority of our board of directors may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of stock of any class or series, or classify or reclassify any unissued shares into other classes or series of stock without the necessity of obtaining stockholder approval. All of such shares may be issued in the discretion of our board of directors. A stockholder's interest in us may be diluted in the event that we (1) sell additional shares in the future, (2) sell securities that are convertible into shares of our Common Stock, (3) issue shares of our Common Stock in a private offering of securities to institutional investors, or (4) issue shares of our Common Stock to sellers of properties acquired by us in connection with an exchange for partnership interests in the Operating Partnership, which are convertible into shares of our Common Stock. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we issued to the Purchaser the Common Stock Warrants to purchase up to 1,702,128 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 11.75 per share for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 20,000,000. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued the Purchaser 7,495,090 OP Units. On November 2, 2021, the Company issued and sold to HS3 (a) 1,702,128 newly issued OP Units; and (b) 425,532 newly-issued Class A units of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership Class A Units which entitle HS3 to purchase up to 425,532 additional OP Units (the Additional OP Units at an exercise price equal to 11.75 per Additional OP Unit, subject to adjustment as provided in the Class A Unit Agreement, and HS3 paid to the Operating Partnership cash consideration of 20.0 million. Because of these and other reasons described in this Risk Factors section, stockholders should not expect to be able to own a significant percentage of our shares. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of any additional offerings and the value of our investments, stockholders also may experience dilution in the book value and fair mark value of, and the amount of distributions paid on, their shares. 
 
 Our charter also authorizes our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to designate and issue any classes or series of preferred stock (including equity or debt securities convertible into preferred stock) and to set or change the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions and qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of each class or series of shares so issued. Because our board of directors has the power to establish the preferences and rights of each class or series of preferred stock, it may afford the holders of any series or class of preferred stock preferences, powers, and rights senior to the rights of holders of Common Stock or preferred stock. 
 
 Under this power, our board of directors has created the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series 1 Preferred Stock, each of which ranks senior to our Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Specifically, payment of any distribution preferences on the Series A Preferred Stock, Series 1 Preferred Stock, or any future series of preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on our Common Stock. Further, holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive a preference payment if we liquidate, dissolve, or wind up before any payment is made to the Common Stockholders, likely reducing the amount Common Stockholders would otherwise receive upon such an occurrence. Holders of our preferred stock will have the right to require us to convert their shares into shares of our Common Stock. The conversion of our preferred stock into Common Stock may further dilute the ownership interest of our Common Stockholders. Following a Listing Event (as defined in the Articles Supplementary), we also have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock and pay the redemption payments in the form of shares of our Common Stock, which may further dilute the ownership interest of our Common Stockholders. Although the dollar amounts of such payments are unknown, the number of shares to be issued in connection with such payments may fluctuate based on the price of our Common Stock. If we elect to redeem any of our preferred stock with cash, the exercise of such rights may reduce the availability of our funds for investment purposes or to pay for distributions on our Common Stock. A Listing Event is defined in the Articles Supplementary for the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock as a liquidity event involving the listing of our shares of Common Stock on national securities exchange or a merger or other transaction in which our stockholders will receive shares listed on a national securities exchange as consideration in exchange for their shares in us. 
 
 Any sales or perceived sales in the public market of shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or redemption of our preferred stock could adversely affect prevailing market prices of shares of our Common Stock. The issuance of Common Stock upon any conversion or redemption of our preferred stock also may have the effect of reducing our net income per share (or increasing our net loss per share). In addition, if a Listing Event occurs, the existence of our preferred stock may encourage short selling by market participants because the existence of redemption payments could depress the value or market price of shares of our Common Stock. 

24

Table of Contents 

Federal Income Tax Risks 
 
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT could have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our Common Stock. 
 
 The Company elected to be taxed and believes it operated in a manner that allowed the Company to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2019. As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company earned income from a number of distressed tenants that did not constitute qualifying REIT income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests, and, as a result, the Company was not in compliance with the annual REIT income tests for the year ended December 31, 2020. Accordingly, the Company did not qualify as a REIT in 2020 and has been taxed as a C corporation beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2020. Being subject to tax as a C corporation rather than as a REIT could substantially reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders for each of the years involved because: 

we are not allowed a deduction for distributions to our stockholders in computing our taxable income and are subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax; and 

we also could be subject to increased state and local taxes. 

Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce our cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to our stockholders. In addition, being taxed as a C corporation could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could materially and adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. While the Company is in the process of remediating its REIT status, there can be no assurances that such remediation will take place and the Company may continue to be taxed as a C corporation for the foreseeable future. 
 
 The stock ownership limit imposed by the Code for REITs and our charter may restrict our business combination opportunities. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of any taxable year after our first year in which we qualified as a REIT. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our board of directors to take the actions that are necessary or appropriate to preserve our qualification as a REIT, if applicable. Unless an exemption is granted prospectively or retroactively by our board of directors, no person (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) may own more than 9.8 in value of the aggregate of our outstanding shares of capital stock or more than 9.8 , in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. Generally, this limit can be waived and adjusted by the board of directors. In 2021, the Board of Directors granted waivers of the ownership restrictions for the Transaction, the Tender Offer, and the subsequent investment by HS3. In addition, our charter will generally prohibit beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our capital stock by any person that owns, actually or constructively, an interest in any of our tenants that would cause us to own, actually or constructively, 10 or more of any of our tenants. Our board of directors may grant an exemption from the 9.8 ownership limit prospectively or retroactively in its sole discretion, subject to such conditions, representations and undertakings as required by our charter or as it may determine. These and other ownership limitations in our charter are common in REIT charters and are intended, among other purposes, to assist us in complying with the tax law requirements and to minimize administrative burdens. However, these ownership limits and the other restrictions on ownership and transfer in our charter might also delay or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium price for our Common Stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Non-U.S. investors may be subject to FIRPTA on the sale of Common Stock. 
 
 A non-U.S. person disposing of a United States real property interest (as defined in the Code), including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of United States real property interests, is generally subject to a tax under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, or FIRPTA, on the gain recognized on the disposition. Gain realized by a foreign investor on a sale of our Common Stock would be subject to FIRPTA unless our Common Stock was traded on an established securities market and the non-U.S. investor did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own more than 5 of the value of our outstanding Common Stock. We are not currently traded on an established securities market, nor can we provide any assurance as to whether or when we will be traded on an established securities market. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company s headquarters are located at 30 W. 4th Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 44 parking facilities (including one classified as held for sale) in 22 separate markets throughout the United States with a total of 15,750 parking spaces and approximately 5.4 million square feet, including 25 parking lots and 19 parking garages. The Company also owns approximately 0.2 million square feet of commercial space adjacent to its parking facilities. As of December 31, 2022, our properties were 100 leased to 15 tenants. 

25

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the property name, location and other information with respect to the parking facilities the Company owned as of December 31, 2022: 

Property Name 
 Location 
 Property Type 
 
 Number of Spaces 

Property Size (Square Feet) 

Bricktown Garage 
 Oklahoma City, OK 
 Garage 

555 

206,598 

Bridgeport Fairfield Garage 
 Bridgeport, CT 
 Garage 

878 

232,964 

322 Streeter Garage 
 Chicago, IL 
 Garage 

1,154 

473,522 

Mabley Place Garage 
 Cincinnati, OH 
 Garage 

772 

353,700 

Cincinnati Race Street 
 Cincinnati, OH 
 Garage 

317 

166,992 

1W7 Garage 
 Cincinnati, OH 
 Garage 

765 

314,749 

222W7 Garage 
 Cincinnati, OH 
 Garage 

1,625 

531,000 

Clarksburg 
 Clarksburg, WV 
 Surface Lot 

95 

35,784 

Cleveland West 9th 
 Cleveland, OH 
 Surface Lot 

260 

94,252 

Crown Colony 
 Cleveland, OH 
 Surface Lot 

82 

23,460 

Cleveland Lincoln 
 Cleveland, OH 
 Garage 

471 

294,361 

Denver Sherman 1935 
 Denver, CO 
 Surface Lot 

72 

18,750 

Denver Champa St. Garage 
 Denver, CO 
 Garage 

450 

177,650 

Denver Sherman 1963 
 Denver, CO 
 Surface Lot 

28 

6,250 

Detroit Renaissance Garage 
 Detroit, MI 
 Garage 

1,273 

382,470 

Fort Worth Taylor 
 Fort Worth, TX 
 Garage 

1,013 

372,171 

Hawaii Marks 
 Honolulu, HI 
 Garage 

308 

150,810 

Houston Saks Garage 
 Houston, TX 
 Garage 

265 

90,750 

Houston Preston Lot 
 Houston, TX 
 Surface Lot 

46 

10,000 

Houston San Jacinto 
 Houston, TX 
 Surface Lot 

85 

28,326 

Houston Preferred (1) 
 Houston, TX 
 Garage/Lot 

528 

130,784 / 9,331 

Indianapolis City Park Garage 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 Garage 

354 

20,473 

Indianapolis Washington St 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 Surface Lot 

150 

46,174 

Indianapolis Meridian 
 Indianapolis, IN 
 Surface Lot 

36 

10,454 

Louisville West Broadway 
 Louisville, KY 
 Surface Lot 

165 

54,450 

Raider Park Garage 
 Lubbock, TX 
 Garage 

1,508 

563,584 

Memphis Poplar 
 Memphis, TN 
 Surface Lot 

125 

37,563 

2nd Street Miami Garage 
 Miami, FL 
 Garage 

118 

36,129 

Milwaukee Old World 
 Milwaukee, WI 
 Surface Lot 

54 

11,250 

Milwaukee Wells 
 Milwaukee, WI 
 Surface Lot 

148 

43,580 

Milwaukee Clybourn 
 Milwaukee, WI 
 Surface Lot 

15 

2,400 

Milwaukee Arena 
 Milwaukee, WI 
 Surface Lot 

75 

48,344 

Minneapolis Venture 
 Minneapolis, MN 
 Surface Lot 

185 

71,737 

Minneapolis City Parking 
 Minneapolis, MN 
 Surface Lot 

270 

86,283 

Nashville White Front 
 Nashville, TN 
 Garage 

155 

44,944 

New Orleans Rampart 
 New Orleans, LA 
 Surface Lot 

77 

27,105 

St. Louis Spruce 
 St. Louis, MO 
 Surface Lot 

180 

53,153 

St. Louis Washington 
 St. Louis, MO 
 Surface Lot 

63 

16,919 

St. Louis Broadway 
 St. Louis, MO 
 Surface Lot 

146 

41,948 

St. Louis 7th Cerre 
 St. Louis, MO 
 Surface Lot 

149 

46,056 

St. Louis Cardinal Lot 
 St. Louis, MO 
 Surface Lot 

376 

114,424 

St. Paul Holiday Garage 
 St. Paul, MN 
 Garage 

285 

101,568 

Wildwood (2) 
 Wildwood, NJ 
 Surface Lot 

74 

24,750 

(1) 
 Houston Preferred includes 2 properties. 

(2) 
 Wildwood lot classified as held for sale at December 31, 2022 

26

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The nature of the Company s business exposes its properties, the Company, its Operating Partnership and its other subsidiaries to the risk of claims and litigation in the normal course of business. Other than as noted above or routine litigation arising out of the ordinary course of business, the Company is not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to its knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against the Company. 
 
 See Note O Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Stockholder Information 
 
 As of March 17, 2023, there were 3,275 holders of record of the Company s common shares and 48 and 624 holders of record of the Company s Series A Preferred Shares and Series 1 Preferred Shares, respectively. The number of stockholders is based on the records of the Company s transfer agent. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 The Company s shares of Common Stock are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or any over-the-counter market and might not to be listed in the future. The charter does not require the Board of Directors to pursue a liquidity event, however, the Company engaged financial and legal advisors and began to explore a broad range of potential strategic alternatives, including potential sales of assets, a potential sale of the Company or a portion thereof, a potential strategic business combination or a potential liquidation. On August 25, 2021, the Company consummated the Transaction. On December 13, 2022, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with FWAC. There can be no assurance that the Company will cause a liquidity event to occur in the near future or at all. 
 
 In order for members of FINRA and their associated persons to have participated in the offering and sale of the Company s Common Stock or to participate in any future offering of common shares, the Company is required pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 to disclose in each Annual Report distributed to stockholders a per share estimated value of the Company s Common Stock, the method by which it was developed and the date of the data used to develop the estimated value. In addition, the Company must prepare annual statements of estimated share values to assist fiduciaries of retirement plans subject to the annual reporting requirements of ERISA in the preparation of their reports relating to an investment in the Company s Common Stock. On August 29, 2022, the Board of Directors unanimously approved and established a new estimated NAV for shares of the Company's Common Stock of 14.76 per share. The estimated NAV was based on the estimated value of the Company's assets less the estimated value of Company s liabilities and preferred stock, divided by the number of shares of common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis, each calculated as of August 1, 2022. The Company engaged an independent third-party appraisal and valuation firm to perform the market appraisal on the Company's real property assets that was used by management to determine the estimated NAV. Different parties using different methods could derive an estimated NAV per share that is significantly different from the estimated NAV per share determined by the Board. 
 
 The estimated NAV per share is not a representation, warranty, guarantee or other indication that, among other things: 

a stockholder would be able to realize the estimated NAV per share if such stockholder attempts to sell their shares of common stock; 

a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to the estimated NAV per share upon liquidation of the Company's assets and settlement of the Company's liabilities or if the Company were sold; 

shares of common stock would trade at the estimated NAV per share on a national securities exchange; 

a third party would offer the estimated NAV per share in an arms-length transaction to purchase all or substantially all of the shares of common stock; or 

the methods used to determine the estimated NAV per share would be acceptable to, or in compliance with, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the FINRA, the SEC, any state securities regulatory entity or the Department of Labor, with respect to their respective requirements. 

Further, the estimated NAV per share was calculated as of a particular moment in time based on the shares of Common Stock then outstanding and the amount and value of shares of common stock will fluctuate over time as a result of, among other things, future acquisitions or dispositions of assets, developments related to individual assets, and changes in the real estate and capital markets. Please see our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 29, 2022 for additional information regarding the 2022 NAV calculation, as well as Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to an Investment in the Company Investors should not rely on the Company s estimated NAV per share as being an accurate measure of the current value of the shares of our Common Stock in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

27

Table of Contents 

Distributions and Stock Dividends 
 
 On May 29, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors suspended the Share Repurchase Program and, on March 22, 2018 the Company suspended payment of distributions from the Dividend Reinvestment Plan DRIP ). On March 24, 2020, the Board of Directors suspended all repurchases, even in the case of a shareholder s death. 
 
 On March 22, 2018, the Company suspended the payment of distributions on its shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share There can be no assurance that cash distributions to the Company s Common Stockholders will be resumed in the future. The actual amount and timing of distributions, if any, will be determined by the Company s board of directors in its discretion and typically will depend on the amount of funds available for distribution, which is impacted by current and projected cash requirements, tax considerations and other factors. 
 
 The Company does not currently, and may not in the future, generate sufficient cash flow from operations to resume paying and fully fund future distributions. The Company does not currently anticipate that it will be able to resume the payment of distributions. However, if distributions do resume, all or a portion of the distributions may be paid from other sources, such as cash flows from equity offerings, financing activities, borrowings, or by way of waiver or deferral of fees. The Company has not established any limit on the extent to which distributions could be funded from these other sources. Accordingly, the amount of distributions paid may not reflect current cash flow from operations and distributions may include a return of capital, (rather than a return on capital). If the Company pays distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, the funds available to the Company for investments would be reduced and the share value may be diluted. The level of distributions will be determined by the board of directors and depend on several factors including current and projected liquidity requirements, anticipated operating cash flows and tax considerations, and other relevant items deemed applicable by the board of directors. 
 
 The Company did not repurchase any of its shares in 2022. No cash dividends can be made on the Common Stock until the preferred distributions are paid. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Also see Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements preceding Part I. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company focuses on acquiring, owning and leasing parking facilities and related infrastructure, including parking lots, parking garages and other parking structures throughout the United States. The Company targets both parking garage and surface lot properties primarily in top 50 U.S. MSAs, with proximity to key demand drivers, such as commerce, events and venues, government and institutions, hospitality and multifamily central business districts. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 44 parking facilities (including one property classified as held for sale) in 22 separate markets throughout the United States, with a total of 15,750 parking spaces and approximately 5.4 million square feet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also owned approximately 0.2 million square feet of commercial space adjacent to its parking facilities. 
 
 Management of the Company has been focused on the undertaking of four strategic objectives to reposition the Company for its next phase of growth and a potential liquidity event. The Company converted all management contracts back to leases under the New Lease Structure effective as of January 1, 2022, so that the Company once again has qualifying income from a REIT-test perspective beginning in 2022. The second objective was to focus on the balance sheet and the Company s upcoming debt maturities. During the first quarter, the Company extended maturities and refinanced 2022 maturities with a revolving credit facility from KeyBank. Management s third objective was to focus heavily on the performance of each asset, working with the operators to create a business plan for each asset to improve cash flow and rental income to the Company. Those business plans were finalized in the first quarter of 2022 and are currently being implemented with our tenant-operators. The Company anticipates that asset-level performance will continue to improve through 2023. Finally, management continues to focus on the fourth objective which is the remediation of REIT status for the Company and evaluating options for a potential liquidity event, including a potential listing on a national securities exchange. 

28

Table of Contents 

Impact of COVID-19 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has significantly adversely impacted global economic activity, contributing to significant volatility. The return to normalized movement is relatively uneven among markets and industries, which has impacted the performance of our assets, as many of the Company s properties are located in urban centers, near government buildings, entertainment centers, or hotels. While the employment level in the United States has nearly returned to 2019 levels, many companies continue to deploy a work-from-home or hybrid remote strategy for employees. We anticipate that a hybrid work structure for traditional central business district office workers will be the normalized state going-forward. This has impacted the performance of many of our assets that have office exposure and underscores the importance of a multi-key demand driver strategy in repositioning current and/or acquiring new assets. During 2020 and 2021, many state and local governments restricted public gatherings and implemented social distancing measures, which has, in some cases, eliminated or severely reduced the demand for parking. State governments and other authorities have lifted these measures which has encouraged greater movement around and between cities. Should public health restrictions be reinstated, the Company s rental revenue may continue to be adversely affected and may be further materially adversely affected to the extent that economic conditions result in the elimination of jobs or the migration of jobs from the urban centers where the Company s parking facilities are situated to other locations. In particular, a majority of the Company s property leases call for additional percentage rent, which would be adversely impacted by a decline in the demand for parking. However, we see increasing demand for multi-use assets that have exposure to entertainment and sporting venues or have exposure to driving travel through hotel relationships. As restrictions continue to lift across the United States, we anticipate a return to normal, in particular a return to driving vacations, which may positively impact the longer-term outlook of central business districts. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy debt service obligations, and its duration and ultimate lasting impact is unknown. The Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy debt service obligations may continue to be negatively impacted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and may remain at depressed levels compared to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels for an extended period. 
 
 The Company s 2021 annual financial results were more severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in comparison with the 2022 annual financial results. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company entered into certain lease amendments and new lease agreements with tenants and operators during 2020. Under these lease amendments and agreements, the tenants operated parking facilities on the Company s behalf and paid their operating expenses from gross parking revenue and were required to remit an agreed upon percentage of the remainder to the Company instead of base rent payments. Revenues from these properties were recorded as management income, which did not constitute qualifying REIT income for purposes of the annual REIT gross income tests, and, as a result, the Company was not in compliance with the annual REIT income tests for its taxable year ended December 31, 2020. Accordingly, the Company did not qualify as a REIT in 2020 and has been taxed as a C corporation beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2020. The Company converted these lease amendments and new lease agreements to the New Lease Structure as defined below and does not expect to recognize any management income from the New Lease Structure described below going forward. 
 
 Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands). 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Revenues 

Base rental income 
 
 8,345 
 
 11,970 
 
 (3,625) 
 
 (30.3) 

Management income 
 
 427 
 
 4,466 
 
 (4,039) 
 
 (90.4) 

Percentage rental income 
 
 20,329 
 
 3,988 
 
 16,341 
 
 409.8 

Total revenues 
 
 29,101 
 
 20,424 
 
 8,677 
 
 42.5 

Base rental income 
 
 The decrease in base rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 is due primarily to (1) a 5.1 million decrease in rental income from our same store properties as a result of restructuring most of our leases and management contracts to a new lease structure which require tenants to pay a lower base rent (typically 500- 1,000 per month) (the "New Lease Structure"), partially offset by (2) a 0.9 million increase in base rental income related to five parking facilities acquired in the third and fourth quarters of 2021 and one property acquired during the second quarter of 2022 and (3) a 0.6 million increase for base rental income recognized through a consolidated VIE entity that prior to August 25, 2021 was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company defines same store properties as those that were owned and consolidated for the full period in both comparison periods. 
 
 Management income 
 
 The 4.0 million decrease in management income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 is due primarily to the restructuring of management contracts to the New Lease Structure. Management income for 2021 reflects income from 13 management contracts that existed as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there are no management contracts in effect. 

29

Table of Contents 

Percentage rental income 
 
 The 16.3 million increase in percentage rent income is due primarily to (1) a 8.4 million increase from our same store properties as a result of an increase in the demand for parking across our portfolio as well as the impact of our New Lease Structure whereby we are recognizing a higher percentage of parking revenues generated at our properties in lieu of the higher base rent, and (2) a 7.9 million increase related to five parking facilities acquired in the third and fourth quarters of 2021 and one property acquired during the second quarter of 2022. Under the New Lease Structure in addition to base rent we recognize percentage rent equal to a designated percentage, typically ninety percent (90 ), of the amount by which gross revenues at the property during any lease year exceed a negotiated base amount. 
 
 The demand for event parking has increased during 2022 as a result of Major League Baseball and National Basketball Association producing full seasons with limited, if any, restrictions on capacity at sporting venues compared to the prior year restrictions due to COVID-19. This demand positively affects several of our properties in St. Louis, Minneapolis, Houston and Milwaukee. The demand for event parking has also increased in our markets where theatres, festivals, and other gatherings have resumed during 2022. 
 
 Additionally, the demand for hotel parking has increased in key markets such as Chicago, Detroit, Denver and Cincinnati, driven by the corresponding increase in events, vacation, and business travel during 2022 compared to 2021. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Operating expenses 

Property taxes 
 
 6,885 
 
 5,382 
 
 1,503 
 
 27.9 

Property operating expense 
 
 2,947 
 
 1,583 
 
 1,364 
 
 86.1 

Interest expense 
 
 12,912 
 
 9,536 
 
 3,376 
 
 35.4 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 8,248 
 
 5,850 
 
 2,398 
 
 41.0 

General and administrative 
 
 8,535 
 
 6,530 
 
 2,005 
 
 30.7 

Professional fees 
 
 2,690 
 
 2,645 
 
 45 
 
 1.7 

Organizational, offering and other costs 
 
 5,592 

5,592 
 
 100.0 

Total operating expenses 
 
 47,809 
 
 31,526 
 
 16,283 
 
 51.7 

Property taxes 
 
 The 1.5 million increase in property taxes during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 is attributable primarily to (1) approximately 1.4 million related to new acquisitions, including the five properties acquired during the third and fourth quarters of 2021 and one property acquired during the second quarter of 2022 and (2) the New Lease Structure, which increased the property tax burden on the Company as it is solely responsible for the property tax payments under the New Lease Structure. 
 
 Property operating expense 
 
 The 1.4 million increase in property operating expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 is attributable primarily to increased insurance, professional services related to engineering surveys and other operating expenses attributable to the five properties acquired during the third and fourth quarters of 2021 and one property acquired during the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 The increase in interest expense of approximately 3.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year is primarily attributable to (1) 3.9 million of 2022 interest expense on the Company s Revolving Credit Facility (which includes 1.2 million of non-cash fee amortization), and (2) interest expense on loans assumed as part of the Transaction, partially offset by the repayment of 56.1 million of mortgage loans during the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 
 The 2.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the five properties acquired during the third and fourth quarters of 2021, the one property acquired during the second quarter of 2022, and the 4.0 million of technology acquired as a result of the Transaction. 

30

Table of Contents 

General and administrative 
 
 The 2.0 million increase in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to non-cash compensation cost for performance units granted on May 27, 2022 of approximately 2.5 million and increased payroll related costs of approximately 0.4 million, which was partially offset by a decrease in corporate directors and officers insurance of approximately 0.9 million. 
 
 Professional fees 
 
 Professional fees increased by approximately 0.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to insurance proceeds received in 2021 to reimburse the Company for legal fees for claims made against the director and officer insurance policy, partially offset by a decrease in legal fees. 
 
 Organizational, offering and other costs 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred approximately 5.6 million in organizational and offering costs in connection with the MIT Merger Agreement, legal and accounting fees, and certain litigation costs. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Other income (expense) 

Other income 

106 

217 

(111) 

(51.0) 

Loss on sale of real estate 

(52) 

(52) 

100.0 

PPP loan forgiveness 

328 

348 

(20) 

(5.6) 

Settlement of deferred management internalization 

10,040 

(10,040) 

(100.0) 

Gain on consolidation of VIE 

360 

(360) 

(100.0) 

Transaction expenses 

(12,224) 

12,224 

(100.0) 

Total other expense 

382 

(1,259) 

1,641 

(130.4) 

Loss on sale of real estate 
 
 On September 1, 2022, the Company sold a parking lot located in Canton, Ohio for 0.7 million, resulting in a loss on sale of real estate of approximately 0.1 million. 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 During May 2021, the Company received notification from the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA") stating that the first-round paycheck protection program loan was forgiven in full in the amount of 348,000. During April 2022, the Company received notification from the SBA stating that the second-round paycheck protection program loan was forgiven in full in the amount of 328,000. The forgiveness of these loans was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the month they were forgiven. 
 
 Gain on consolidation of VIE 
 
 The gain on consolidation of DST is the result of consolidating our investment in MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot, DST, beginning in the third quarter of 2021 which was previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 Settlement of deferred management internalization and Transaction expenses 
 
 As of the closing of the Transaction, transaction expenses of approximately 12.2 million, including investment banking, legal, lender consent and employee severance costs, and the settlement of the deferred management internalization liability of 10.0 million were recorded in transaction expenses and settlement of deferred management internalization, respectively. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Effective March 29, 2022, the Company secured a 75.0 million Revolving Credit Facility with a 75.0 million accordion feature (the Revolving Credit Facility with KeyBanc Capital Markets, as lead arranger, and KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company drew on 73.7 million of the available 75.0 million to pay off the outstanding balances of near-term debt maturities as well as fund the acquisition of one parking asset. The 75.0 million accordion feature of the Revolving Credit Facility can be utilized for acquisitions, capital expenditures and other working capital requirements. 
 
 The Company s principal source of funds to meet our operating expenses, pay debt service obligations and make distributions to our stockholders will be rental income from tenants at the Company s parking facilities. Although the Company has no present intention to do so, the Company also may sell properties that the Company owns or place mortgages on properties that the Company owns to raise capital. 
 
 The Company has no commercial paper outstanding, nor have we entered into any swaps or hedges. 

31

Table of Contents 

The Company s short-term and long-term liquidity needs will consist primarily of funds necessary for payments of indebtedness, acquisitions of assets, capital expenditures, and costs associated with the Merger. Existing capital expenditure activities expected to be completed in the near-term for general deferred maintenance are expected to cost approximately 2.1 million. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

1,509 

(20,060) 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

(19,442) 

(20,252) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

12,211 

48,967 

Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to a 8.7 million increase in revenue (partially offset by an increase of 1.5 million and 1.4 million in property taxes and property operating expense, respectively), plus an increase in accounts payable resulting from organizational, offering and other costs related to the Merger Agreement and the MIT Merger Agreement. The net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to Transaction expenses of approximately 12.2 million. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 The cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to the acquisition of a 17.6 million parking garage in June 2022 as well as routine and strategic capital expenditures, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of one parking asset in September 2022. The cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the acquisition of two parking garages in the third and fourth quarters of 2021. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 The cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to proceeds from the Revolving Credit Facility of 73.7 million, partially offset by the repayment of 55.1 million of notes payable and the payment of loan fees on the Revolving Credit Facility and extension of certain other notes payable. The cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the cash contribution at the closing of the Transaction and 20.0 million cash consideration received by the Operating Partnership in connection with the purchase agreement between the Company and HS3 on November 2, 2021. 
 
 Company Indebtedness 
 
 On March 29, 2022, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement which includes the Revolving Credit Facility. During 2022, the Company used 73.7 million of available capacity to refinance certain of the Company s current loans for various properties and to finance the acquisition of a parking garage in June 2022. The remaining capacity of 1.3 million may also be available for our general corporate purposes, including liquidity, acquisitions and working capital. The Company borrows under the Revolving Credit Facility in U.S. dollars and expects borrowings to bear interest at a floating rate based upon a Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, benchmark rate or an alternate base rate, plus a margin of between 1.75 and 3.00 , with respect to SOFR loans, or 0.75 to 2.00 , with respect to base rate loans, based on the leverage ratio as calculated pursuant to our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The obligations under the Credit Agreement underlying the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company and other guarantors. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, conditions to borrowing, covenants and events of default, including certain covenants that limit or restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company, the Operating Partnership and other subsidiaries to sell or transfer assets, enter into a merger or consolidate with another company, create liens, make investments or acquisitions or incur certain indebtedness. The Credit Agreement also includes financial covenants that require the Company to (i) maintain a total leverage ratio not to exceed 65.0 , (ii) not to exceed certain fixed charge coverage ratios, and (iii) maintain a certain tangible net worth. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 73.7 million was outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company executed an amendment to Credit Agreement which extends the maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility to April 1, 2024, amends certain financial covenants through the new term, and adds a requirement for the Company to use diligent efforts to pursue an equity raise or liquidity event by March 31, 2023. In connection with this extension, the Company paid an extension fee of 375,000 (plus expenses) which is being deferred and amortized over the new term of the Revolving Credit Facility to interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with all applicable covenants in agreements governing its debt, resulting in events of default. Additionally, based on the Company s expected financial performance for the twelve-month period subsequent to the filing of the December 31, 2022 Form 10-K, the Company expects that it will not be in compliance with a financial covenant under the Revolving Credit Facility, which would result in another event of default. Such event allows the lender to accelerate the maturity of the debt under the Revolving Credit Facility which carries a balance of 73.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Further, our independent auditor has included an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022, which constitutes an event of default under our Revolving Credit Facility at the time our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022 are filed. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires the Company to initiate an equity raise in order to achieve a fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR of 1.4 to 1.0 as of March, 31, 2023. The Company does not currently have sufficient cash on hand, liquidity or projected future cash flows to repay these outstanding amounts upon an event of default. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

32

Table of Contents 

In response to these conditions, management s plans include the following: 

1. 
 Capitalizing on recent business development initiatives that we anticipate will improve total revenues through increased utilization of our parking assets and in many cases at higher average ticket rates. 

2. 
 Management is budgeting reduced overhead costs in 2023 through the reduction or elimination of certain controllable expenses. 

3. 
 We are pursuing further amendments and/or extensions with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, including waivers of noncompliance with covenants. 

4. 
 We have initiated equity raise or liquidity events, including the proposed merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corporation III. 

However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in completing any of these options. As a result, management s plans cannot be considered probable and thus does not alleviate substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Over time, management intends to both extend and sculpt our maturity wall, so that our maturities are spread over multiple years. As of the date of this filing, the Company has significant commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS debt with prohibitive defeasance, which will limit our ability to refinance our CMBS debt prior to the maturity date or any permitted prepayment date. As our loans approach maturity, we will assess the lowest cost, most flexible options available to the Company and refinance those loans accordingly. Our intent over the mid-term period is to work with lending relationships to maintain a revolver that can address upcoming maturities, should market conditions not permit us to refinance with longer-term debt. 
 
 The Company may establish capital reserves with respect to particular investments. The Company also may, but is not required to, establish reserves out of cash flow generated by investments or out of net sale proceeds in non-liquidating sale transactions. Working capital reserves are typically utilized to fund tenant improvements, leasing commissions and major capital expenditures. The Company s lenders also may require working capital reserves. 
 
 On July 5, 2022, VRMI merged with and into Suncrest Holdings, LLC Suncrest ), an entity managed by an entity majority owned and controlled by Michael Shustek, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. On July 11, 2022, Suncrest assigned and sold five of the six notes issued originally by VRMI to certain of the subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the VRMI Notes to VRMII. As a result, the obligations of Company subsidiaries under the five VRMI Notes, including all repayment obligations, are now owed to VRMII. All of the loans evidenced by the VRMI Notes mature and were payable in full on August 25, 2022. However, in August 2022, the Company extended the term of the VRMI Notes to August 2023. In connection with this extension, the coupon rate was increased from 7.0 to 7.5 and the Company paid the lender a 0.6 million extension fee. 
 
 Distributions and Stock Dividends 
 
 On March 22, 2018, the Company suspended the payment of distributions on its Common Stock. There can be no assurance that cash distributions to the Company s common stockholders will be resumed in the future. The actual amount and timing of distributions, if any, will be determined by the Company s Board of Directors in its discretion and typically will depend on various factors that the Company's Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 
 The Company does not currently, and may not in the future, generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fully fund distributions. The Company does not currently anticipate that it will be able to resume the payment of distributions. However, if distributions do resume, all or a portion of the distributions may be paid from other sources, such as cash flows from equity offerings, financing activities, borrowings, or by way of waiver or deferral of fees. The Company has not established any limit on the extent to which distributions could be funded from these other sources. Accordingly, the amount of distributions paid may not reflect current cash flow from operations and distributions may include a return of capital, (rather than a return on capital). If the Company pays distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, the funds available to the Company for investments would be reduced and the share value may be diluted. The level of distributions will be determined by the Board of Directors and depend on several factors including current and projected liquidity requirements, anticipated operating cash flows and tax considerations, and other relevant items deemed applicable by the Board of Directors. 
 
 The Company did not repurchase any of its shares in 2022. No cash dividends can be made on the Common Stock until the preferred distributions are paid. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 
 From inception through March 22, 2018, when the Company suspended payment of distributions of Common Stock, the Company had paid approximately 1.8 million in cash, issued 83,437 shares of its Common Stock as a Dividend Reinvestment Plan DRIP and issued 153,826 shares of its Common Stock in distributions to the Company s stockholders. All of the cash distributions were paid from offering proceeds and constituted a return of capital. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 On March 24, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors unanimously authorized the suspension of the payment of distributions on the Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock"), par value 0.0001 per share, and Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series 1 Preferred Stock" and, together with the Series A Preferred Stock, "Preferred Stock"), par value 0.0001 per share; however, such distributions will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 0.6 million and 0.4 million of accrued and unpaid Series A Preferred Stock distributions, respectively, are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 7.9 million and 5.1 million of accrued and unpaid Series 1 Preferred Stock distributions, respectively, are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

33

Table of Contents 

Common Stock Warrants 
 
 On August 25, 2021, in connection with the Closing, the Company entered into a warrant agreement (the Warrant Agreement pursuant to which it issued warrants (the Warrants to Color Up to purchase up to 1,702,128 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 11.75 per share for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 20.0 million (the Common Stock Warrants ). Each whole Common Stock Warrant entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Common Stock at a price of 11.75 per share (the Warrant Price ), subject to customary adjustments, at any time following a Liquidity Event, which is defined as an initial public offering and/or Listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange. The Common Stock Warrants will expire five years after the date of the Warrant Agreement. 
 
 The Company assesses its warrants as either equity or a liability based upon the characteristics and provisions of each instrument. Warrants classified as equity are recorded at fair value as of the date of issuance on the Company s balance sheet and no further adjustments to their valuation are made. Management estimates the fair value of these warrants using option pricing models and assumptions that are based on the individual characteristics of the warrants or other instruments on the valuation date, as well as assumptions for future financings, expected volatility, expected life, yield and risk-free interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, all outstanding warrants issued by the Company were classified as equity. 
 
 REIT Status 
 
 The Company elected to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the year ended December 31, 2017 and continued to operate in a manner to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019. In order to qualify as a REIT, there are a number of requirements that the Company must satisfy as set forth in sections 856 to 860 of the Code. As a consequence of lease modifications entered into during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company earned income from a number of tenants that did not constitute qualifying REIT income for purposes of the annual REIT gross income tests, and, as a result, the Company was not in compliance with its annual REIT income tests for the year ended December 31, 2020. Accordingly, the Company did not qualify for taxation as a REIT in 2020 and continues to be taxed as a C corporation. 
 
 As a C corporation, the Company is subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate rates and is generally not permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes again for four years following the year in which it no longer qualified as a REIT. Failing to qualify as a REIT could materially and adversely affect the Company s net income. In addition, distributions to its stockholders will not be deductible by the Company. As a result, being taxed as a C corporation rather than as a REIT could reduce the cash available for distribution by the Company to its stockholders. Moreover, as a C corporation, the Company is not required to distribute any amounts to its stockholders and all distributions to stockholders are taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of its current and accumulated earnings and profits. In such event, corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. In addition, non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, may be eligible for the preferential tax rates on qualified dividend income. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The Company s accounting estimates have been established in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions is different, it is possible that different accounting policies will be applied, or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses will be recorded, resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements or different amounts reported in the financial statements. 
 
 Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of the Company s results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. Below is a discussion of the accounting policies that management considers to be most critical. These policies require complex judgment in their application or estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

34

Table of Contents 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 On a periodic basis, we assess our properties for possible impairment and record any impairment charges identified. The first step is the identification of potential triggering events, such as significant decreases in operating results, changes in useful life, or a plan to dispose of an asset. In the event that the results of this first step indicate a triggering event for a property, the Company reviews the asset for impairment. This review is based on an estimate of the future undiscounted cash flows, excluding interest charges, expected to result from the property s use and eventual disposition. These estimates consider factors such as expected future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. These factors require a subjective evaluation based on the specific property and market. If impairment exists, due to the inability to recover the carrying value of a property, the property is written down to fair value and an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property for properties to be held and used. For properties held for sale, the impairment loss is the adjustment to fair value less estimated cost to dispose of the asset. These assessments have a direct impact on net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 All assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquisition of real estate accounted for as a business combination are measured at their acquisition date fair values. For acquisitions of real estate accounted for as an asset acquisition, the fair value of consideration transferred by the Company (including transaction costs) is allocated to all assets acquired and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis. 
 
 In making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the Company will utilize several sources, including independent appraisals that may be obtained in connection with the acquisition or financing of the respective property and other market data. The Company will also consider information obtained about each property as a result of the Company's pre-acquisition due diligence, as well as subsequent marketing and leasing activities, in estimating the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and intangible liabilities assumed. 
 
 The Company allocates the purchase price of acquired properties to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired based on their relative fair values. Tangible assets include land, land improvements, buildings, fixtures and tenant improvements on an as-if vacant basis. The Company utilizes various estimates, processes and information to determine the as-if vacant property value. Estimates of value are made using customary methods, including data from appraisals, comparable sales, discounted cash flow analysis and other methods. Amounts allocated to land, land improvements, buildings and fixtures are based on valuations performed by independent third parties or on the Company's analysis of comparable properties in the Company's portfolio. Identifiable intangible assets include amounts allocated to acquire leases for above- and below-market lease rates, the value of in-place leases, and the value of customer relationships, as applicable. The aggregate value of intangible assets related to in-place leases is primarily the difference between the property valued with existing in-place leases adjusted to market rental rates and the property valued as if vacant. Factors considered by the Company in its analysis of the in-place lease intangibles include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up period for each property, considering current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, the Company will include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up period. Estimates of costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses are also utilized. 
 
 The value of lease intangibles is amortized to depreciation and amortization expense over the remaining term of the respective lease. If a tenant terminates its lease with us, the unamortized portion of the in-place lease intangibles is recognized over the shortened lease term. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable. 

35

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID No. 39 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 45 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 47 

36

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note B to the financial statements, the Company does not have sufficient cash on hand or available liquidity to repay its outstanding debt as a result of the event default caused by noncompliance with debt covenants, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Managements' plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note B of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

37

Table of Contents 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Evaluation of Impairment Refer to Note B to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s evaluation of real estate assets for impairment involves an initial assessment of each property to determine whether events or changes in circumstances exist that may indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate assets are no longer recoverable. Possible indications of impairment may include significant decreases in operating results, changes in useful life, or a plan to dispose of an asset. When events or changes in circumstances exist, the Company evaluates its properties for impairment by comparing undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the property's use and eventual disposition to the respective carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a property exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, an analysis is performed to determine the fair value of the property. 
 
 The Company makes significant assumptions to evaluate properties for possible indications of impairment. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the properties identified for further analysis. For those properties where indications of impairment have been identified, the Company makes significant estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value using undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the property's use and eventual disposition, including estimates and assumptions related to the rental and net operating income growth rates. No impairment losses were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the identification and analysis of properties for possible indications of impairment, and our procedures related to the estimate of future undiscounted cash flows and the determination of fair value for unrecoverable properties, included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the Company's identification and analysis of impairment indicators by: 
 
 o Searching for adverse asset-specific and market conditions through review of third-party industry reports, real estate industry news sources, board minutes, inquiries with management, and websites and financial reports, among other sources. 

o Independently evaluating impairment indicators, such as projected net operating income, and comparing the results of our analysis to the indicators identified by management. 

o Reviewing management s specific property disposition plans and assessing for impairment properties with potential sales prices below the recorded property value. 

We evaluated the Company's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows and the determination of fair value for unrecoverable properties by: 
 
 o Comparing the projections included in management's estimate of future undiscounted cash flows to the Company's historical results and external market sources. 

o Assessing the rental and net operating income growth rates and terminal capitalization rate used to determine the terminal value of the properties against third party industry reports and recent comparable sales information. 

o Discussing with management the assumptions used in the Company's valuation models and evaluating the consistency of the assumptions used with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 

March 22, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

38

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

As of December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Investments in real estate 
 Land and improvements 
 Buildings and improvements 
 Construction in progress 
 Intangible assets 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Total investments in real estate, net 
 
 Fixed assets, net 
 Assets held for sale 
 Cash 
 Cash restricted 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Due from related parties 
 Deferred offering costs 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Liabilities 
 Notes payable, net 
 Revolving credit facility, net 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Accrued preferred distributions 
 Indemnification liability 
 Liabilities held for sale 
 Security deposits 
 Due to related parties 
 Deferred revenue 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Equity 
 Mobile Infrastructure Corporation Stockholders Equity 
 Preferred stock Series A, 0.0001 par value, 50,000 shares authorized, 2,862 shares issued and outstanding (stated liquidation value of 2,862,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Preferred stock Series 1, 0.0001 par value, 97,000 shares authorized, 39,811 shares issued and outstanding (stated liquidation value of 39,811,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Non-voting, non-participating convertible stock, 0.0001 par value, 1,000 shares authorized, 0.0001 par value, 1,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value, 98,999,000 shares authorized, 7,762,375 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Warrants issued and outstanding 1,702,128 warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total Mobile Infrastructure Corporation Stockholders Equity 
 Non-controlling interest 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

39

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Base rental income 

Management income 

Percentage rental income 

Total revenues 

Expenses 

Property taxes 

Property operating expense 

Interest expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Professional fees, net of reimbursement of insurance proceeds 

Organizational, offering and other costs 

Total expenses 

Other income (expense) 

Loss on sale of real estate 

() 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Other income 

Gain on consolidation of VIE 

Settlement of deferred management internalization 

Transaction expenses 

() 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s stockholders 

() 

() 

Preferred stock distributions declared - Series A 

() 

() 

Preferred stock distributions declared - Series 1 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders 

() 

() 

Basic and diluted loss per weighted average common share: 

Net loss per share attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

40

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Preferred stock Common stock 
 Additional Non- 
 Number of Number of Paid-in Accumulated controlling 
 Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Warrants Capital Deficit interest Total 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 
 Issuance of common stock 
 Issuance of OP units 
 Issuance of warrants 
 Consolidation of VIE 
 Declared distributions Series A 75.00 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 70.00 per share) 
 Net loss 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Equity based payments 
 Declared distributions Series A 75.00 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 70.00 per share) 
 Net income (loss) 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

41

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Loss 

(18,326) 

(12,361) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Amortization of loan costs 

PPP loan forgiveness 

(328) 

(348) 

Loss on sale of real estate 

Amortization of right of use lease asset 

Equity based payment 

Income from or gain on consolidation of VIE 

(360) 

Settlement of deferred management internalization 

(10,040) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Due to related parties 

(192) 

Accounts payable 

(4,080) 

Indemnification liability 

Right of use lease liability 

(28) 

Deferred offering costs 

(2,086) 

Security deposits 

(5) 

Other assets 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts receivable 

(2,882) 

Prepaid expenses 

(277) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(20,060) 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

(2,408) 

(665) 

Capitalized technology 

(171) 

(46) 

Purchase of investment in real estate 

(17,513) 

(19,541) 

Proceeds from sale of investment in real estate 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

(19,442) 

(20,252) 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Payments on notes payable 

(58,755) 

(6,343) 

Issuance of OP Units 

Issuance of common stock 

Loan fees 

(2,734) 

(154) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(5,722) 

Initial consolidation of VIE 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Reconciliation of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash: 

Cash, cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Restricted cash at end of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest Paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Dividends declared not yet paid 

Consolidation of variable interest entities, net 

Assumption of debt through acquisition 

Acquisition of properties through OP units and warrants 

Amounts due from related party 

Accrued capital expenditures 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

42

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

parking facilities (including one property classified as held for sale) in 22 separate markets throughout the United States, with a total of parking spaces and approximately million square feet. The Company also owns approximately million square feet of commercial space adjacent to its parking facilities. 
 
 The Company is the sole general partner of Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P., formerly known as MVP REIT II Operating Partnership, LP, a Maryland limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ). The Company owns substantially all of its assets and conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Partnership, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and owns approximately of the common units of the Operating Partnership (the OP Units ). Color Up, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Color Up and HSCP Strategic III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership HS3 ), are limited partners of the Operating Partnership and own approximately and , respectively, of the outstanding OP Units. Color Up is our largest stockholder and is controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director, Manuel Chavez, the Company s President, Chief Financial Officer, and a director, Stephanie Hogue, and a director of the Company, Jeffrey Osher. HS3 is controlled by Mr. Osher. 
 
 The Company previously elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and operated in a manner that allowed the Company to qualify as a REIT through December 31, 2019. As a consequence of lease modifications entered into during the COVID- 19 pandemic, the Company earned income from a number of tenants that did not constitute qualifying REIT income for purposes of the annual REIT gross income tests, and, as a result, the Company was not in compliance with the annual REIT income tests for its taxable year ended December 31, 2020. Accordingly, the Company did not qualify for taxation as a REIT in 2020 and continues to be taxed as a C corporation. As a C corporation, the Company is not required to distribute any amounts to its stockholders. 
 
 Merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 On December 13, 2022, the Company and Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III FWAC ), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by Fifth Wall Acquisition Sponsor III LLC ("Fifth Wall"), entered into a definitive merger agreement (the Merger Agreement ). Upon closing of the merger (the Merger ), FWAC will be the surviving entity and will be renamed Mobile Infrastructure Corporation . The combined company following the Merger New MIC expects to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker BEEP. Following the steps of the Merger as provided in the Merger Agreement: 
 
 each then issued and outstanding Class A Share of FWAC will convert, on a one -for- basis, into share of New MIC common stock; 
 
 each then issued and outstanding share of the Company s common stock will convert, on a -to- one basis, into share of New MIC common stock; 
 
 each share of the Company s Series 1 and Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding will be converted into the right to receive share of Series 1 and Series A preferred stock of New MIC; and 
 
 each of the Company s common stock warrants will become a warrant to purchase that number of shares of New MIC common stock equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of common stock that would have been issuable upon the exercise of such common stock warrant and (b) . 

Additionally, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, FWAC entered into subscription agreements with an initial PIPE investor (the Initial PIPE Investor ), pursuant to which the Initial PIPE Investor agreed to purchase from New MIC, prior to or substantially concurrently with the closing of the Merger, million of common stock, par value per share, of New MIC (the New MIC Common Stock at per 1.2 shares. The Initial PIPE Investor is controlled by Jeffrey Osher, a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 The Merger Agreement also contemplates other PIPE investments through the entry into one or more additional subscription agreements with one or more investors to purchase Class A Shares of FWAC, New MIC common stock, New MIC preferred stock or convertible notes of New MIC. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger, the Operating Partnership will convert from a Maryland limited partnership to a Delaware limited liability company. As a limited liability company, the Operating Partnership will continue to be treated as a partnership and a disregarded entity for tax and accounting purposes. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred costs of approximately million associated with the Merger. These costs are being accounted for as deferred offering costs in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs and are reflected within deferred offering costs on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Terminated Merger with Mobile Infrastructure Trust 
 
 On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the MIT Merger Agreement by and between the Company and Mobile Infrastructure Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust MIT ), which is owned by Bombe Asset Management LLC Bombe ), an Ohio limited liability company owned by Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue. Pursuant to the terms of the MIT Merger Agreement, the Company would merge with and into MIT, with MIT continuing as the surviving entity resulting from the transaction. Prior to and as a condition to the merger with MIT, MIT expected to undertake an initial public offering (the MIT IPO of its common shares of beneficial interest. Also, in March 2022, the Company had entered into an agreement with MIT, requiring the Company to be allocated, bear and (where practicable) pay directly certain costs and expenses related to the merger with MIT and the MIT IPO. 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement with FWAC, the MIT Merger Agreement and the cost allocation agreement with MIT were terminated. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred costs of approximately million pursuant to the cost allocation agreement with MIT. Such amounts are included on organizational, offering and other costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 2021 Recapitalization 
 
 On January 8, 2021, the Company entered into an equity purchase and contribution agreement (the Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, Vestin Realty Mortgage I, Inc., VRMI Vestin Realty Mortgage II, Inc. VRMII ), and Michael V. Shustek Mr. Shustek and together with VRMI and VRMII, the Former Advisor and Color Up, LLC (the Purchaser ). The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement are referred to herein collectively as the Transaction. 
 
 On August 25, 2021, we completed the Transaction and as a result, the Company acquired three multi-level parking garages consisting of approximately and parking spaces located in Cincinnati, Ohio and approximately parking spaces located in Chicago, Illinois totaling approximately million square feet. In addition to the parking garages contributed, proprietary technology was contributed to the Company, which provides management of the Company with real-time information on the performance of its assets. Pursuant to the closing of the Transaction, the Operating Partnership issued newly issued OP Units at per unit for total consideration of million, net of transaction costs. The consideration received consisted of million of cash, three parking assets with an estimated fair value of approximately million and technology with an estimated fair value of million. The Company also assumed long-term debt with an estimated fair value of approximately million. In addition, the Company issued warrants to Color Up to purchase up to shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock at an exercise price of for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to million. The estimated fair value of the warrants recorded as of the closing date of the Transaction was approximately million. Transaction expenses not directly related to the acquisition of the three contributed real estate assets or issuance of OP Units of approximately million and the settlement of the deferred management internalization liability of million were recorded in transaction expenses and settlement of deferred management internalization, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Management assessed the potential accounting treatment for the Transaction by applying ASC 805 and determined that the Transaction did not result in a change of control. As a result, the three contributed real estate assets and the technology platform acquired, described above, were accounted for by the Company as asset acquisitions in the financial statements, which required recognition of assets and liabilities at acquired cost and reflect the capitalization of any transaction costs directly attributable to the asset acquisition. 

million as of December 31, 2022. Further, our independent auditor has included an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022, which constitutes an event of default under our Revolving Credit Facility at the time our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022 are filed. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires the Company to initiate an equity raise in order to achieve a fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR of to 1.0 as of March, 31, 2023. The Company does not currently have sufficient cash on hand, liquidity or projected future cash flows to repay these outstanding amounts upon an event of default. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 In response to these conditions, management s plans include the following: 
 
 1. Capitalizing on recent business development initiatives that we anticipate will improve total revenues through increased utilization of our parking assets and in many cases at higher average ticket rates. 
 
 2. Management is budgeting reduced overhead costs in 2023 through the reduction or elimination of certain controllable expenses. 
 
 3. We are pursuing further amendments and/or extensions with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, including waivers of noncompliance with covenants. 
 
 4. We have initiated equity raise or liquidity events, including the proposed merger with Fifth Wall Acquisition Corporation III. 

However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in completing any of these options. As a result, management s plans cannot be considered probable and thus does not alleviate substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Equity investments in which the Company exercises significant influence but does not control and is not the primary beneficiary are accounted for using the equity method. The Company s share of its equity method investees earnings or losses is included in other income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

and parking operators during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. One tenant/operator, SP + Corporation (Nasdaq: SP) SP+ ), represented of the Company s revenue, excluding commercial revenue, for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Premier Parking Service, LLC represented and of the Company s revenue, excluding commercial revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the Company had concentrations in Cincinnati and ), Detroit and ), Chicago and ), and Houston and based on gross book value of real estate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable balance, respectively, was with SP+. 

million. 

years for buildings, years for land improvements, five years for fixtures and the shorter of the useful life or the remaining lease term for tenant improvements and leasehold interests, generally one to years. 

17,513 

The following table is a summary of the allocated acquisition value of the property acquired by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 dollars in thousands). 

On September 1, 2022, the Company sold a parking lot located in Canton, Ohio for million, resulting in a loss on sale of real estate of approximately million. The Company received net proceeds of approximately million after the repayment of the outstanding mortgage loan, interest and transaction costs. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company sold a parking lot located in Wildwood, NJ for million and we anticipate recognizing an estimated gain on sale of real estate of approximately million during the first quarter of 2023. The assets (substantially all real estate) and liabilities (substantially all mortgage debt) for this property were classified as held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

2021 
 
 The following table is a summary of the parking asset acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 

222W7 Holdco, LLC Cincinnati, OH 8/25/2021 Garage 
 322 Streeter Holdco, LLC Chicago, IL 8/25/2021 Garage 
 2nd Street Miami Garage, LLC Miami, FL 9/9/2021 Contract N/A 
 Denver 1725 Champa Street Garage, LLC Denver, CO 11/3/2021 Garage 

The following table is a summary of the allocated acquisition value of all properties acquired by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 

222W7 Holdco, LLC 
 322 Streeter Holdco, LLC 
 2nd Street Miami Garage, LLC (a) 
 Denver 1725 Champa Street Garage, LLC 

(a) The value of in-place lease assets and the 2 nd Street Miami Garage, LLC contract value are included in intangible assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The useful life of the in-place lease value at 1W7 Carpark, LLC is years. The 2 nd Street Miami Garage, LLC contract value has an indefinite life. 

There were no dispositions of real estate for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Lease commissions 
 Indefinite lived contract 
 Acquired technology 
 Total intangible assets 2,288 1,526 

Amortization of the in-place lease value, lease commissions and acquired technology are included in depreciation and amortization in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amortization expense associated with intangible assets totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 A schedule of future amortization of acquired intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and thereafter is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 

I/O Vestin Realty Mortgage II 8/25/2023 
 Minneapolis Venture I/O Vestin Realty Mortgage II 8/25/2023 
 MVP Milwaukee Clybourn I/O Vestin Realty Mortgage II 8/25/2023 
 MVP Clarksburg Lot I/O Vestin Realty Mortgage II 8/25/2023 
 MVP Cincinnati Race Street I/O Vestin Realty Mortgage II 8/25/2023 
 MVP Memphis Poplar (3) I/O LoanCore 3/6/2024 
 MVP St. Louis (3) I/O LoanCore 3/6/2024 
 Mabley Place Garage Barclays 12/6/2024 
 322 Streeter Holdco American National Insurance Co. 3/1/2025 
 MVP Houston Saks Garage Barclays Bank PLC 8/6/2025 
 Minneapolis City Parking American National Insurance, of NY 5/1/2026 
 MVP Bridgeport Fairfield Garage FBL Financial Group, Inc. 8/1/2026 
 West 9th Properties II American National Insurance Co. 11/1/2026 
 MVP Fort Worth Taylor American National Insurance, of NY 12/1/2026 
 MVP Detroit Center Garage Bank of America 2/1/2027 
 MVP Denver Sherman (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP Milwaukee Arena Lot (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP Denver 1935 Sherman (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP St. Louis Washington (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 St. Paul Holiday Garage (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 Cleveland Lincoln Garage (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP Indianapolis Meridian Lot (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Louisville Broadway Station (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Whitefront Garage (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Houston Preston Lot (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Houston San Jacinto Lot (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 St. Louis Broadway (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 St. Louis Seventh Cerre (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 St Louis Cardinal Lot DST I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/31/2027 
 MVP Preferred Parking Key Bank 8/1/2027 
 Less unamortized loan issuance costs (974) 

1 The Company issued a promissory note to KeyBank for million secured by the pool of properties. 
 2 The Company issued a promissory note to Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending, L.P. CCRE for million secured by the pool of properties. 
 3 The loan is secured by a Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing on each of the properties owned by MVP St. Louis 2013 and MVP Memphis Poplar. 
 4 The table above excludes mortgage debt related to the MVP Wildwood NJ Lot, LLC. This property was classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022. As such, the million outstanding principal and related unamortized loan issuance costs are reported as liabilities held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

2 Year Interest Only 
 10 Year Interest Only 
 I/O - Interest Only 
 
 In April 2022, the Company received notification from the Small Business Administration stating that the round two paycheck protection program loan was forgiven in full in the amount of . The forgiveness of this loan was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2021, VRMI and VRMII acquired million of outstanding notes payable the Company had with various lenders. On July 5, 2022, VRMI merged with and into Suncrest Holdings, LLC Suncrest ), an entity managed by an entity majority owned and controlled by Mr. Shustek, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. On July 11, 2022, Suncrest assigned and sold five of the six notes issued originally by VRMI to certain of the subsidiaries of the Company (collectively, the VRMI Notes to VRMII. As a result, the obligations of Company subsidiaries under the five VRMI Notes, including all repayment obligations, are now owed to VRMII. All of the loans evidenced under the five VRMI Notes originally matured and were payable in full on August 25, 2022. However, in August 2022, the Company extended the term of the VRMI Notes to August 2023. In connection with this extension, the coupon rate was increased from to and the Company paid VRMII a million extension fee. 

Reserve funds are generally required for repairs and replacements, real estate taxes, and insurance premiums. Some notes contain various terms and conditions including debt service coverage ratios and debt yield limits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, borrowers for three of the Company s loans totaling million and seven loans totaling million, respectively, failed to meet certain loan covenants. As a result, we are subject to additional cash management procedures, which resulted in approximately million and million of restricted cash at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In order to exit cash management, certain debt service coverage ratios or debt yield tests must be exceeded for two consecutive quarters to return to less restrictive cash management procedures. As of December 31, 2022, million of our restricted cash was for two borrowers that had consecutive debt service coverage ratios in excess of required amounts during 2022 and were in process of being released from cash management. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , future principal payments on notes payable are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

million revolving credit facility, originally maturing on April 1, 2023 the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility may be increased by up to an additional provided that no event of default has occurred and certain other conditions are satisfied. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR benchmark rate or Alternate Base Rate, plus a margin of between and , with respect to SOFR loans, or to , with respect to base rate loans, based on the Company s leverage ratio as calculated under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is secured by a pool of properties and requires compliance with certain financial covenants. The Credit Agreement also includes financial covenants that require the Company to (i) maintain a total leverage ratio not to exceed , (ii) not to exceed certain fixed charge coverage ratios, and (iii) maintain a certain tangible net worth. 
 
 On April 15, 2022, the Company drew on the Revolving Credit Facility to pay a loan in full with LoanCore in the amount of million. The loan had a maturity date of December 9, 2022 and was secured by a pool of six properties. On April 21, 2022, the Company drew on the Revolving Credit Facility to pay two loans in full with Associated Bank in a combined amount of million. The loans had maturity dates of May 1, 2022 and October 1, 2022, respectively, and were secured by two properties. On June 6, 2022, the Company drew on the Revolving Credit Facility for million to fund the acquisition of 222 Sheridan Bricktown Garage LLC. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn million of the available million in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company executed an amendment to the Credit Agreement which extends the maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility to April 1, 2024, amends certain financial covenants through the new term, and adds a requirement for the Company to use diligent efforts to pursue an equity raise or liquidity event by March 31, 2023. In connection with this extension, the Company paid an extension fee of (plus fees), which is being deferred and amortized over the new term of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the balance of unamortized loan fees associated with the Revolving Credit Facility is million which is being amortized to interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the remaining term. 

and million of lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is reported in general and administrative expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Lessor 
 
 All of the Company s leases are classified as operating leases. The following table summarizes the components of operating lease revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations (dollars in thousands): 

Variable lease payments 
 Straight-line rental income 

Future fixed contractual lease payments to be received under non-cancelable operating leases in effect as of December 31, 2022 , assuming no new or renegotiated leases or option extensions on lease agreements are executed, are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 

million in shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ), par value per share, together with warrants to acquire the Company s Common Stock, in a Regulation D 506 (c) private placement to accredited investors. 
 
 The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Board of Directors and declared by the Company out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cash dividends at the rate of per annum of the initial stated value of per share. Since a Listing Event, as defined in the charter, did not occur by March 31, 2018, the cash dividend rate has been increased to , until a Listing Event at which time, the annual dividend rate will be reduced to 5.75 of the stated value. 
 
 On March 24, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors unanimously authorized the suspension of the payment of distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock; however, such distributions will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. Since initial issuance, the Company had declared distributions of approximately million of which approximately million had been paid to Series A stockholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million of Series A Preferred Stock distributions that were accrued and unpaid, respectively, are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Series 1 Preferred Stock 
 
 On March 29, 2017, the Company filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland Articles Supplementary to the charter of the Company classifying and designating shares of its authorized capital stock as shares of Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Series 1 Preferred Stock ), par value per share. On April 7, 2017, the Company commenced the Regulation D 506 (b) private placement of shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock, together with warrants to acquire the Company s common stock, to accredited investors. 
 
 The holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and declared by us out of legally available funds, cumulative, cash dividends on each share at an annual rate of of the stated value pari passu with the dividend preference of the Series A Preferred Stock and in preference to any payment of any dividend on the Company s common stock; provided that since a Listing Event, as defined in the charter, has not occurred by April 7, 2018, the annual dividend rate on all Series 1 Preferred Stock shares has been increased to of the stated value until the occurrence of a Listing Event, at which time, the annual dividend rate will be reduced to of the stated value. 
 
 Each holder of Series 1 Preferred Stock received, for every in shares subscribed by such holder, detachable warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock if the Company s common stock is listed on a national securities exchange. Since a Listing Event did not occur on or prior to the fifth anniversary of the final closing date of the offering (ie. January 31, 2023), the outstanding warrants automatically expired. 
 
 On March 24, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors unanimously authorized the suspension of the payment of distributions on the Series 1 Preferred Stock, however, such distributions will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms of the Series 1 Preferred Stock. Since initial issuance, the Company had declared distributions of approximately million of which approximately million had been paid to Series 1 Preferred Stock stockholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million of Series 1 Preferred Stock distributions that were accrued and unpaid, respectively, are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 On August 25, 2021, in connection with the closing of the Transaction, the Company entered into a warrant agreement (the Warrant Agreement pursuant to which it issued to Color Up warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, at an exercise price of per share for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to million (the Common Stock Warrants ). Each whole Common Stock Warrant entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase one whole share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to customary adjustments, at any time following a Liquidity Event, which is defined as an initial public offering and/or listing of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange. The Common Stock Warrants will expire on August 25, 2026. 
 
 The Common Stock Warrants are classified as equity and recorded at the issuance date fair value. The issuance date fair value was determined using option pricing models and assumptions that were based on the individual characteristics of the Common Stock Warrants or other instruments on the valuation date, as well as assumptions for future financings, expected volatility, expected life, yield and risk-free interest rate. 

Tender Offer 
 
 On October 5, 2021, Color Up initiated a Tender Offer (the Offer to purchase up to shares of common stock of the Company, at a price of per share. On November 5, 2021, a total of shares of common stock were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer and Color Up accepted for purchase all such shares. Color Up initiated payment of an aggregate of approximately million to the stockholders participating in the Offer. 
 
 Effective November 8, 2021, Color Up executed a subscription agreement with the Company pursuant to which Color Up acquired the remaining shares of common stock not purchased through the Offer at 11.75 per share. 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company, entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, and HS3, pursuant to which the Operating Partnership issued and sold to HS3 (a) newly issued OP Units; and (b) newly-issued Class A units of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership Class A Units which entitle HS3 to purchase up to additional OP Units (the Additional OP Units at an exercise price equal to per Additional OP Unit, subject to adjustment as provided in the Class A Unit agreement, and HS3 paid to the Operating Partnership cash consideration of million. The Company used proceeds from the Securities Purchase Agreement for working capital purposes, including expenses related to the Securities Purchase Agreement and the acquisition of two parking lots and related assets. The Additional OP Units are available to be exercised only upon completion of a Liquidity Event, as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Convertible Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership had approximately million OP Units outstanding, excluding any equity incentive units granted. Under the terms of the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, OP Unit holders may elect to exchange certain OP Units for shares of the Company s Common Stock upon completion of a liquidity event. The OP Units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 are classified as noncontrolling interests within permanent equity on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 
 The Company has a Dividend Reinvestment Plan DRIP which allows its stockholders to invest distributions in additional shares of our common stock, subject to certain limits. Stockholders who elect to participate in the DRIP may choose to invest all or a portion of their cash distributions in shares of our common stock at a price equal to our most recent estimated value per share. On March 22, 2018, the Company suspended payment of distributions and as such there are currently distributions to invest in the DRIP. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On May 29, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors suspended the Share Repurchase Program, other than for hardship repurchases in connection with a shareholder s death. Repurchase requests made in connection with the death of a stockholder can be repurchased at a price per share equal to 100 of the amount the stockholder paid for each share, or once the Company had established an estimated NAV per share, 100 of such amount as determined by the Company s Board of Directors, subject to any special distributions previously made to the Company s stockholders. On March 24, 2020, the Board of Directors suspended all repurchases, even in the case of a stockholder s death. 

. Prior to the granting of the Director LTIP Units, the associated compensation was anticipated to be paid in cash, and as such, the expense was accrued as a liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon vesting, the Director LTIP Units are redeemable in cash or shares, at the option of the holder. As a result, the Director LTIP Units are classified as a liability within accounts payable and accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Also on May 27, 2022, the Operating Partnership granted an aggregate of Performance Units of the Operating Partnership PUs to the executive officers of the Company pursuant to performance unit award agreements entered into with respect to the PUs. The PUs vest, subject to the continued employment of the executive officers, upon the achievement of a market condition and a performance condition. The performance period for the market and performance conditions are May 27, 2022 through December 31, 2025 and May 27, 2022 through December 31, 2027, respectively, subject to the executive s continued performance of the services of the Company, the Operating Partnership or an affiliate. The grant date fair value of the PUs with market conditions was estimated at per unit using a Monte Carlo simulation for the future stock prices of the Company and its corresponding peer group. The PUs subject to a performance condition will vest if the Company s adjusted funds from operations per share of common stock is at least for four consecutive quarters prior to the fourth quarter of 2025 and then for an additional four consecutive quarters prior to December 31, 2027. The PUs subject to a performance condition were deemed not probable of achievement as of December 31, 2022. The probability of achievement of the performance condition will continue to be assessed throughout the performance period. 
 
 PUs are subject to restrictions on transfer and may be subject to a risk of forfeiture if the executive ceases to be an employee of the Company, the Operating Partnership or an affiliate prior to vesting of the award. Each vested PU is entitled to receive a dividend equivalent payment equal to the dividend paid on the number of shares of OP Units issued. Each unvested PU is entitled to receive of the distributions payable on OP Units. 
 
 On August 23, 2022, the Board granted LTIP Units of the Operating Partnership to Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, in lieu of full satisfaction of the Company s obligation to issue to Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue restricted shares of common stock under their respective employment agreements with the Company (the Executive LTIP Units ). As of the original grant date, the Executive LTIP Units were to vest in full only upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event (as defined in Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue s respective employment agreements) prior to August 25, 2024. On December 13, 2022, in connection with the Merger, the agreements granting these Executive LTIP Units were amended to require a service condition for a period of one year from a Liquidity Event. The modified grant date fair value of these Executive LTIP Units was determined to be per unit. These Executive LTIP Units were deemed not probable of achievement as of the modification date and December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table sets forth a roll forward of all incentive equity awards for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Total unvested units 

The Company recognized million and million of amortization of stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining unrecognized compensation cost of approximately million for PUs with market conditions is expected to be recognized over the remaining derived service period of months. amortization was recognized for the Executive LTIPs or PUs with performance conditions as they were deemed not probable of achievement. The unrecognized compensation cost of million of these awards will be recognized once the performance conditions are deemed to be probable of achievement. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 The Company s board of directors has adopted a long-term incentive plan which the Company may use to attract and retain qualified directors, officers, employees and consultants. The Company s long-term incentive plan will offer these individuals an opportunity to participate in the Company s growth through awards in the form of, or based on, the Company s common stock. The Company currently anticipates that it will not issue awards under the Company s long-term incentive plan, although it may do so in the future, including possible equity grants to the Company s independent directors as a form of compensation. 
 
 The long-term incentive plan authorizes the granting of restricted stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted or deferred stock units, dividend equivalents, other stock-based awards and cash-based awards to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company and the Company s affiliates selected by the board of directors for participation in the Company s long-term incentive plan. Stock options granted under the long-term incentive plan will not exceed an amount equal to of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on the date of grant of any such stock options. Stock options may not have an exercise price that is less than the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors or a committee appointed by its Board of Directors will administer the long-term incentive plan, with sole authority to determine all of the terms and conditions of the awards, including whether the grant, vesting or settlement of awards may be subject to the attainment of one or more performance goals. No awards will be granted under the long-term incentive plan if the grant or vesting of the awards would jeopardize the Company s status as a REIT under the Code (if applicable) or otherwise violate the ownership and transfer restrictions imposed under its charter. Unless otherwise determined by the Company s Board of Directors, no award granted under the long-term incentive plan will be transferable except through the laws of descent and distribution. 

The Company has authorized and reserved an aggregate maximum number of common shares for issuance under the long-term incentive plan. In the event of a transaction between the Company and its stockholders that causes the per-share value of the Company s common stock to change (including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering or large nonrecurring cash dividend), the share authorization limits under the long-term incentive plan will be adjusted proportionately and the Board of Directors will make such adjustments to the long-term incentive plan and awards as it deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights immediately resulting from such transaction. In the event of a stock split, a stock dividend or a combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of common stock into a lesser number of shares, the authorization limits under the long-term incentive plan will automatically be adjusted proportionately and the shares then subject to each award will automatically be adjusted proportionately without any change in the aggregate purchase price. 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors may in its sole discretion at any time determine that all or a portion of a participant s awards will become fully vested. The board may discriminate among participants or among awards in exercising such discretion. The long-term incentive plan will automatically expire on the tenth anniversary of the date on which it is approved by the Board of Directors and stockholders, unless extended or earlier terminated by the Board of Directors. The Company s Board of Directors may terminate the long-term incentive plan at any time. The expiration or other termination of the long-term incentive plan will not, without the participant s consent, have an adverse impact on any award that is outstanding at the time the long-term incentive plan expires or is terminated. The Board of Directors may amend the long-term incentive plan at any time, but no amendment will adversely affect any award without the participant s consent and no amendment to the long-term incentive plan will be effective without the approval of the Company s stockholders if such approval is required by any law, regulation or rule applicable to the long-term incentive plan. There are no awards outstanding under the long-term incentive plan. 

of the first of eligible compensation contributed by each employee, which is funded in cash. All contributions vest immediately. 
 
 Total expense recorded for the matching 401 (k) contribution in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

additional performance units that were granted to our executive officers on May 27, 2022, which are considered antidilutive to the dilutive loss per share calculation for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did not have any additional dilutive shares resulting in basic loss per share equaling dilutive loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table reconciles the numerator and denominator used in computing the Company s basic and diluted per-share amounts for net loss attributable to common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 Net loss attributable to participating securities 
 Net loss attributable to MIC common stock 
 Denominator: 
 Basic and dilutive weighted average shares of Common Stock outstanding 
 Basic and diluted loss per weighted average common share: 
 Basic and dilutive 

beneficial interest in MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot, DST, a Delaware Statutory Trust MVP St. Louis ). MVP St. Louis is the owner of a -acre, -vehicle commercial parking lot, known as the Cardinal Lot. 
 
 At the time of its initial investment, the Company concluded that MVP St. Louis was a VIE and that the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of MVP St. Louis was held by MVP Parking DST, LLC (the Manager and certain subsidiaries of the Manager. As a result, the investment in MVP St. Louis was accounted for using the equity method of accounting through August 25, 2021. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Transaction, the former advisor of the Company, MVP Realty Advisors, LLC MVPRA transferred ownership of the Manager to Mr. Chavez. This change in structure was deemed a reconsideration event and the Company concluded that it was the primary beneficiary of the MVP St. Louis. As a result, the Company began consolidating its investment in MVP St. Louis and MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot Master Tenant, LLC, which had total assets of approximately million (substantially all real estate investments) and liabilities of approximately million (substantially all mortgage debt) as of August 25, 2021. These assets and liabilities were recorded at fair value as of the date of consolidation, and a gain of approximately million was recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. MVP St. Louis and MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot Master Tenant, LLC had total assets of approximately million (substantially all real estate investments) and liabilities of approximately million (substantially all mortgage debt) as of December 31, 2022. 

State 
 Total Current 
 
 Deferred 
 Federal 
 State 
 Total Deferred 
 Total 

The following table presents a reconciliation of the statutory corporate U.S. federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate as of December 31, 2022 : 

State taxes, net of federal effect 
 Non-Deductible Expenses 
 Change in Valuation Allowance 
 Effective income tax rate 

The balances for deferred taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

Intangible Assets 
 Investment in Operating Partnership 
 Gross deferred tax assets 
 Less valuation allowance 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities: 
 Straight-line Rent 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Total net deferred taxes 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Our real estate assets are measured and recognized at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when we determine an impairment has occurred. To estimate fair value the Company may use internally developed valuation models or independent third -parties. In either case, the fair value of real estate may be based on a number of approaches including the income capitalization approach, sales comparable approach or discounted cash flow approach. Each of these approaches utilized estimates and assumptions regarding an assets future performance and cash flows as well as market conditions, capitalization rates and discount rates which are all considered Level 2 inputs. 

The Company has previously disclosed stockholder class action lawsuits alleging direct and derivative claims against the Company, certain of its then-officers, then-directors, the Former Advisor and/or Mr. Shustek captioned Arthur Magowski v. The Parking REIT, Inc., et. al, No. 24 -C- 19003125 (filed on May 31, 2019), Michelle Barene v. The Parking REIT, Inc., et. al, No. 24 -C- 19003527 (filed on June 27, 2019) and SIPDA Revocable Trust v. The Parking REIT, Inc., et al, Case No. 2:19 -cv- 00428 (filed on March 12, 2019). As a result of the Transaction, the Settlement Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) was entered into subject to completion of Color Up s Tender Offer (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) for up to shares of the Company s outstanding Common Stock at per share. Upon the expiration of the Tender Offer on November 5, 2021, the terms of the Settlement Agreement were satisfied and the prior lawsuits settled. 
 
 The Company has previously disclosed that the SEC was conducting an investigation relating to the Company. On March 11, 2021, the SEC notified the Company that they do not intend to recommend an enforcement action by the Commission against the Company. 
 
 The SEC investigation also related to the conduct of the Company s former chairman and chief executive officer, Mr. Shustek. On July 29, 2021, the SEC filed a civil lawsuit against Mr. Shustek and his advisory firm Vestin Mortgage LLC, alleging violations of the securities laws (Case 2 - 21 -civ- 01416 -JCM-BNW, U.S. District Court, District of Nevada). The SEC seeks disgorgement, injunctions, and bars against Mr. Shustek, and related penalties. Pursuant to the Transaction, Mr. Shustek's right to indemnification by the Company for certain claims related to the SEC's investigation shall not exceed million. This liability was recognized by the Company upon the closing of the Transaction and is included in indemnification liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Effective as of the closing of the Transaction, Mr. Shustek resigned as Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company. 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company also entered into an Assignment of Claims, Causes of Action, and Proceeds Agreement, or the Assignment of Litigation Agreement, pursuant to which the Company assigned to the Former Advisor certain claims and claim proceeds that the Company had against Ira S. Levine, Levine Law Group, Inc. (or any other name by which a firm including Ira Levine was known), Edwin Herbert Bentzen IV and Andrew Fenton. The Settlement Agreement is not related to the Assignment of Litigation Agreement. 
 
 In January 2023, the 43 rd District Court of Parker County, Texas entered summary judgment in favor of the plaintiff, John Roy, who alleges he is due a commission relating to a proposed sale of the Fort Worth Taylor parking facility which was never consummated. The Company has filed an appeal. As a result of the court s summary judgment, we recognized a charge of million for the full estimated amount of damages (including legal fees and costs). The million was recognized within organizational, offering and other costs in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and indemnification liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

million from Park Place Parking which is included in accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and has been paid subsequent to December 31 within terms of the lease agreement. 
 
 In May 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with ProKids, an Ohio not -for-profit. An immediate family member of the Company s CEO is a member of the Board of Trustees and President-Elect of that organization. ProKids leased square feet of vacant unfinished commercial space in a square foot building in Cincinnati, Ohio for 120 months. ProKids will invest in the tenant improvements in this space and ultimately use it as their headquarters location. ProKids will have no rent due to the Company throughout the lease term, other than a rental fee on parking spaces used by the ProKids staff and visitors. As of December 31, 2022, ProKids does not owe the Company rental income related to the lease agreement. 
 
 The Company has agreed to pay for certain tax return preparation services of Color Up and certain member entities of Color Up. The Company has incurred related to these services which is reflected in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In connection with the Transaction, the Company owes approximately to certain member entities of Color Up relating to prorated revenues for the month of August 2021 of the three properties contributed by Color Up. The accrual was established in the fourth quarter of 2021 and is reflected within due to related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additionally, in connection with the Transaction, the Company is due approximately from Color Up as consideration for OP Units then issued which is reflected within due from related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 License Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company entered into a Software License and Development Agreement, or the License Agreement, with an affiliate of Bombe, or the Supplier, pursuant to which the Company granted to the Supplier a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right and license to access certain software and services for a fee of per month. 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company, the Operating Partnership and Color Up entered into the Tax Matters Agreement, or the Tax Matters Agreement, pursuant to which the Operating Partnership agreed to indemnify Color Up and certain affiliates and transferees of Color Up, together, the Protected Partners, against certain adverse tax consequences in connection with 1 (i) a taxable disposition of certain specified properties and (ii) certain dispositions of the Protected Partners interest in the Operating Partnership, in each case, prior to the tenth anniversary of the completion of the Transaction (or earlier, if certain conditions are satisfied); and 2 the Operating Partnership s failure to provide the Protected Partners the opportunity to guarantee a specified amount of debt of the Operating Partnership during the period ending on the tenth anniversary of the completion of the Transaction (or earlier, if certain conditions are satisfied). In addition, and for so long as the Protected Partners own at least 20 of the units in the Operating Partnership received in the Transaction, the Company agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Protected Partners with similar guarantee opportunities. 

(156 (156 (156 
 Fixed assets, net (43 (81 
 Cash (548 (441 
 Cash restricted 
 Prepaid expenses (138 (13 
 Accounts receivable (197 (291 (85 
 Due from related parties 
 Other assets (47 (127 (6 
 Notes payable, net (37 
 Revolving Credit Facility, net 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (954 (856 (119 
 Security Deposit (46 (46 
 Deferred revenue (35 (35 
 Accumulated deficit (102,855 (102,485 (104,541 (305 (104,846 (106,692 (40 (106,732 
 Non-controlling interest (352 (56 

(120 
 Management agreement 
 Percentage rent 
 Property taxes (205 
 Property operating expense 
 General and administrative 
 Professional fees (520 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Interest expense (2,539 (2,457 
 Other income 61 
 Net loss (4,278 (3,058 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (2,472 (1,622 
 Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders (2,556 (2,186 
 Net loss per share attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders - basic and diluted (0.33 (0.28 

(120 (120 
 Management agreement (427 (0 (114 
 Percentage rent 
 Property taxes (105 (105 
 Property operating expense (32 (97 
 General and administrative (44 (44 
 Professional fees (38 (387 
 Organizational, offering and other costs 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Interest expense (3,168 (198 (3,366 (5,707 (250 (5,957 
 Other income 
 Net loss (3,997 (656 (4,653 (8,275 225 (8,050 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (2,311 (352 (2,663 (4,783 126 (4,657 
 Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders (2,436 (305 (2,741 (4,992 (4,893 
 Net loss per share attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders - basic and diluted (0.31 (0.04 (0.35 (0.64 (0.63 

Management agreement (114 
 Percentage rent (187 (187 
 Property taxes (106 (106 
 Property operating expense (17 (97 
 General and administrative (9 
 Professional fees (47 (326 
 Organizational, offering and other costs (197 
 Depreciation and amortization (43 (43 
 Interest expense (3,387 (288 (3,675 (9,094 (383 (9,477 
 Other income (107 (107 
 Net loss (4,596 (96 (4,692 (12,871 (89 (12,960 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (2,445 (56 (2,501 (7,228 (52 (7,280 
 Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders (2,901 (40 (2,941 (7,893 (37 (7,930 
 Net loss per share attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders - basic and diluted (0.37 (0.01 (0.38 (1.02 0.01 (1.01 

Management income - - - 
 Percentage rental income 
 Total revenues 
 
 Expenses 
 Property taxes 
 Property operating expense 
 Interest expense 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 General and administrative 
 Professional fees, net of reimbursement of insurance proceeds 
 Organizational, offering and other costs 
 Total expenses 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 Loss on sale of real estate (52 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 Other income (32 
 Total other income (expense) (36 (32 
 
 Net loss (3,058 (4,653 (4,692 (5,923 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest (1,622 (2,663 (2,501 (3,422 
 Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s stockholders (1,436 (1,990 (2,191 (2,501 
 
 Preferred stock distributions declared - Series A (54 (54 (54 (54 
 Preferred stock distributions declared - Series 1 (696 (696 (696 (696 
 Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders (2,186 (2,740 (2,941 (3,251 
 
 Basic and diluted loss per weighted average common share: 
 Net loss per share attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders - basic and diluted (0.28 (0.35 (0.38 (0.42 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

2016 

Crown Colony (3) 
 OH 

2016 

Cincinnati Race Street 
 OH 

2016 

39,15 

St Louis Washington 
 MO 

2016 

St Paul Holiday Garage 
 MN 

2016 

39,15 

Louisville Station 
 KY 

2016 

Whitefront Garage 
 TN 

2016 

39,15 

Cleveland Lincoln Garage 
 OH 

2016 

39,15 

Houston Preston 
 TX 

2016 

Houston San Jacinto 
 TX 

2016 

MVP Detroit Center Garage 
 MI 

2017 

39,15 

St. Louis Broadway 
 MO 

2017 

N/A 

St. Louis Seventh Cerre 
 MO 

2017 

N/A 

MVP Preferred Parking 
 TX 

2017 

39,15 

MVP Raider Park Garage 
 TX 

2017 

39,15 

MVP PF Memphis Poplar 2013 
 TN 

2017 

MVP PF St. Louis 2013 
 MO 

2017 

Mabley Place Garage 
 OH 

2017 

39,15 

MVP Denver Sherman 
 CO 

2017 

N/A 

MVP Fort Worth Taylor 
 TX 

2017 

39,15 

MVP Milwaukee Old World 
 WI 

2017 

MVP Houston Saks Garage 
 TX 

2017 

39,15 

MVP Milwaukee Wells 
 WI 

2017 

MVP Wildwood NJ Lot (4) 
 NJ 

2017 

N/A 

MVP Indianapolis City Park 
 IN 

2017 

39,15 

MVP Indianapolis WA Street Lot 
 IN 

2017 

MVP Minneapolis Venture 
 MN 

2017 

N/A 

MVP Indianapolis Meridian Lot 
 IN 

2017 

MVP Milwaukee Clybourn 
 WI 

2017 

MVP Milwaukee Arena 
 WI 

2017 

N/A 

MVP Clarksburg Lot 
 WV 

2017 

MVP Denver 1935 Sherman 
 CO 

2017 

N/A 

MVP Bridgeport Fairfield Garage 
 CT 

2017 

39,15 

Minneapolis City Parking 
 MN 

2017 

MVP New Orleans Rampart 
 LA 

2018 

N/A 

MVP Hawaii Marks 
 HI 

2018 

39,15 

1W7 Carpark 
 OH 

18 

2021 

39,15 

222W7 
 OH 

2021 

322 Streeter 
 IL 

2021 

2nd Street 
 FL 

2021 

N/A 

Denver 1725 Champa Street Garage 
 CO 

2021 

Bricktown 
 OK 

2022 

MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot DST 
 MO 

2017 

N/A 

1 
 The aggregate gross cost of property included above for federal income tax purposes approximately million as of December 31, 2022 . 

2 
 The initial costs of buildings are depreciated over years using a straight-line method of accounting; improvements capitalized subsequent to acquisition are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or useful life, generally ranging from one to years. 

3 
 These properties are held by West 9 th St. Properties II, LLC 

4 
 Wildwood lot classified as held for sale at December 31, 2022 

Property financed under the Revolving Credit Facility 

The following table reconciles the historical cost of total real estate held for investment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Additions during period: 

Acquisitions 

Improvements 

Deductions during period: 

Dispositions 

() 

Impairments 

Balance at close of period 

1 
 This amount does not include intangible assets and construction in progress totaling approximately million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and approximately million and million as of December 31, 2021 , respectively. 

The following table reconciles the accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Deductions during period: 

Depreciation of real estate 

Balance at close of period 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of that time, the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report fairly represent, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our Company, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Management has conducted an assessment, including testing, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making our assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with our assessment as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Specifically, these control deficiencies constitute material weaknesses, either individually or in the aggregate, relating to: (i) the lack of appropriate segregation of duties within the accounting and finance groups; (ii) the lack of formal and effective controls over user access to certain information systems to ensure adequate restriction of users and privileged access to transaction processing applications; and (iii) inappropriate application of GAAP. 
 
 Management s Remediation Plan 
 
 We have identified and implemented, and continue to implement, certain remediation efforts to improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. These remediation efforts are ongoing. The following remedial actions have been identified and initiated as of December 31, 2022: 

We have hired a Chief Accounting Officer and will hire (as needed) and train additional accounting resources with appropriate levels of experience and reallocating responsibilities across the finance organization. This measure provides for segregation of duties and ensures that the appropriate level of knowledge and experience will be applied based on the risk and complexity of transactions and tasks under review. 

We will continue to educate control owners and enhance policies to ensure appropriate restrictions related to user access and privileged access are in place. 

We have re-evaluated the permissions of user roles within our accounting system and have re-assigned access to individuals in order to establish more appropriate segregation of duties. 

We have enhanced internal control documentation for key controls to ensure the assignment of preparers and reviewers, and establishing policies for the formal sign-off of key controls. 

Beginning with the third quarter of 2022, we established a formal Disclosure Committee to enhance governance by management for the oversight of internal controls over financial reporting, including disclosure controls and procedures. 

We have provided access to accounting literature and research to enable the control owners in evaluating technical accounting pronouncements for certain transactions, in addition to utilizing third party resources when appropriate. 

Through our continued remediation efforts, we have identified and recorded certain accounting adjustments during the third and fourth quarters of 2022 that were considered immaterial, individually and in the aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements taken as a whole for the affected periods. Our continued remediation activities will include the designing of internal control policies and practices that directly respond to these accounting adjustments. 

61

Table of Contents 

While progress has been made to enhance our internal control over financial reporting, we are still in the process of designing, implementing, documenting, and testing the effectiveness of these processes, procedures and controls. Additional time is required to complete the implementation and to assess and ensure the sustainability of these procedures. We will continue to devote time and attention to these remedial efforts. However, the material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls are fully implemented, have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded that these controls are operating effectively through testing. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Aside from identification of the material weaknesses described above and the actions taken as described in Management's Remediation Initiatives above to improve the Company s internal control over financial reporting, there has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Significant Employees 
 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, our directors, executive officers and significant employees are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 

Manuel Chavez III 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Chairman) 

Stephanie Hogue 
 
 44 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 

Kyle Brown 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

Jeffrey B. Osher 
 
 46 
 
 Independent Director 

Lorrence T. Kellar (1)(2) 
 
 85 
 
 Independent Director 

Danica Holley (1) 
 
 50 
 
 Independent Director 

Damon Jones 
 
 47 
 
 Independent Director 

Shawn Nelson (1)(3) 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 

David Garfinkle (4) 
 
 55 
 
 Independent Director 

(1) 
 Member of the audit committee 

(2) 
 Audit committee financial expert 

(3) 
 Mr. Nelson retired from the Board, effective December 31, 2022. 

(4) 
 Effective January 31, 2023, Mr. Garfinkle was elected to the Board to fill Mr. Nelson's vacancy. 

Manuel Chavez has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since August 2021. Mr. Chavez is and has been the chief executive officer and founder of Bombe Asset Management LLC Bombe ), a Cincinnati, Ohio-based alternative asset management firm affiliated with Color Up, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the purchaser under the Equity Purchase and Contribution Agreement with the Company Color Up or the Purchaser ), since 2017. Mr. Chavez held various positions of increasing responsibility at Parking Company of America, Inc. from 1999 to 2017. Mr. Chavez is also chief executive officer and a manager of Color Up. Mr. Chavez currently holds positions with the Greater Cincinnati Port Authority, the Cincinnati State Technical and Community College, the Cincinnati Art Museum and the Cincinnati Regional Business Committee. 
 
 Mr. Chavez was selected to serve as a director of the Company because of his significant real estate experience and expansive knowledge of the real estate industry, and his relationships with chief executives and other senior management at numerous real estate companies. Based on the foregoing, the Board believes that Mr. Chavez will bring a unique and valuable perspective to our Board. 
 
 Stephanie Hogue has served as our President, Secretary and a member of the Board since August 2021 and as Interim Chief Financial Officer from November 2021 to August 23, 2022 when she was appointed as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Hogue has been the chief investment officer and managing partner of Bombe since 2020. From 2017 to 2020, Ms. Hogue was managing director and New York branch manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers Corporate Finance LLC, and from 2010 to 2017, Ms. Hogue was a director at PricewaterhouseCoopers Corporate Finance LLC. Ms. Hogue is also a manager of Color Up. Ms. Hogue currently serves on the board of governors of Public Media Connect, Inc., a non-profit organization that owns southwest Ohio s largest Public Broadcasting Service member television stations, and is a director of the Indian Hill Club. 

62

Table of Contents 

Ms. Hogue was selected to serve as a director of the Company because of her significant experience in finance, capital markets and investing in infrastructure and real estate assets. 
 
 Kyle Brown has served as Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since July 2022. Mr. Brown, previously served as Vice President, Technical Accounting Research for Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR), a publicly-traded healthcare REIT, from December 2021 until July 2022, where he was responsible for providing technical accounting support and analysis across the organization to implement policies in response to recently issued accounting standards and completing regulatory financial statement filings. Prior to that, Mr. Brown served as Director, Technical Accounting Research at Ventas, Inc. from October 2014 to December 2021. Mr. Brown graduated from Xavier University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Accountancy and is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). 
 
 Independent Directors of the Company 
 
 Jeffrey B. Osher has served as a member of the Board since August 2021. Mr. Osher founded No Street Capital LLC, an investment management firm, in 2018. Prior to founding No Street Capital, LLC, Mr. Osher served as a portfolio manager at Harvest Capital Strategies, LLC, an SEC-registered investment advisor, from 2005 to 2018, and as an analyst from 2002 to 2005. Prior to his tenure at Harvest Capital Strategies, LLC, Mr. Osher was an analyst at The Dowd Company where he focused on technology and emerging growth companies. He has served on the board of directors of the Seal Family Foundation since 2016. He has also served on the board of directors of Green Dot Corporation (NYSE: GDOT) since 2020 and was an advisor to the Green Dot Corporation s board of directors from 2017 to 2020. He is also a manager of Color Up and a control person of HS3 which is the approximate 10 limited partner of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Mr. Osher was selected to serve as a director of the Company due to his significant experience in financial services and investment and his experience as an executive and a public company director. 
 
 Lorrence T. Kellar has served as a member of the Board since August 2021. Mr. Kellar has been a trustee of Acadia Realty Trust (NYSE: AKR) since November 2003. Mr. Kellar was vice president at Continental Properties, a retail and residential developer, from 2002 until his retirement in 2009, a director of Spar Group, Inc., from 2003 to 2019 and chairman of Multi-Color Corporation from 1995 to 2012. Prior to joining Continental Properties, Mr. Kellar served as vice president of real estate with Kmart Corporation for six years and served with The Kroger Co., the United States largest supermarket company, for 31 years where his final position was group vice president of finance and real estate. Mr. Kellar currently serves as an emeritus trustee of Public Media Connect, Inc. a non-profit organization that owns southwest Ohio s largest Public Broadcasting Service member television stations and an emeritus trustee of the Cincinnati Ballet. 
 
 Mr. Kellar was selected to serve as a director of the Company due to his significant management and public company experience, including in the real estate industry and as a public company executive and director and member of the audit committee. 
 
 Danica Holley has served as a member of the Board since August 2021. Ms. Holley has served as the chief operating officer of Global Medical REIT Inc. (NYSE: GMRE) since March 2016. Ms. Holley s business development and management experience spans more than 18 years with an emphasis on working in an international environment. She has extensive experience in international program management, government procurement, and global business rollouts and start-ups. As executive director for Safe Blood International Foundation since April 2008, she oversaw national health initiatives in Africa and Asia, including an Ebola response project. Ms. Holley has held management positions as director of strategy, corporate business development for WorldSpace, Inc. from 1997 to 2000, director of marketing for corporate and business at ISI Professional Services from 2000 to 2001 and director of administration at Tanzus Development from 1996 to 1997 and SK I Architectural Design Group, LLC from 2003 to 2007. 
 
 Ms. Holley was selected to serve as a director of the Company due to her significant business development and management experience, including as an executive officer at a publicly traded REIT that has had a similar growth trajectory to the Company. 
 
 Damon Jones has served as a member of the Board since August 2021. Mr. Jones has served as the chief communications officer of The Procter Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) since April 2020. He served as vice president, global communications advocacy at P G from July 2018 to April 2020, and prior to that, as director, global company communications from August 2015 to June 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Jones held various other positions with increasing responsibility at P G since 1997. 
 
 Mr. Jones was selected to serve as a director of the Company due to his significant communications experience and his experience as a public company executive. 
 
 David Garfinkle has served as a member of the Board since January 2023. Mr. Garfinkle has served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CoreCivic, Inc. (NYSE: CXW), a public company and the nation s largest owner of partnership, correctional, detention and residential reentry facilities in the U.S., since May 2014 and prior to that as its Vice President of Finance and Controller from February 2001 to May 2014. From 1996 to 2001, Mr. Garfinkle served as Vice President and Controller for Bradley Real Estate, Inc., a publicly traded REIT. Prior to joining Bradley Real Estate, Inc., Mr. Garfinkle was a Senior Manager at KPMG Peat Marwick, LLP. Mr. Garfinkle is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a bachelors degree in business administration from St. Bonaventure University. He also serves as a board member and as a member of the executive committee of Junior Achievement of Middle Tennessee, having previously served as the chair of that organization s finance committee. 

63

Table of Contents 

Mr. Garfinkle was selected to serve as a director of the Company due to his significant management and public company experience, including at a publicly traded REIT. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 There are no family relationships among any of the current executive officers and directors of the Company. 
 
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Board of Directors Stockholders Agreement 
 
 Effective August 25, 2021, pursuant to the Charter and bylaws, and as contemplated by the Stockholders Agreement dated August 25, 2021 (the Stockholders Agreement between the Company and Color Up, the number of directors was increased from four to seven and Manuel Chavez, Stephanie Hogue, Jeffrey Osher, Lorrence Kellar and Damon Jones were designated as nominees to the Board (the Color Up Designated Directors by Color Up (and the Board nominated Danica Holley as a nominee to the Board to join Shawn Nelson as an incumbent director (the Incumbent Director and, together with the Color Up Designated Directors, New Directors and Messrs. Chavez, Osher, Kellar, Jones, and Meses. Hogue and Holley were elected to the Board, with terms expiring at the Annual Meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualify. Upon the retirement of Shawn Nelson effective December 31, 2022, Mr. Garfinkle was appointed to the Board to fill the vacancy and Mr. Garfinkle shall be considered an Incumbent Director under the Stockholders Agreement. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics ), which contains general guidelines for conducting the Company s business and is designed to help directors, employees and independent consultants resolve ethical issues in an increasingly complex business environment. The Code of Ethics applies to all of the Company s officers, including the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and persons performing similar functions, as well as all members of the Board. The Code of Ethics covers topics including, but not limited to, conflicts of interest, record keeping and reporting, payments to foreign and U.S. government personnel and compliance with laws, rules and regulations. The Code of Ethics is available on the Company s website at https://mobileit.com under Investor Relations-Corporate Governance. A printed copy of the Code of Ethics may be obtained by shareholders upon written request to the Company s Secretary at the address listed on the cover page of this Annual Report. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirements regarding any amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of the Code of Ethics by posting such information on our website as promptly as practicable, as may be required by applicable SEC rules. 
 
 Communication with Directors 
 
 The Company has established procedures for stockholders or other interested parties to communicate directly with the Board. Such parties can contact the Board by mail at the following address: Board of Directors of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, c/o Secretary, 30 W. 4 th Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202; or by emailing secretary@mobileIT.com. 
 
 The Secretary will receive all communications made by these means and will distribute such communications to such member or members of the Board as they deem appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication received. For example, if any questions regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters are received, they will be forwarded by the Secretary to the members of the Audit Committee for review. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s named executive officers for purposes of this Annual Report are (i) each person who served as the Company s principal executive officer during the year Manuel Chavez III; and (ii) each executive officer of the Company, whether or not they remained with the Company at the end of the year, who received annual compensation of more than 100,000 Stephanie Hogue (collectively, the named executive officers ). 

64

Table of Contents 

The following Summary Compensation Table and footnotes summarize the total compensation (rounded to the nearest thousand) of the Company s named executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Stock 

All Other 

Fiscal 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Compensation 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

Total ) 

Manuel Chavez 
 
 2022 

600,000 

4,195,313 
 
 (2) 

4,795,313 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

234,190 

234,190 
 
 (3) 

Stephanie Hogue 
 
 2022 

450,000 

2,517,188 
 
 (4) 

2,967,188 

President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 2021 

141,346 

141,346 

(1) 
 Fiscal year 2021 contains compensation for Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue from August 25, 2021 through December 31, 2021 following the closing of the Transaction. 

(2) 
 In accordance with the 2021 Employment Agreements (defined below), Mr. Chavez is eligible to receive a target annual bonus of no more than 33.33 of his Base Salary (as defined in the 2021 Employment Agreements), as determined by the Compensation Committee for services provided to the Company during 2022. Mr. Chavez has elected to receive his 2022 annual bonus in equity and the Compensation Committee determined such equity would be in the form of LTIP Units. On February 28, 2023, Mr. Chavez was granted 13,550 fully vested LTIP Units granted in lieu of his target annual bonus. In accordance with the 2021 Employment Agreement, Mr. Chavez is also eligible to receive a target equity bonus of no more than 1,000,000 for services provided to the Company during 2022. The Compensation Committee determined such equity would be in the form of LTIP Units. On February 28, 2023, Mr. Chavez was granted 67,751 LTIP Units as his target equity bonus. Mr. Chavez is also eligible to receive stock awards including the 937,500 Performance Units that are subject to certain market, performance and service-based conditions, granted to Mr. Chavez on May 27, 2022 and 170,213 LTIP Units that are subject to completion of a Liquidity Event and certain service-based conditions, granted on August 23, 2022. The grant date fair values of all of the Performance Units and LTIP Units were determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . Of those 937,500 Performance Units, the grant date fair value of 468,750 of those Performance Units was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation simulation model resulting in a grant date fair value of 4,195,313, the vesting of which is subject to certain market and performance conditions. As required pursuant to SEC disclosure rules, the grant-date fair values of the awards included in the table above were computed based on the probable outcomes of the performance conditions as of the applicable grant date; for purposes of calculating the grant-date fair value of the remaining 468,750 Performance Units and the LTIP Units, the achievement of certain performance, service and liquidity event-based conditions was deemed not probable on the date of grant in accordance with US GAAP and, accordingly, no value is included in the table for these awards. Assuming achievement of the performance, service and liquidity event conditions, the grant date fair value of the remaining 468,750 Performance Units and the LTIP Units, is 7,251,563 and 2,791,493, respectively. Mr. Chavez s LTIP Units will vest one year from a Liquidity Event, subject to certain change in control or termination conditions. 

(3) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the compensation earned by Mr. Chavez for fiscal year 2021 was unpaid. 

(4) 
 In accordance with the 2021 Employment Agreements (defined below), Ms. Hogue is eligible to receive a target annual bonus of no more than 33.33 of her Base Salary (as defined in the 2021 Employment Agreements), as determined by the Compensation Committee for services provided to the Company during 2022. Ms. Hogue has elected to receive her 2022 annual bonus in equity and the Compensation Committee determined such equity would be in the form of LTIP Units. On February 28, 2023, Ms. Hogue was granted 10,163 fully vested LTIP Units in lieu of her target annual bonus. In accordance with the 2021 Employment Agreement, Ms. Hogue is also eligible to receive a target equity bonus of no more than 600,000 for services provided to the Company during 2022. The Compensation Committee determined such equity would be in the form of LTIP Units. On February 28, 2023, Ms. Hogue was granted 40,650 LTIP Units as her target equity bonus. Ms. Hogue is also eligible to receive stock awards including 562,500 Performance Units that are subject to certain market, performance and service-based conditions, granted to Ms. Hogue on May 27, 2022 and 102,128 LTIP Units that are subject to completion of a Liquidity Event and certain service-based conditions, granted on August 23, 2022. The grant date fair values of all of the Performance Units and LTIP Units were determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . Of those 562,500 Performance Units, the grant date fair value of 281,250 of those Performance Units was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation simulation model resulting in a grant date fair value of 2,517,188, the vesting of which are subject to certain market and performance conditions. As required pursuant to SEC disclosure rules, the grant-date fair values of the awards included in the table above were computed based on the probable outcomes of the performance conditions as of the applicable grant date; for purposes of calculating the grant-date fair value of the remaining 281,250 Performance Units and the LTIP Units, the achievement of certain performance, service and liquidity event-based conditions was deemed not probable on the date of grant in accordance with US GAAP and, accordingly, no value is included in the table for these awards. Assuming achievement of the performance, service and liquidity event conditions, the grant date fair value of the remaining 281,250 Performance Units and the LTIP Units, is 4,350,938 and 1,674,899, respectively. Ms. Hogue s LTIP Units will vest one year from a Liquidity Event, subject to certain change in control or termination conditions. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no grants were made under the Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan and there were no outstanding unvested equity awards as of either date. The Plan provides up to 500,000 shares may be issued under the terms of the Plan. The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
 On May 27, 2022, the Compensation Committee and the Board each approved performance-based equity awards (the Performance Awards to each of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue. 
 
 In approving the Performance Awards, the Committee and the Board recognized the Company s interest in rewarding, incentivizing and retaining Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, through the award of certain Performance Units in the Operating Partnership, with the goal of creating appropriate incentives for Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue to continue to grow the value of the Company over the long-term. The Performance Awards approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board, including the disinterested directors, are aligned with the interests of the Company s stockholders. The principal objective of the Performance Awards is to link Mr. Chavez s and Ms. Hogue s long-term compensation opportunities with significant long-term stockholder value creation. 

65

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the performance unit award agreements entered into with respect to the Performance Awards (the Performance Award Agreements ), Mr. Chavez was awarded 937,500 Performance Units and Ms. Hogue was awarded 562,500 Performance Units, which will vest only to the extent that the market price of the Company s Common Stock and the Company s AFFO per share of common stock achieve specified targets during the performance periods, as further described herein. Pursuant to the applicable Performance Award Agreement, subject to the continued employment of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, respectively, fifty percent (50 of his or her respective Performance Units will vest if the market price of the Company s Common Stock is 25.00 per share, based on a 90-day weighted average price, at any time from the date of grant through December 31, 2025. Pursuant to the applicable Performance Award Agreement, subject to the continued employment of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, respectively, fifty percent (50 of his or her respective Performance Units will vest if the Company s AFFO per share of common stock is at least 1.25 for four consecutive quarters prior to the fourth quarter of 2025 and then for an additional four consecutive quarters prior to December 31, 2027. Per share amounts are subject to adjustment, in the Compensation Committee s discretion, in the event of any stock split, stock dividend or other similar adjustment to the number of shares of common stock outstanding. The Compensation Committee and the Board believe that the vesting requirements of the Performance Awards encourage long-term equity holding by Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, further aligning the interests of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue with the creation of stockholder value over the long-term. 
 
 The Performance Units are a class of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. Once vested, the Performance Units are convertible into common units of the Operating Partnership after a one-year holding period on a one-for-one basis. Common Units are redeemable for shares of the Company s Common Stock, on a one-for-one basis, or cash at the Company s option, pursuant and subject to the terms and provisions of the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Upon Mr. Chavez s or Ms. Hogue s death, disability or termination of employment without Cause (as defined in their respective employment agreements), the Performance Units shall continue to be held by Mr. Chavez or Ms. Hogue, or their respective estates or heirs, as applicable, and shall otherwise vest, not vest, be forfeited or cancelled in accordance with the terms of the applicable Performance Award Agreement. 
 
 On August 23, 2022, each of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue entered into an LTIP Unit Award Agreement (the LTIP Agreements pursuant to which 170,213 and 102,128 LTIP Units, respectively, were granted to Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, subject to the vesting and other terms and conditions set forth in the applicable LTIP Agreement. On December 13, 2022, each of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue entered into a First Amendment to LTIP Unit Agreement, pursuant to which the 170,213 and 102,128 LTIP Units previously granted to Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, respectively, will vest in full only upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event (defined in the 2021 Employment Agreements as an initial public offering and/or listing of the Company s Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the NYSE, each, a Trading Market) prior to August 25, 2024, provided that the executive remains continuously employed with the Company, the Operating Partnership or an affiliate through the one year anniversary of the Liquidity Event, unless the executive is terminated by the Company, the Operating Partnership or such affiliate without Cause or resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the 2021 Employment Agreements) within one hundred and eighty (180) days of a Liquidity Event or one year after the Liquidity Event. 
 
 The LTIP Units are a class of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership. Once vested, each LTIP Unit is convertible at the option of the holder into a common unit of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership subject to the holding period set forth in the Partnership Agreement. Each common unit acquired upon the conversion of an LTIP Unit is redeemable by the holder for shares of the Company s Common Stock on a one-for-one basis. The Company may elect, at its option, to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares of common stock for all or any redeemed partnership unit. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year End 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to all outstanding equity awards held by each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022. 

Stock Awards 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: 

Equity Incentive Plan awards: 

Number of units 

Market value of units that 

Number of unearned units 

Market or payout value of unearned 

Name 
 
 that have not vested 

have not vested 

that have not vested 

units that have not vested 

Manuel Chavez (1) 

1,107,713 

4,195,313 

Stephanie Hogue (2) 

664,628 

2,517,188 

(1) 
 Mr. Chavez s unvested stock awards consist of (i) 937,500 performance units of the Operating Partnership that vest upon satisfaction of certain performance criteria, and (ii) 170,213 LTIP Units of the Operating Partnership that vest upon the occurrence of a liquidity event and certain other requirements, all of which are subject to the terms, provisions and other requirements of the applicable performance unit or LTIP unit award agreements. On May 27, 2022, Mr. Chavez was granted a stock award of 937,500 Performance Units, the vesting of which is subject to certain market conditions. Of the 937,500 Performance Units, 468,750 have a grant date fair value of 4,195,313 determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . For purposes of calculating the grant-date fair value of the remaining 468,750 Performance Units, the achievement of certain performance and liquidity event-based conditions was deemed not probable on the date of grant in accordance with US GAAP and, accordingly, no value is included in the table for these awards. On August 23, 2022, Mr. Chavez was granted 170,213 LTIP Units, the vesting of which is subject to completion of a Liquidity Event which was deemed not probable on the grant date in accordance with US GAAP and certain service-based conditions. Assuming achievement of the performance, service and liquidity event conditions, the grant date fair value of the remaining 468,750 Performance Units and the LTIP awards is 7,251,563 and 2,791,493, respectively. Mr. Chavez s LTIP Units will vest one year from a Liquidity Event, subject to certain change in control or termination conditions. 

(2) 
 Ms. Hogue s unvested stock awards consist of (i) 562,500 performance units of the Operating Partnership that vest upon satisfaction of certain performance criteria, and (ii) 102,128 LTIP Units of the Operating Partnership that vest upon the occurrence of a liquidity event and certain other requirements, all of which are subject to the terms, provisions and other requirements of the applicable performance unit or LTIP unit award agreements. On May 27, 2022, Ms. Hogue was a granted stock award of 562,500 Performance Units, the vesting of which is subject to certain market conditions. Of the 562,500 Performance Units, 281,250 Performance Units have a grant date fair value of 2,517,188 determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . For purposes of calculating the grant-date fair value of the remaining 281,250 Performance Units, the achievement of certain performance and liquidity event-based conditions was deemed not probable on the date of grant in accordance with US GAAP and, accordingly no value is included in the table for these awards. On August 23, 2022, Ms. Hogue was granted 102,128 LTIP Units, the vesting of which is subject to completion of a Liquidity Event which was deemed not probable on the grant date in accordance with US GAAP and certain service-based conditions. Assuming achievement of the performance, service and liquidity event conditions, the grant date fair value of the 281,250 Performance Units and the LTIP awards is 4,350,938 and 1,674,899, respectively. Ms. Hogue s LTIP Units will vest one year from a Liquidity Event, subject to certain change in control or termination conditions. 

66

Table of Contents 

POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 
 Our Employment Agreements and certain of the LTIP Unit Award Agreements provide for severance payments and vesting of units of the Operating Partnership (which are convertible into shares of our common stock) to our named executive officers in certain circumstances in connection with a qualifying termination, including following a change in control of the Company as further described below. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 2021 Employment Agreements 
 
 In connection with their employment, the Company entered into employment agreements (collectively, the 2021 Employment Agreements with each of Manuel Chavez and Stephanie Hogue on August 25, 2021. The previous Compensation Committee retained an independent compensation consultant in 2021 to assist in determining Mr. Chavez s and Ms. Hogue s compensation packages under the 2021 Employment Agreements. 
 
 The following is a brief summary and discussion of the terms of the 2021 Employment Agreements, as amended: 
 
 Term . Each of the 2021 Employment Agreements provides for a three-year initial term that commences on the Employment Effective Date (as defined in each of the 2021 Employment Agreements) and ends on the third anniversary of such date. Thereafter, the employment term extends automatically for successive one-year periods unless either the executive or the Company provides notice of non-renewal to the other party at least ninety (90) days before the end of the then-existing term. 
 
 Duties . The 2021 Employment Agreements provide that the Chief Executive Officer and the President will perform duties and provide services to us that are customarily associated with the duties, authorities and responsibilities of persons in similar positions as well as such other duties as may be assigned from time to time. The 2021 Employment Agreements also provide that the executives generally will devote substantially all of their business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company, except that the executives may engage in certain outside activities that do not materially interfere with the performance of their duties, including serving as an officer and other capacities with respect to Color Up and its affiliates. 
 
 Compensation . The 2021 Employment Agreements provide that the Chief Executive Officer and President will receive an annual initial base salary of 600,000 and 450,000, respectively. The Chief Executive Officer and President will be eligible to receive a target annual bonus of not more than 33.33 of their base salary, and each will be eligible to receive an annual equity award of not more than 1,000,000, and 600,000 in restricted shares of common stock, respectively. Each annual equity award shall vest equally in annual installments over a three-year period. The amounts and conditions for the payment and vesting (as applicable) of each target annual incentive award and each annual equity award will be determined by the Compensation Committee. The Chief Executive Officer and President have the right to elect to receive their base salary and their target annual bonus payments in the form of restricted shares of common stock. The Compensation Committee has the discretion to award any compensation set forth in the 2021 Employment Agreements in shares of the Company or in limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership, including LTIP Units and Performance Units (each as defined in the Partnership Agreement). Each of the executives will be eligible to participate in employee benefit programs made available to the Company s employees from time to time and to receive certain other perquisites, each as set forth in their respective 2021 Employment Agreements. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer and the President will receive 2,000,000 and 1,200,000 in unvested restricted shares of common stock, respectively, which shares shall vest only upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event, within three years of the effective date of the 2021 Employment Agreements, provided that the Chief Executive Officer and President, respectively, remain employed with the Company on the date of the Liquidity Event, unless such officer is terminated by the Company without Cause or resigns for Good Reason within 180 days of a Liquidity Event. The Compensation Committee retained an independent compensation consultant to assist in determining the Chief Executive Officer s and President s compensation packages. 
 
 On August 23, 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment to the 2021 Employment Agreements (collectively, the First Amendments ). Pursuant to the terms of the First Amendments, among other things, each of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue acknowledged that: (i) the Company s grant of LTIP Units pursuant to the LTIP Agreements to each of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue is in lieu and full satisfaction of the Company s obligation to issue to them restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock as set forth therein; (ii) the Compensation Committee of the Board has the discretion to award any compensation pursuant to the 2021 Employment Agreements in shares of the Company s Common Stock or in limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership; and (iii) the potential merger of the Company with or into MIT, would not constitute a Change in Control (as defined in the 2021 Employment Agreements). 
 
 On December 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amendment (collectively, the Second Amendments to the 2021 Employment Agreements. Pursuant to the terms of the Second Amendments, among other things, each of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue acknowledged that: (i) the 170,213 and 102,128 LTIP Units, respectively, previously granted to Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue, will vest in full only upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event prior to August 25, 2024, provided that the executive remains continuously employed with the Company, the Operating Partnership or an affiliate through the one year anniversary of the Liquidity Event, unless the executive is terminated by the Company, the Operating Partnership or such affiliate without Cause or resigns for Good Reason within one hundred and eighty (180) days of a Liquidity Event or one year after the Liquidity Event; and (ii) the Merger will not constitute a Change in Control. 
 
 Severance Payments . The 2021 Employment Agreements provide that, subject to the execution of a release and other conditions set forth in the 2021 Employment Agreements, upon a qualifying termination (as defined in the 2021 Employment Agreements), the executives will be entitled to severance based on a multiple of the total of each executive s then-current annual base salary plus the amount of the Target Bonus Amount (as defined in the 2021 Employment Agreements) for the Company s most recently completed fiscal year prior to termination (referred to herein as total cash compensation ). If the qualifying termination results from the death or disability of the executive, the executive will be entitled to severance equal to one times (1x) their total cash compensation. If the executive is terminated by the Company without Cause, the executive quits for Good Reason or the Company elects not to renew the term of the 2021 Employment Agreements, then the executive will be entitled to severance equal to two times (2x) their total cash compensation. In the event that any qualifying termination occurs on or within twelve (12) months after a change in control of the Company, the executives will be entitled to severance equal to three times (3x) their total cash compensation. 

67

Table of Contents 

Upon termination where severance is due and payable, the 2021 Employment Agreements also provide that the executives will be entitled to receive (a) unpaid base salary earned through the termination date; (b) any restricted shares of common stock that have vested as of the termination date; (c) all other equity-based awards held by executive, to the extent subject to time-based vesting, will vest in full at the termination date; (d) health insurance coverage, including through COBRA, for an 18 month period following the termination date; and (e) reimbursements of unpaid business expenses. 
 
 Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality . The 2021 Employment Agreements provide that for a two-year period following the termination of an executive s employment with us, each of the executives will not solicit our employees or consultants or any of our customers, vendors or other parties doing business with us. Pursuant to the 2021 Employment Agreements, each of the executives has agreed not to compete with us for a period of two years following the termination of their employment with us. Each 2021 Employment Agreement also contains covenants relating to the treatment of confidential information, company property and certain other matters. The 2021 Employment Agreements also contain a non-disparagement covenant. 
 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 In fiscal 2022, each independent director earned an annual retainer of 70,000, pro-rated for any partial year of service. An additional 15,000 was earned by the chair of the audit committee and 10,000 was earned by the chairs of the compensation committee and the nominating and governance committee, pro-rated for any partial year of service. The Board has determined that, unless otherwise elected by the directors, the independent directors shall receive their annual retainer in the form of LTIP Units of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 All directors receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the Board. Directors who are also employees of the Company are not entitled to any compensation for services rendered as a director. 
 
 Independent Directors 
 
 On May 27, 2022, the Compensation Committee and the Board each approved long-term incentive equity awards in the form of LTIP Units to each of the Company s non-employee directors with respect to their accrued but unpaid director compensation fees as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Accrued Director Fees ). The Compensation Committee and the Board approved the issuance of LTIP Units in an amount determined based on each such director s Accrued Director Fees divided by 11.75, which was the Company s latest NAV per share of the Company s Common Stock determined by the Board as of such date. The LTIP Units vest ratably in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, with vesting accelerating in the event of death, disability, retirement or a change in control, other than certain transactions whereby voting securities of the Company continue to represent a majority of the combined voting power of the successor entity after the transaction or in which no person or group owns 50 of the combined voting power of the successor entity. On February 28, 2023, the Compensation Committee awarded each non-employee director the LTIP Units for their accrued director fees for fiscal 2022, which were determined based on their fees earned from their annual retainer divided by 14.76, which is the Company s current NAV determined by the Board in August 2022. 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to our independent director compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Fees Earned or 

Paid in Cash 

Stock Awards 

Total 

Name 
 
 ) (2) 

) (3) 

) 

Jeffrey B. Osher 

80,000 

24,583 

104,583 

Lorrence Kellar 

85,000 

28,333 

113,333 

Danica Holley 

70,000 

23,333 

93,333 

Damon Jones 

80,000 

24,583 

104,583 

Shawn Nelson (1) 

70,000 

13,007 

83,007 

Total 

385,000 

113,839 

498,839 

(1) 
 Effective December 31, 2022, Mr. Shawn Nelson retired from the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee determined Mr. Nelson s retirement was a qualifying termination under Mr. Nelson s LTIP Unit Award Agreement dated May 27, 2022 (for his fiscal 2021 accrued director fees) and his LTIP Unit Award Agreement dated February 28, 2023 (for his fiscal 2022 accrued director fees) and accelerated the vesting of his LTIP Units thereunder. 

(2) 
 Reflects stock awards granted in May 2022 for services provided through December 31, 2021. Director compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was accrued and paid on February 28, 2023 in the form of LTIP Units in the following amounts: Jeff Osher 5,420; Lorrence Kellar 5,758; Danica Holley 4,742; Damon Jones 5,420; and Shawn Nelson 4,742. 

(3) 
 Amounts reflect the fair value of LTIP Units of the Operating Partnership awarded to the independent directors on May 27, 2022 for accrued but unpaid director fees from August 21, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 

68

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 The Company s board of directors has adopted a long-term incentive plan (the Plan which the Company may use to attract and retain qualified directors, officers, employees and consultants. The Plan will offer these individuals an opportunity to participate in the Company s growth through awards in the form of, or based on, the Company s common stock. There are no awards outstanding under the Plan and the Company currently does not anticipate that it will issue awards under the Plan, although it may do so in the future, including possible equity grants to the Company s independent directors as a form of compensation. 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The following table sets forth the total number and percentage of common stock beneficially owned as of March 22, 2022, by: 

Each director; 

Each of our named executive officers set forth in the section entitled Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table in this Annual Report; and 

All current executive officers and directors as a group. 

Common Shares Beneficially Owned 

Name and Address 
 
 Number 

Percent 

Manuel Chavez 1 

2,624,831 

33.81 

Stephanie Hogue 1 

2,624,831 

33.81 

Jeffrey B. Osher 1 

2,624,831 

33.81 

Lorrence T. Kellar 

Danica Holley 

Damon Jones 

David Garfinkle 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 

2,624,831 

33.81 

Unless otherwise noted, (i) the percentage ownership is calculated based on 7,762,375 shares of our total outstanding Common Stock as of March 17, 2023, and (ii) the business address of the individuals named above is c/o Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, 30 W. 4 th Street, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202. 

1 
 Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC by Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue, Mr. Osher, Color Up and HSCP Strategic III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and member of Color Up HS3 ), on November 9, 2021, as amended. The shares of Common Stock are directly owned by Color Up. The amounts reported in the above table exclude and are not diluted for the: (i) the 7,495,090 shares of Common Stock which may be issued to Color Up upon redemption of the 7,495,090 OP Units of the Operating Partnership of which the Company is the sole general partner; (ii) the 1,702,128 shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon redemption of the 1,702,128 OP Units issued to HS3 on November 4, 2021 in the Securities Purchase Transaction; (iii) the 425,532 shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon redemption of the 425,532 Additional OP Units which HS3 may purchase upon exercise of the 425,532 Class A Units issued to HS3 on November 2, 2021 in the Securities Purchase Transaction, subject to adjustment as provided in the Class A Unit Agreement; (iv) the 411,967 shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon redemption of the 411,967 OP Units which may be issued upon the conversion of LTIP Units held by Chavez, Osher and Hogue, and (v) 1,500,000 OP Units which may be issued upon the conversion of the Performance Units held by Chavez and Hogue. The Issuer may elect, at its option, to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares of Common Stock for all or any redeemed OP Units, all as further described below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . The Company may elect, at its option, to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares of Common Stock for all or any redeemed OP Units. The amounts included in the above table also exclude the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants held by Color Up. Color Up has sole dispositive power over all 2,624,831 shares of Common Stock and sole voting power over all 2,624,831 shares of Common Stock. Each of Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue, Mr. Osher and HS3 has shared dispositive power over all shares of Common Stock and shared voting power over all shares of Common Stock. 

69

Table of Contents 

Principal Stockholders 
 
 Shown below is certain information as of March 17, 2023, with respect to beneficial ownership, as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of shares of Common Stock by the only persons or entities known to us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. Unless otherwise noted, the percentage ownership is calculated based on 7,762,375 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 17, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent of Class 

Color Up, LLC 1 
 Sole voting and investment power of 2,624,831 shares 1 

33.81 

Manuel Chavez 

Stephanie Hogue 

Jeffrey B. Osher 

30 W. 4th Street 

Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 

HSCP Strategic III, L.P. 1 
 Shared investment power of 2,624,831 shares 1 

33.81 

503 Montgomery Street, Suite 1250 

San Francisco, California 94111 

1 
 Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC by Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue, Mr. Osher, Color Up and HSCP Strategic III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and member of Color Up HS3 ), on November 9, 2021, as amended. The shares of Common Stock are directly owned by Color Up. The amounts reported in the above table exclude and are not diluted for the: (i) the 7,495,090 shares of Common Stock which may be issued to Color Up upon redemption of the 7,495,090 OP Units of the Operating Partnership of which the Company is the sole general partner; (ii) the 1,702,128 shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon redemption of the 1,702,128 OP Units issued to HS3 on November 4, 2021 in the Securities Purchase Transaction; (iii) the 425,532 shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon redemption of the 425,532 Additional OP Units which HS3 may purchase upon exercise of the 425,532 Class A Units issued to HS3 on November 2, 2021 in the Securities Purchase Transaction, subject to adjustment as provided in the Class A Unit Agreement; (iv) the 411,967 shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon redemption of the 411,967 OP Units which may be issued upon the conversion of LTIP Units held by Chavez, Osher and Hogue, and (v) 1,500,000 OP Units which may be issued upon the conversion of the Performance Units held by Chavez and Hogue. The Issuer may elect, at its option, to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares of Common Stock for all or any redeemed OP Units, all as further described below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . The Company may elect, at its option, to pay cash in lieu of issuing shares of Common Stock for all or any redeemed OP Units. The amounts included in the above table also exclude the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants held by Color Up. Color Up has sole dispositive power over all 2,624,831 shares of Common Stock and sole voting power over all 2,624,831 shares of Common Stock. Each of Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue, Mr. Osher and HS3 has shared dispositive power over all shares of Common Stock and shared voting power over all shares of Common Stock. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 The descriptions of agreements in this Certain Related Person Transactions section do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, reference to the actual agreements, copies of certain of which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report and other filings with the SEC. 
 
 A related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) or a proposed transaction in which (i) we were, are or will be a participant, (ii) the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1.0 of the average of the Company s total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and (iii) any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 
 A related person means any person who is, or at any time since January 1, 2021 was: 

a director, a nominee for director or an executive officer of the Company; 

known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5.0 of the outstanding shares of common stock when a transaction in which such person had a direct or indirect material interest occurred or existed; 

an immediate family member of any of the persons referenced in the preceding two bullets, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law of any of the persons referenced in the preceding two bullets, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of any of the persons referenced in the preceding two bullets; or 

a firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 10.0 or greater beneficial ownership interest. 

70

Table of Contents 

We have adopted a written Code of Ethics that describe the consideration and approval of related person transactions. Under the Code of Ethics, we may not enter into a transaction from which any director or executive officer, any member of the immediate family of any director or executive officer or other related person, may derive an improper benefit, unless that transaction has been disclosed or made known to our Board and a majority of the Board (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction reviews and approves or ratifies the transaction by affirmative vote as fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms not less favorable to the Company than those available from unaffiliated third parties. In determining whether to approve or ratify a transaction, our Board (including a majority of the Independent Directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction, as the case may be, shall also act in accordance with any applicable provisions of our Charter and Bylaws, consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances and approve only those transactions that they determine are fair and reasonable to us. All related person transactions described in this Annual Report were reviewed and approved or ratified in accordance with our policies, Code of Ethics, Charter and Bylaws, each as described above, and Maryland law. In the event of doubt, an officer or director of the company must disclose a suspected related person transaction to the Chair of the Audit Committee, or as otherwise directed in the Code of Ethics, to determine if the transaction requires the approvals set forth in the Code of Ethics. A copy of our Code of Ethics is available on our website, www.mobileIT.com. 
 
 Certain Conflict Mitigation Measures 
 
 In order to reduce or mitigate certain potential conflicts of interests, the Company has adopted the procedures set forth below, which includes procedures imposed by the NASAA REIT Guidelines. The Company will no longer be subject to the requirements of the NASAA REIT Guidelines if and when the Company lists its shares on a national securities exchange and amends the Charter. 
 
 Independent Directors 
 
 Pursuant to the NASAA REIT Guidelines, the Charter defines an independent director as a director who is not and has not for the last two years been associated, directly or indirectly, with the Sponsor or the Advisor (as such terms are defined in the Charter). A director is deemed to be associated with the Sponsor or the Advisor if he or she owns any interest in, is employed by, is an officer or director of, or has any material business or professional relationship with the Sponsor, the Advisor or any of their affiliates, performs services (other than as a director) for us, or serves as a director or trustee for more than three (3) REITs sponsored by the Sponsor or advised by the Advisor. A business or professional relationship will be deemed material per se if the gross revenue derived by the director from the Sponsor, the Advisor or any of their affiliates exceeds five percent (5 of (1) the director s annual gross revenue derived from all sources during either of the last two years or (2) the director s net worth on a fair market value basis. An indirect relationship is defined to include circumstances in which the director s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers-or fathers-in-law, sons- or daughters-in-law or brothers- or sisters-in-law is or has been associated with the Company, the Sponsor, the Advisor or any of its affiliates. See Item 10- Independent Directors of the Company concerning the Company s current independent directors, each of whom meet the above-definition of independent director. 
 
 A majority of the members of the Board, including a majority of the independent directors, must determine the method used by the Advisor for the allocation of the acquisition of investments by two or more affiliated programs seeking to acquire similar types of assets is fair and reasonable to us. The Company s independent directors, acting as a group, will resolve potential conflicts of interest whenever they determine that the exercise of independent judgment by the full Board or the Advisor or its affiliates could reasonably be compromised. However, the independent directors may not take any action which, under Maryland law, must be taken by the entire Board or which is otherwise not within their authority. The independent directors, as a group, are authorized to retain their own legal and financial advisors. Among the matters we expect the independent directors to review and act upon are: 

transactions with affiliates, including our directors and officers; 

awards under our equity incentive plan; and 

pursuit of a potential liquidity event. 

Those conflict of interest matters that cannot be delegated to the independent directors, as a group, under Maryland law must be acted upon by both the Board and the independent directors. 
 
 The Company s Acquisitions 
 
 The Company will not purchase or lease assets in which any of the Company s directors or any of their affiliates has an interest without a determination by a majority of the Company s directors (including a majority of the independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction that such transaction is fair and reasonable to us and at a price to us no greater than the cost of the asset to the Sponsor, the Advisor, the director or the affiliated seller or lessor, unless there is substantial justification for the excess amount and such excess is reasonable. In no event may the Company acquire any such asset at an amount in excess of its current appraised value. 
 
 The consideration the Company pays for real property will ordinarily be based on the fair market value of the property as determined by a majority of the members of the Board or the members of a duly authorized committee of the board. In cases in which a majority of the Company s independent directors so determine, and in all cases in which real property is acquired from any of the Company s directors or any of their affiliates, the fair market value shall be determined by an independent expert selected by the Company s independent directors not otherwise interested in the transaction. 

71

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement described below, until such time as the Stockholders Agreement is terminated, the prior approval of one Incumbent Director and a majority of the Color Up Designated Directors shall be required for certain transactions, including without limitation, (i) any merger or sale of the Company or substantially all its assets, (ii) amendments to the Company s Charter or bylaws, (iii) the authorization or issuance of any equity securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities of the Company, (iv) any change in the authorized number of directors of the Board or establishment or abolition of any committee thereof; (v) any incurrence or repayment of indebtedness in an aggregate amount over a certain threshold, (vi) any declaration of dividends, (vii) any appointment or termination of any person as the chief executive officer, president or chief financial officer of the Company, (viii) any related party transactions, (ix) any amendment or waiver, or termination of certain provisions, of the Stockholders Agreement or (x) any amendment or waiver of the Tax Matters Agreement or the Warrant Agreement, each as described below. 
 
 Loans 
 
 The Company will not make any loans to the Company s directors or officers or any of their affiliates (other than mortgage loans complying with the limitations set forth in Section V.K.3 of the NASAA REIT Guidelines or loans to wholly owned subsidiaries). In addition, the Company will not borrow from these affiliates unless a majority of the members of the Board (including a majority of the independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approves the transaction as being fair, competitive and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to us than comparable loans between unaffiliated parties. These restrictions on loans will only apply to advances of cash that are commonly viewed as loans, as determined by the Board. 
 
 Other Transactions Involving Affiliates 
 
 A majority of the Company s directors, including a majority of the independent directors not otherwise interested in the transaction, must conclude that all other transactions between the Company and the Sponsor, the Advisor, any of the Company s directors or any of their affiliates are fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company than those available from unaffiliated third parties. To the extent that the Company contemplates any transactions with affiliates, members of the Board who serve on the board of the affiliated entity will be deemed interested directors and will not participate in approving or making other substantive decisions with respect to such related party transactions. 
 
 Issuance of Options and Warrants to Certain Affiliates 
 
 Until the Company s shares of common stock are listed on a national securities exchange, the Company will not issue options or warrants to purchase our common stock to any of the Company s directors or any of their affiliates, except on the same terms as such options or warrants, if any, are sold to the general public. We may issue options or warrants to persons other than the Company s directors and their affiliates prior to listing the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange, but not at an exercise price less than the fair market value of the underlying securities on the date of grant and not for consideration (which may include services) that in the judgment of the Board has a market value less than the value of such option or warrant on the date of grant. Any options or warrants we issue to the Advisor, the Sponsor or any of their affiliates shall not exceed an amount equal to 10 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 Relationship with Color Up, Bombe and Affiliates Thereof 
 
 Prior to August 25, 2021, a special committee (the Special Committee of the Board consisting of John E. Dawson, Robert J. Aalberts and Shawn Nelson approved the Equity Purchase and Contribution Agreement (the Purchase Agreement described below. In connection with the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (collectively, the Transaction ), Messrs. Dawson, Aalberts and Shustek resigned their directorships and Manuel Chavez, Stephanie Hogue, Jeffrey B. Osher, Lorrence T. Kellar, Danica Holley and Damon Jones were elected to the Company s Board. 
 
 Color Up was formed for the purpose of consummating the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and investing in the shares of common stock. Mr. Chavez, a Manager and the Chief Executive Officer of Color Up, was elected Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective August 25, 2021. Ms. Hogue, a Manager and the President of Color Up, was elected President of the Company and a member of the Board, effective August 25, 2021 (and later as Chief Financial Officer). Both Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue are Managing Partners of Bombe. Mr. Osher, also a Manager of Color Up, was elected to the Board, effective August 25, 2021. Mr. Osher is a control person of HS3, and is portfolio manager of No Street GP LP, a registered investment adviser. On August 25, 2021, the Company also entered into the 2021 Employment Agreements with each of Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue as more fully described in this Annual Report. 
 
 As of March 17, 2023, Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher beneficially owned through Color Up, 2,624,831 shares of Common Stock, or 33.81 of the outstanding Common Stock as of such date, warrants to purchase 1,702,128 shares of Common Stock and 7,495,090 OP Units, or approximately 44.2 of the outstanding OP Units as of such date, and Mr. Osher beneficially owned through HS3 an additional 1,702,128 OP Units or approximately 10.1 of the outstanding OP Units as of such date, and 425,532 Class A Units. Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue and Mr. Osher also beneficially own certain LTIP Units and Performance Units of the Company s Operating Partnership, as further set forth in this Annual Report. 

72

Table of Contents 

Equity Purchase and Contribution Agreement 
 
 On January 8, 2021, the Company entered into an equity purchase and contribution agreement (the Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, Vestin Realty Mortgage I, Inc., VRMI Vestin Realty Mortgage II, Inc. VRMII ), and Michael V. Shustek Mr. Shustek and together with VRMI and VRMII, the Former Advisor and Color Up (the Purchaser ). The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement are referred to herein collectively as the Transaction. 
 
 The Transaction contemplated in the Purchase Agreement closed on August 25, 2021 (the Closing ). As a result of the Transaction, at Closing, the Company acquired three multi-level parking garages consisting of approximately 765 and 1,625 parking spaces located in Cincinnati Ohio and approximately 1,154 parking spaces located in Chicago, Illinois totaling approximately 1,201,000 square feet. In addition to the parking garages contributed, proprietary technology was contributed to the Company, which will provide Management real-time information on the performance of assets. Management has been implementing the contributed proprietary technology into its legacy garages. Pursuant to the Closing, the Operating Partnership issued 7,495,090 newly issued common units of the Operating Partnership (the OP Units at 11.75 per unit for total consideration of 84.1 million, net of transaction costs. The consideration received consisted of 35.0 million of cash, three parking assets with a fair value of approximately 98.8 million Contributed Interests and technology with a fair value of 4.0 million. The Company also assumed long-term debt with a fair value of approximately 44.5 million. In addition, the Company issued warrants to Color Up to purchase up to 1,702,128 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.75 for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 20 million. 
 
 Tender Offer 
 
 Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Color Up agreed that, as promptly as practicable after the Closing, it would commence the Tender Offer and the Company agreed (i) that prior to the Closing, the Board would recommend that stockholders accept the Tender Offer and (ii) to take all steps necessary to cause any offering memorandum relating to the Tender Offer to be distributed to the Company s stockholders. In the event that the Company s stockholders tender a number of shares less than the Tender Offer amount, the Company agreed to, at Color Up s sole discretion, offer to issue and sell to Color Up the Company Backstop such that Color Up may acquire a total number of shares equal to the Tender Offer amount after giving effect to the Tender Offer and the Company Backstop. 
 
 On October 5, 2021, Color Up commenced the Tender Offer upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in that certain Offer to Purchase, dated October 5, 2021 and in the related Letter of Transmittal, copies of which are attached as exhibits to Schedule TO filed with the SEC on October 5, 2021, and the Board recommended that the stockholders of the Company accept the offer by Color Up to purchase up to 900,506 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company and tender their shares of common stock pursuant to the Tender Offer. On November 8, 2021, Color Up, following the expiration of the Tender Offer on November 5, 2021, accepted for purchase an aggregate of 878,082 shares of common stock that had been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Tender Offer at 11.75 per share, or an aggregate consideration of 10,317,468. Also on November 8, 2021, the Company and Color Up entered into a subscription agreement pursuant to which Color Up purchased the remaining 22,424 shares of common stock not tendered in the Tender Offer pursuant to the Company Backstop at 11.75 per share, or an aggregate consideration of 263,482. 
 
 In connection with the Tender Offer, the Company s Board of Directors agreed to reimburse Color Up for the fees and costs incurred in connection with the Tender Offer. The Company paid approximately 0.1 million as reimbursement of such tender offer fees and expenses. 
 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 
 The Company entered into the Stockholder s Agreement, pursuant to which, until such time as the Stockholders Agreement is terminated, the prior approval of one Incumbent Director and a majority of the Color Up Designated Directors shall be required for certain transactions, including without limitation, (i) any merger or sale of the Company or substantially all its assets, (ii) amendments to the Company s Charter or Bylaws, (iii) the authorization or issuance of any equity securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable for equity securities of the Company, (iv) any change in the authorized number of directors of the Board or establishment or abolition of any committee thereof; (v) any incurrence or repayment of indebtedness in an aggregate amount over a certain threshold, (vi) any declaration of dividends, (vii) any appointment or termination of any person as the chief executive officer, president or chief financial officer of the Company, (viii) any related party transactions, (ix) any amendment or waiver, or termination of certain provisions, of the Stockholders Agreement or (x) any amendment or waiver of the Tax Matters Agreement or the Warrant Agreement, each as described below. 
 
 The Stockholders Agreement also contains certain standstill provisions restricting, subject to certain customary exclusions, Color Up from, among other things, acquiring (or seeking or making any proposal or offer with respect to acquiring) additional shares of common stock or any security convertible into common stock or any assets of the Company. In addition, the Company has agreed that, in the event the Company proposes to issue additional securities, Color Up will have the right to purchase an amount of securities so that its ownership percentage will not be diluted by the issuance of additional securities. Under the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, except for limited circumstances, Color Up is prohibited from selling or transferring its shares of common stock until six months following a Liquidity Event (defined as an initial public offering or a listing of the shares of common stock on a national securities exchange). A transfer of any of Color Up s shares of common stock to a Permitted Transferee (defined to include any member of Color Up) is permissible under the Stockholders Agreement. Except for the transfer restrictions set forth above, the Stockholders Agreement terminates upon a Liquidity Event or written agreement of the parties. Until a Liquidity Event and subject to certain limited exceptions, Color Up (and its Permitted Transferees) are prohibited from, directly or indirectly, (i) having an ownership interest in, or permitting such party s name to be used in connection with, any business in any central business district in North America which is primarily engaged in the business of acquiring, investing in, owning, operating or leasing parking lots or parking garages and (ii) soliciting or attempting to solicit any clients or customers of the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the purpose of diverting their business or service from the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company, the Operating Partnership and Color Up entered into the Tax Matters Agreement (the Tax Matters Agreement ), pursuant to which the Operating Partnership agreed to indemnify Color Up and certain affiliates and transferees of Color Up (together, the Protected Partners against certain adverse tax consequences in connection with (1) (i) a taxable disposition of certain specified properties and (ii) certain dispositions of the Protected Partners interest in the Operating Partnership, in each case, prior to the tenth anniversary of the completion of the Transaction (or earlier, if certain conditions are satisfied); and (2) the Operating Partnership s failure to provide the Protected Partners the opportunity to guarantee a specified amount of debt of the Operating Partnership during the period ending on the tenth anniversary of the completion of the Transaction (or earlier, if certain conditions are satisfied). In addition, and for so long as the Protected Partners own at least 20 of the units in the Operating Partnership received in the Transaction, the Company agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Protected Partners with similar guarantee opportunities. 

73

Table of Contents 

Warrant Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company entered into a Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company issued the Common Stock Warrants to Color Up to purchase up to 1,702,128 of the Company s shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of 11.75 per share for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 20,000,000. Each whole Warrant entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Common Stock at a price of 11.75 per Share (the Warrant Price ), subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time following a Liquidity Event, which is defined as an initial public offering and/or listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (each, a Trading Market ). The Common Stock Warrants expire five years after the date of the Warrant Agreement, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. The Warrant Agreement provides that if the exercise of the Common Stock Warrants would require the Company to obtain stockholder approval pursuant to any applicable listing standards of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed, the Company will, at its discretion, either obtain such stockholder approval or deliver cash in lieu of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of such Warrant. If the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, or by a split of outstanding shares of Common Stock or other similar event, or decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each Warrant shall be increased or decreased, as applicable, in proportion to such increase or decrease, as applicable, in outstanding shares of Common Stock. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Common Stock Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the Warrant Price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Common Stock Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. The Warrant Agreement further provides that, in lieu of issuing fractional shares, the Company will make a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of one share of Common Stock multiplied by such fraction. 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, and HS3, pursuant to which, on November 2, 2021 (the Securities Purchase Closing Date ), the Operating Partnership issued and sold to HS3 (a) 1,702,128 newly-issued OP Units; and (b) 425,532 newly-issued Class A units of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership Class A Units which entitle HS3 to purchase up to 425,532 additional OP Units (the Additional OP Units at an exercise price equal to 11.75 per Additional OP Unit, subject to adjustment as provided in the Class A Unit Agreement (as defined below), and HS3 paid to the Operating Partnership cash consideration of 20,000,000 (the Securities Purchase Transaction ). The Securities Purchase Agreement Transaction and the Securities Purchase Agreement and related agreements were evaluated, negotiated and unanimously approved by the members of the Board who were determined by the Board to be disinterested with respect to the Securities Purchase Transaction and the Board. 
 
 Under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the parties made customary representations and warranties for transactions of this type. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the representations and warranties made under the Securities Purchase Agreement will survive for six months after the Securities Purchase Closing Date and the Company and the Operating Partnership, on one hand, and HS3, on the other hand, will indemnify each other party and certain of their respective representatives against losses arising out of certain material breaches of, and certain third party claims related to, the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Securities Purchase Transactions. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the OP Units and the Class A Units under the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Board amended and restated the limited exception to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of common stock set forth in the Charter previously granted to Color Up, HS3 and certain of its affiliates to allow these parties to own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, up to 15,200,000 shares of common stock (the Excepted Holder Limit and up to five percent (5 of any outstanding class of preferred stock of the Company. The grant of this exception is conditioned upon the receipt of various representations and covenants set forth in the Request for Waiver of Ownership Limit, made by Color Up and HS3 to the Company, confirming, among other things, that none of HS3, Color Up, nor certain of their affiliates may own, directly or indirectly, more than 4.9 of the interests in a tenant of the Company (or subsidiary of the Company) that comprises more than three percent (3 of the gross income of the Company as determined for purposes of Section 856(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The request also includes representations intended to confirm that the Purchaser, Color Up, and certain of their affiliates ownership of common stock will not cause the Company to otherwise fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 The Company terminated its existing registration rights agreement dated as of March 29, 2019, and on August 25, 2021, entered into a separate Registration Rights Agreement with Color Up (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company granted the Holders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) certain registration rights with respect to the Registrable Securities (as defined below) of the Company. Among other things, the Registration Rights Agreement requires the Company to register (i) the shares of Common Stock purchased pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, (ii) shares of Common Stock, if any, issued upon the redemption of OP Units purchased pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, (iii) shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Tender Offer, (iv) shares of Common Stock issuable upon redemption of the Common Stock Warrants, (v) the Common Stock Warrants and (vi) any additional securities issued or issuable as a dividend or distribution on, in exchange for, or otherwise in respect of, such shares of Common Stock and OP Units (including as a result of combinations, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations, stock splits or otherwise) (collectively, the Registrable Securities ). The Holders are entitled to make a written demand for registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their Registrable Securities; provided, however, that the Company is not required to file a registration statement prior to (x) 180 days after the initial listing of the Registrable Securities on a national securities exchange or (y) the expiration of any other lock-up period imposed with respect to the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement. In addition, the Holders are entitled to piggy-back registration rights to registration statements filed by the Company. The Company will bear all of the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statement. 

74

Table of Contents 

On November 2, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement with Color Up and HS3 (the A R Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company granted the Holders (as defined in the A R Registration Rights Agreement) certain registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable upon redemption of Additional OP Units issued upon exercise of the Class A Units in addition to the other Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement described above). 
 
 Operating Partnership Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership to facilitate the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and to admit Color Up as a limited partner. 
 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company, the Operating Partnership, Color Up and HS3 entered into a Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership to facilitate the Securities Purchase Transaction which, among other things, provided for the issuance by the Operating Partnership of Class A Units having the rights and preferences as may be set forth in a Class A Unit agreement. 
 
 On March 18, 2022, the Company, the Operating Partnership and the other limited partners entered into a Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership to change the name of the Operating Partnership to Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and to reflect the merger of MVP REIT II Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, with and into the Company with the Company surviving, such that the Company was the sole, direct general partner of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Class A Unit Agreement 
 
 The Operating Partnership issued the Class A Units pursuant to a Class A Unit agreement (the Class A Unit Agreement also dated as of the Securities Purchase Closing Date, which provides that each whole Class A Unit entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase one whole OP Unit at a price of 11.75 per share (the Class A Unit Price ), subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time following a Liquidity Event, which is defined as an initial public offering and/or listing of the common stock of the Company on a Trading Market. The Class A Units expire five years after the date of the Class A Unit Agreement, at 5:00 PM, New York City time. The Class A Units may also be exercised on a cashless basis by surrendering Additional OP Units in lieu of payment of the aggregate Class A Unit Price at the Purchaser s election. If the number of outstanding OP Units is increased by a dividend payable in OP Units, or by a split-up of OP Units or other similar event, or decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse split or reclassification of OP Units or other similar event, then the number of Additional OP Units issuable on exercise of each Class A Unit shall be increased or decreased, as applicable, in proportion to such increase or decrease, as applicable, in outstanding OP Units. Whenever the number of Additional OP Units purchasable upon the exercise of the Class A Units is adjusted, as described above, the Class A Unit Price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Class A Unit Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of OP Units redeemable upon the exercise of the Class A Units immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock so redeemable immediately thereafter. The Class A Unit Agreement further provides that, in lieu of issuing fractional units, the Operating Partnership will make a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Class A Unit Agreement) of one OP Unit multiplied by such fraction. 
 
 License Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company entered into a Software License and Development Agreement (the License Agreement with an affiliate of Bombe (the Supplier ), pursuant to which the Company granted to the Supplier a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right and license to access certain software and services for a fee of 5,000 per month. 
 
 Assignment of Litigation Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company also entered into an Assignment of Claims, Causes of Action, and Proceeds Agreement (the Assignment of Litigation Agreement pursuant to which (i) the Company assigned to the Former Advisor all of the Company s right, title, interest, and benefits, whether legal, equitable, or otherwise, in and to any and all of the claims and causes of action that the Company may have against certain parties and any amounts that may be recovered or awarded to the Former Advisor on such claims and (ii) the Former Advisor agreed to indemnify the Company against all liabilities in connection with the assignment. 
 
 Services Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the Services Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2019, between, among others, the Company and the Advisor, to provide that upon Closing, the Advisor will be entitled to receive a one-time consulting fee in an amount equal to 800,000 in lieu of four annual payments of 200,000 for the services set forth therein. 

75

Table of Contents 

Contribution Agreement 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the Contribution Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, which was entered into in connection with the internalization of the Company s management function. Pursuant to such amendment, and in connection with the Closing of the Transaction and the entry by the Company into the settlement of putative class action litigation in which the Company is a defendant, the Advisor agreed to surrender its claim to 400,000 shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be due to the Advisor from the Company on December 31, 2021. 
 
 Merger Agreement with Mobile Infrastructure Trust 
 
 On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between the Company and Mobile Infrastructure Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust MIT ), which is 100 owned by Bombe Asset Management LLC Bombe ), an Ohio limited liability company owned by Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue. On September 26, 2022, the Company and MIT entered into an amended and restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (as so amended and restated, the MIT Merger Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company proposed to merge with and into MIT, with MIT continuing as the surviving entity resulting from the merger. On December 13, 2022, the MIT Merger Agreement was terminated pursuant to the proposed Merger. 
 
 Color Up Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 On December 13, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III, a Cayman Islands exempted company FWAC ), Queen Merger Corp. I, a Maryland corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of FWAC Merger Sub ), and the Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Color Up entered into a lock-up agreement Color Up Lock-up Agreement with the Company and FWAC. Pursuant to the Color Up Lock-up Agreement, Color Up agreed, among other things, that their shares received as MIC Common Stock Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement) may not be transferred until, subject to certain customary exceptions, the earlier to occur of (a) six (6) months following closing and (b) the date after the closing on which FWAC completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of FWAC s shareholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in FWAC for cash, securities or other property. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 There were no family relationships to disclose for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 Two of the Company s Cincinnati assets, 1W7 Carpark and 222W7, are currently operated by PCA, Inc., d/b/a Park Place Parking. Park Place Parking is a private parking operator that is wholly owned by relatives of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Manuel Chavez. Mr. Chavez is neither an owner nor a beneficiary of Park Place Parking. Park Place Parking has been operating these assets for four and three years, respectively. Both assets were acquired with their management agreements in place and at the same terms under which they were operating prior to the Transaction. As of January 1, 2023, both assets are operating under the New Lease Structure and are no longer separately managed. 
 
 The Company has an investment in MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot, DST, a Delaware Statutory Trust MVP St. Louis ). Pursuant to the Closing, the Former Advisor and Mr. Shustek, were replaced as manager of MVP Parking, DST, LLC, the entity that manages MVP St. Louis, by the Company's CEO. 
 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with MIT, an affiliate of Bombe, requiring the Company to be allocated, bear and (where practicable) pay directly certain costs and expenses related to the Merger and MIT IPO. As of December 31, 2022, the Company incurred costs of approximately 4.6 million, respectively, pursuant to this agreement. 
 
 In May 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with ProKids, an Ohio not-for-profit. An immediate family member of the Company s CEO is a member of the Board of Trustees and President-Elect of that organization. ProKids leased 21,000 square feet of vacant unfinished commercial space in a 531,000 square foot building in Cincinnati, Ohio for 120 months. ProKids will invest in the tenant improvements in this space and ultimately use it as their headquarters location. ProKids will have no rent due to the Company throughout the lease term, other than a rental fee on parking spaces used by the ProKids staff and visitors. As of December 31, 2022, ProKids does not owe the Company rental income related to the lease agreement. 
 
 The Company has agreed to pay for certain tax return preparation services of Color Up and certain member entities of Color Up. The Company has incurred 129,490 related to these services which is reflected in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In connection with the Transaction, the Company owes approximately 469,231 to certain member entities of Color Up relating to prorated revenues for the month of August 2021 of the three properties contributed by Color Up. The accrual was established in the fourth quarter of 2021 and is reflected within due to related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additionally, in connection with the Transaction, the Company is due approximately 156,000 from Color Up as consideration for OP Units then issued which is reflected within due from related parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

76

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Deloitte 12/31/2022 

Deloitte 12/31/2021 

Audit Fees 

514,100 

458,000 

Audit Related Fees 

376,586 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

890,686 

458,000 

Audit fees. Consists of fees billed for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, review of the Company s Form 10-K, review of the Company s interim financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 Audit-related fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees, such as acquisition audit, audit of the Company s financial statements and review of our Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the SEC. 
 
 Tax fees. Consists of professional services rendered by a company aligned with the Company s principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 
 Other fees. The services provided by the Company s accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services. 
 
 Pre-Approval Policy 
 
 The Audit Committee has direct responsibility to review and approve the engagement of the independent auditors to perform audit services or any permissible non-audit services. All audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee may not engage the independent auditors to perform specific non-audit services proscribed by law or regulation. All services performed by our independent auditors under engagements entered into were approved by the Company s Audit Committee, pursuant to the Company s pre-approval policy, and none was approved pursuant to the de minimis exception to the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act, Section 10A(i)(1)(B), on pre-approval. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following are filed as part of this Report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 
 The list of the financial statements contained herein are contained in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements on this Annual Report, which is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedule III Combined Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 Reference is made to the Exhibit Index appearing immediately before the signature page to this report for a list of exhibits filed as part of this report. 

77

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

2.1 
 Amended Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 26, 2022, between Mobile Infrastructure Trust and Mobile Infrastructure Corporation. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed September 27, 2022). 

2.2 
 Merger Termination Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2022, by and between Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and Mobile Infrastructure Trust. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.2 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 13, 2022, by and among Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III, Queen Merger Corp. I and Mobile Infrastructure Corporation. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of THE PARKING REIT, Inc. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed September 24, 2015). 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment of THE PARKING REIT, Inc. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed December 18, 2017). 

3.3 
 Articles of Amendment of MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed November 12, 2021). 

3.4 
 Certificate of Correction to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed March 21, 2022). 

3.5 
 Articles Supplementary for Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock of THE PARKING REIT, Inc. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed October 28, 2016). 

3.6 
 Articles Supplementary for Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock of THE PARKING REIT, Inc. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed March 30, 2017). 

3.7 
 Amended Restated Bylaws of MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed November 12, 2021). 

10.1 
 Third Amended Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P., dated March 18, 2022 (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022). 

10.2 
 THE PARKING REIT, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.3 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed September 24, 2015). 

10.3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.5 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed September 24, 2015). 

10.4 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2017, by and between MVP Detroit Center Garage, LLC and Bank of America, N.A. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 12, 2017). 

10.5 
 Credit Agreement, dated March 29, 2022, among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P., the other subsidiary borrowers party thereto, KeyBanc Capital Markets, and KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent and lender (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 1, 2022). 

10.6 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated November 17, 2022, by and among Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and KeyBank National Association. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed November 22, 2022). 

10.7 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022) 

10.8 
 Form of LTIP Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022). 

10.9 
 Form of LTIP Unit Agreement (Liquidity Event) among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and participant. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed August 26, 2022). 

10.10 
 First Amendment to Form of LTIP Unit Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and Manuel Chavez. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

10.11 
 First Amendment to Form of LTIP Unit Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and Stephanie Hogue. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

78

Table of Contents 

10.12 
 Amended Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated November 2, 2021, by and among The Parking REIT, Inc. and the Holders (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

10.13 
 Equity Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated January 8, 2021, by and among The Parking REIT, Inc., MVP REIT II Operating Partnership, L.P., Michael V. Shustek, Vestin Realty Mortgage II, Inc., Vestin Realty Mortgage I, Inc. and Color Up, LLC (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 14, 2021). 

10.14 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and between The Parking REIT, Inc., MPV REIT II Operating Partnership, L.P., and each Protected Partner (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 31, 2021). 

10.15 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and between The Parking REIT, Inc. and the Investors identified on the signature pages thereto (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed August 31, 2021). 

10.16 
 Assignment of Claims, Causes of Action, and Proceeds, dated August 25, 2021, by The Parking REIT, Inc. in favor of Michael V. Shustek, MVP Realty Advisors, LLC, Vestin Realty Mortgage I, Inc., Vestin Realty Mortgage II, Inc. and their designees, successors, representatives, heirs and assigns (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed August 31, 2021). 

10.17 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and between The Parking REIT, Inc. and Color Up, LLC (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed August 31, 2021). 

10.18 
 Software License and Development Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and between The Parking REIT, Inc. and DIA Land Co., LLC (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed August 31, 2021). 

10.19 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and between The Parking REIT, Inc., and Manuel Chavez (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.10 to Form 8-K filed August 31, 2021). 

10.20 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and between The Parking REIT, Inc., and Stephanie Hogue (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.11 to Form 8-K filed August 31, 2021). 

10.21 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 2, 201, by and among The Parking REIT, Inc., MVP REIT II Operating Partnership, L.P. and HSCP Strategic III, L.P. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

10.22 
 Class A Unit Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and between MVP REIT II Operating Partnership, L.P. and HSCP Strategic III, L.P. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed November 4, 2021). 

10.23 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 23, 2022, among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and Manuel Chavez. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 26, 2022). 

10.24 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 23, 2022, among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and Stephanie Hogue. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed August 26, 2022). 

10.25 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and Manuel Chavez. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

10.26 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, among Mobile Infrastructure Corporation, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. and Stephanie Hogue. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

10.27 
 Form of Sponsor Lock-up Agreement, by and among Fifth Wall Acquisition Sponsor III LLC, Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III and Mobile Infrastructure Corporation. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

10.28 
 Form of Seller Lock-up Agreement, by and among Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III, Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and certain holders of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

10.29 
 Sponsor Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, by and among Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III, Fifth Wall Acquisition Sponsor III LLC and certain holders of Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III s Class B ordinary shares. (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed December 14, 2022). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

31.1( 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a)(17 CFR 240.15d-14(a)) and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2( 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a)(17 CFR 240.15d-14(a)) and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32( 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed concurrently herewith. 

Management compensatory agreement 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon request. 

79

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Manuel Chavez 

Manuel Chavez 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Stephanie Hogue 

Stephanie Hogue 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March 22, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Manuel Chavez 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 

Manuel Chavez 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Stephanie Hogue 
 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 22, 2023 

Stephanie Hogue 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Kyle Brown 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 22, 2023 

Kyle Brown 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Lorrence T. Kellar 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 

Lorrence T. Kellar 

/s/ Jeffrey B. Osher 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 

Jeffrey B. Osher 

/s/ Danica Holley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 

Danica Holley 

/s/ Damon Jones 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 

Damon Jones 

/s/ David Garfinkle 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 

David Garfinkle 

80

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_455347.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_455347.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

MVP PF Memphis Poplar 2013, LLC 

Minneapolis Venture, LLC 

MVP Louisville Station Broadway, LLC 

MVP PF St. Louis 2013, LLC 

MVP Indianapolis Meridian Lot, LLC 

White Front Garage Partners, LLC 

Mabley Place Garage, LLC 

MVP Milwaukee Clybourn, LLC 

Cleveland Lincoln Garage, LLC 

MVP Denver Sherman, LLC 

MVP Milwaukee Arena Lot, LLC 

MVP Houston Preston Lot, LLC 

MVP Fort Worth Taylor, LLC 

MVP Clarksburg Lot, LLC 

MVP Houston San Jacinto Lot, LLC 

MVP Milwaukee Old World, LLC 

MVP Denver 1935 Sherman, LLC 

MVP Detroit Center Garage, LLC 

MVP Houston Saks Garage, LLC 

MVP Bridgeport Fairfield Garage, LLC 

MVP St. Louis Broadway, LLC 

MVP Milwaukee Wells, LLC 

West 9 th Street Properties II, LLC 

St. Louis Seventh Cerre, LLC 

MVP Wildwood NJ Lot, LLC 

MCI 1372 Street, LLC 

MVP Preferred Parking, LLC 

MVP Indianapolis City Park Garage, LLC 

MVP Cincinnati Race Street Garage, LLC 

MVP Raider Park Garage, LLC 

MVP Indianapolis Washington Street Lot, LLC 

MVP St. Louis Washington, LLC 

MVP New Orleans Rampart, LLC 

Minneapolis City Parking, LLC 

MVP St. Paul Holiday Garage, LLC 

MVP Hawaii Marks Garage, LLC 

St. Louis Broadway Group, LLC 

MVP St. Louis Cerre, LLC 

1W7 Carpark, LLC 

222 W 7 th Holdco, LLC 

322 Streeter Holdco, LLC 

2 nd Street Miami Garage, LLC 

Denver 1725 Champa Street Garage, LLC 

Mabley Place Garage II, LLC 

Chapman Properties, LLC 

MVP REIT II St. Louis Cardinal Lot Investment, LLC 

MVP Acquisitions, LLC 

Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P. 

Mobile Intermediate Holdings, LLC 

Mobile Infra Holdings, LLC 
			 
			 222 Sheridan Bricktown Garage, LLC 

MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot, DST 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_455348.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_455348.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Manuel Chavez, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this this Form 10-K of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Manuel Chavez 

Manuel Chavez 

Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex_455349.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_455349.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Stephanie Hogue, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this this Form 10-K of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Stephanie Hogue 

Stephanie Hogue 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

			 Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex_455350.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex_455350.htm 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

Manuel Chavez, as Chief Executive Officer of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation (the Registrant ), and Stephanie Hogue, as President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Registrant s Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Manuel Chavez 

Manuel Chavez 

Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Stephanie Hogue 

Stephanie Hogue 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

			 Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 minf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 minf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 minf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 minf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 minf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

