<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1114927_0001140361-23-011153.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18794184</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>315228</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2217288</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7723115</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4103584</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3594424</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-011153.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310143409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-011153
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001114927
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				680450397
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30707
		FILM NUMBER:		23723142

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 N FIRST STREET
		CITY:			DIXON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95620
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7076783041

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 N FIRST STREET
		CITY:			DIXON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95620

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-011153.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 brhc10049491_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _________ to __________.

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

- 

(Registrant s telephone number including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading symbols(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

None

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the
 definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
 correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
 executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes 

No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 (based upon the last reported sales price of such
 stock on the OTC Markets on June 30, 2022) was .

The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 6, 2023 was .

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Items 10, 11, 12 (as to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management), 13
 and 14 of Part III incorporate by reference information from the registrant s proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of
 Shareholders. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I

Page

Item 1

Business 

5

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

14

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

26

Item 2

Properties 

26

Item 3

Legal Proceedings 

26

Item 4

Mine Safety Disclosures 

26

PART II

Item 5

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

27

Item 6

Reserved 

29

Item 7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

30 

Item 7A

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

55

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

56

Item 9

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

109

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

109

Item 9B

Other Information 

109

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

109 

PART III

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

110

Item 11

Executive Compensation 

110

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

111

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

111

Item 14

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

111

PART IV

Item 15

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

112

Item 16

Form 10-K Summary 

114

Signatures 

115

2 

Table of Contents 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward-looking statements, which may include forecasts of our financial results and condition, expectations for our operations and business, and our assumptions for those
 forecasts and expectations. Do not rely unduly on forward-looking statements. Actual results might differ significantly compared to our forecasts and expectations. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and the other risks described in this report
 for factors to be considered when reading any forward-looking statements in this filing.

This report includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the safe harbor created by section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended. We may make forward-looking statements in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, press releases, news articles and when we are speaking on behalf of the Company. Forward-looking statements can be identified by
 the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Often, they include the words believe, expect, target, anticipate, intend, plan, seek, estimate, potential, project, or words of similar meaning, or
 future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could, might, or may. These forward-looking statements are intended to provide investors with additional information with which they may assess our future potential. All of these
 forward-looking statements are based on assumptions about an uncertain future and are based on information available to us at the date of these statements. We do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances,
 assumptions or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made.

In this document, for example, we make forward-looking statements, which discuss our expectations about:

Our business objectives, strategies and initiatives, our organizational structure, the growth of our business and our competitive position and prospects, and the effect of competition on our business and
 strategies

Our assessment of significant factors and developments that have affected or may affect our results

Legal and regulatory actions, and future legislative and regulatory developments, including the effects of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act (the
 Dodd-Frank Act ), the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the EGRRCPA ), and other legislation and governmental measures introduced in response to the financial crisis which began in 2008 and the ensuing
 recession affecting the banking system, financial markets and the U.S. economy, as well as the effect of the federal Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), enacted in March 2020, in an effort to mitigate
 the consequences of the coronavirus pandemic and the governmental actions in response to the pandemic

Regulatory and compliance controls, processes and requirements and their impact on our business

The costs and effects of legal or regulatory actions

Expectations regarding draws on performance letters of credit and liabilities that may result from recourse provisions in standby letters of credit

Our intent to sell or hold, and the likelihood that we would be required to sell, various investment securities

Our regulatory capital requirements, including the capital rules established after the 2008 financial crisis by the U.S. federal banking agencies and our current intention not to elect to
 use the community bank leverage ratio framework

Expectations regarding our non-payment of a cash dividend on our common stock in the foreseeable future

Credit quality and provision for credit losses and management of asset quality and credit risk, expectations regarding collections and expectations regarding the forgiveness and SBA
 reimbursement and guarantee of loans made under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP and the timing thereof

Our allowances for loan losses, including the conditions we consider in determining the unallocated allowance and our portfolio credit quality, the adequacy of the allowance for loan
 losses, underwriting standards, and risk grading, and the expected impact of changes in the methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses effective as to the Company on January 1, 2023

Our assessment of economic conditions and trends and credit cycles and their impact on our business

The seasonal nature of our business

3 

Table of Contents 

The impact of changes in interest rates and our strategy to manage our interest rate risk profile and the possible effect of changes in residential mortgage interest rates on new
 originations and refinancing of existing residential mortgage loans

Loan portfolio composition and risk grade trends, expected charge-offs, portfolio credit quality, our strategy regarding troubled debt restructurings TDRs ), delinquency rates and our
 underwriting standards and our expectations regarding our recognition of interest income on loans that were provided payment deferrals upon completion of the payment forbearance period

Our deposit base including renewal of time deposits

The impact on our net interest income and net interest margin of changes in interest rates

The effect of possible changes in the initiatives and policies of the federal and state bank regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other standard setters

Tax rates and the impact of changes in the U.S. tax laws, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act

Our pension and retirement plan costs

Our liquidity strategies and beliefs concerning the adequacy of our liquidity position

Critical accounting policies and estimates, the impact or anticipated impact of recent accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting principles

Expected rates of return, maturities, loss exposure, growth rates, yields, and projected results

The possible impact of weather-related or other natural conditions, including drought, fire or flooding, seismic events, and related governmental responses, including related electrical
 power outages, on economic conditions, especially in the agricultural sector

Maintenance of insurance coverages appropriate for our operations

Threats to the banking sector and our business due to cybersecurity issues and attacks and regulatory expectations related to cybersecurity

Our expectations regarding the implementation of the expected loss model for determining the allowance for credit losses

The effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S., California and global economies and the actions of governments to reduce the spread of the virus and to mitigate the resulting economic consequences

The possible adverse impacts on the banking industry and our business from a period of significant, prolonged inflation

Descriptions of assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing

There are numerous risks and uncertainties that could and will cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond our
 ability to control or predict and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or prospects. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those listed in this Note Regarding
 Forward-Looking Statements, Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors, Part II and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report and in our other reports to the SEC.

Readers of this document should not rely unduly on forward-looking information and should consider all uncertainties and risks disclosed throughout this document and in our other reports to the SEC,
 including, but not limited to, those discussed below. Any factor described in this report could by itself, or together with one or more other factors, adversely affect our business, future prospects, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 We do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, assumptions, or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made.

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1 - BUSINESS

General

First Northern Community Bancorp (the Company is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ). Its legal headquarters and principal
 administrative offices are located at 195 N. First Street, Dixon, CA 95620 and its telephone number is (707) 678-3041. The Company provides a full range of community banking services to individual and corporate customers throughout the California
 Counties of Solano, Yolo, Placer, and Sacramento as well as portions of El Dorado and Contra Costa Counties through its wholly-owned subsidiary bank, First Northern Bank of Dixon First Northern or the Bank ). The Company s operating policy
 since inception has emphasized the banking needs of individuals and small- to medium-sized businesses. In addition, the Bank owns 100 of the capital stock of Yolano Realty Corporation, a subsidiary created for the purpose of managing selected
 other real estate owned properties.

The Bank was established in 1910 under a California state charter as Northern Solano Bank, and opened for business on February 1st of that year. On January 2, 1912, the First National Bank of Dixon
 was established under a federal charter, and until 1955, the two entities operated side by side under the same roof and with the same management. In an effort to increase efficiency of operation, reduce operating expense, and improve lending
 capacity, the two banks were consolidated on April 8, 1955, with the First National Bank of Dixon as the surviving entity. On January 1, 1980, the Bank s federal charter was relinquished in favor of a California state charter, and the Bank s name
 was changed to First Northern Bank of Dixon.

In April of 2000, the shareholders of First Northern approved a corporate reorganization, which provided for the creation of the bank holding company. This reorganization, effected May 19, 2000,
 enabled the Company to better compete and grow in its competitive and rapidly changing marketplace.

The Bank has eleven full-service branches located in the cities of Auburn, Davis, Dixon, Fairfield, Rancho Cordova, Roseville, Sacramento, Vacaville, West Sacramento, Winters and Woodland. The Bank
 has one satellite banking office inside a retirement community in the city of Davis and a residential mortgage loan office in Davis. The Bank engages financial advisors, through Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., who offer non-FDIC insured
 investment and brokerage services throughout the region from offices strategically located in West Sacramento, Davis and Auburn. The Bank also has a commercial loan office in the Contra Costa County city of Walnut Creek that serves the East Bay
 Area s small- to medium-sized business lending needs. The Bank s operations center is located in Dixon and provides back-office support including information services, central operations, and the central loan department. In 2019, the Bank opened
 an additional administrative office in Sacramento.

On November 5, 2022, the Bank entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Columbia State Bank, a Washington state-chartered commercial bank Columbia and a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Columbia Banking System, Inc., to acquire three branches of Columbia located in the California towns of Colusa, Orland and Willows.

On January 20, 2023 the Company completed the acquisition of these branches. This acquisition enabled the Company to extend its existing footprint. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Bank
 acquired these branches for consideration in an amount equal to 3.15 of the average daily closing balance of the deposits for the period commencing thirty calendar days prior to the closing date and concluding on the date preceding the closing
 date plus the net book values of certain assets of Columbia and accrued interest and fees with respect to the acquired loans. At the closing of the acquisition, and subject to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Bank assumed the deposit
 liabilities related to certain accounts. The aggregate deposits assumed totaled approximately 116 million, and the aggregate principal balance of the loans acquired totaled approximately 4 million.

The Bank is in the commercial banking business and generates most of its revenue by providing a wide range of products and services to small- and medium-sized businesses and individuals including
 accepting demand, interest bearing transaction, savings, and time deposits, and making commercial, consumer, and real estate related loans. It also issues cashier s checks, rents safe deposit boxes, and provides other customary banking services.

First Northern offers a broad range of alternative investment products, fiduciary and other financial services through Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. First Northern also offers equipment
 leasing, credit cards, merchant card processing, payroll services, and limited international banking services through third parties.

5 

Table of Contents 

The Bank s principal source of revenue is interest income. Interest income is primarily derived from interest and fees on loans and leases, interest on investments, and due from banks interest bearing
 accounts. For the year ended December 31, 2022, these sources comprised approximately 76 , 16 , and 7 , respectively, of the Company s interest income.

The Bank is a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and all deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC to the maximum amount permitted by law, currently 250,000 per depositor.
 Most of the Bank s deposits are attracted from the market of northern and central Solano County, southern and central Yolo County and Placer County. The Bank s deposits are not received from a single depositor or group of affiliated depositors, the
 loss of any one which would have a materially adverse impact on the business of the Bank. A material portion of the Bank s deposits are not concentrated within a single industry group of related industries.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated assets of approximately 1.87 billion, liabilities of approximately 1.75 billion and stockholders equity of approximately 125.0 million. The
 Company and its subsidiaries employed 192 full-time-equivalent employees as of December 31, 2022. The Company and the Bank consider their relationship with their employees to be good and have not experienced any interruptions of operations due to
 labor disagreements.

Available Information

The Company makes available free of charge on its website, www.thatsmybank.com , its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to
 those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. These filings are also accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . The information found on the
 Company s website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this report into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and shall not otherwise be
 deemed filed under such Acts.

The Effect of Government Policy on Banking

The earnings and growth of the Bank are affected not only by local market area factors and general economic conditions, but also by government monetary and fiscal policies. For example, the Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB influences the supply of money through its open market operations in U.S. Government securities, adjustments to the discount rates applicable to borrowings by depository institutions and others and
 establishment of reserve requirements against both member and non-member financial institutions deposits. Such actions significantly affect the overall growth and distribution of loans, investments, and deposits and also affect interest rates
 charged on loans and paid on deposits. The nature and impact of future changes in such policies on the business and earnings of the Company cannot be predicted. Additionally, state and federal tax policies can impact banking organizations.

Because of the extensive regulation of commercial banking activities in the United States, the business of the Company is particularly susceptible to being affected by the enactment of federal and
 state legislation which may have the effect of increasing or decreasing the cost of doing business, modifying permissible activities or enhancing the competitive position of other financial institutions. Any change in applicable laws, regulations,
 or policies may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, or results of operations, or prospects of the Company.

In May 2018, the President signed into law the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the EGRRCPA which amended various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act as well as other federal banking
 statutes, and generally authorized the FRB to tailor regulation to better reflect the character of the different banking firms that the FRB supervises. In August 2018, the FRB began implementing the EGRRCPA with several interim final rules which,
 among other things, revised the FRB s Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement (the policy statement to raise the consolidated assets threshold from 1 billion to 3 billion, allowing the Company to
 qualify under the policy statement. This policy statement applies to bank holding companies with pro forma consolidated assets of less than 3 billion that (i) are not engaged in significant nonbanking activities either directly or through a
 nonbank subsidiary; (ii) do not conduct significant off-balance sheet activities (including securitization and asset management or administration) either directly or through a nonbank subsidiary; and (iii) do not have a material amount of debt or
 equity securities outstanding (other than trust preferred securities) that are registered with the SEC. This policy statement permits qualifying bank holding companies, such as the Company, to operate with higher levels of debt, facilitating the
 ability of community banks to issue debt and raise capital. Qualifying bank holding companies, such as the Company, also are permitted to be examined by a Federal banking agency every 18 months (as opposed to every 12 months) and are eligible to
 use shorter call report forms. Whether and to what extent the EGRRCPA or new legislation will result in additional regulatory initiatives and policies, or modifications of existing regulations and policies, which may impact our business, cannot be
 predicted at this time.

6 

Table of Contents 

Supervision and Regulation of Bank Holding Companies

The Company is a bank holding company subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ). The Company reports to, registers with, and is subject to supervision and examination by,
 the FRB. The FRB also has the authority to examine the Company s subsidiaries. The costs of any examination by the FRB are payable by the Company.

The FRB has significant supervisory, regulatory and enforcement authority over the Company and its affiliates. The FRB requires the Company to maintain certain levels of capital. See Capital
 Standards below for more information. The FRB also has the authority to take enforcement action against any bank holding company that commits any unsafe or unsound practice, or violates certain laws, regulations, or conditions imposed in writing
 by the FRB. See Prompt Corrective Action and Other Enforcement Mechanisms below for more information. Such enforcement powers include the power to assess civil money penalties against any bank holding company violating any provision of the BHCA
 or any regulation or order of the FRB under the BHCA. Knowing violations of the BHCA or regulations or orders of the FRB can also result in criminal penalties for the bank holding company and any individuals participating in such conduct. Under
 long-standing FRB policy and provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies are required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks, and to commit resources to support their subsidiary banks. This
 support may be required at times when a bank holding company may not have the resources to provide such support, or may not be inclined to provide such support under the then-existing circumstances.

Under the BHCA, a company generally must obtain the prior approval of the FRB before it exercises a controlling influence over a bank, or acquires, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of the voting
 shares or substantially all of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Thus, the Company is required to obtain the prior approval of the FRB before it acquires, merges, or consolidates with any bank or bank holding company. Any company
 seeking to acquire, merge, or consolidate with the Company also would be required to obtain the prior approval of the FRB.

The Company is generally prohibited under the BHCA from acquiring ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank or bank holding company and from engaging
 directly or indirectly in activities other than banking, managing banks, or providing services to affiliates of the holding company. However, a bank holding company, with the approval of the FRB, may engage, or acquire the voting shares of
 companies engaged, in activities that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. A bank holding company must demonstrate that the benefits to the public of the
 proposed activity will outweigh the possible adverse effects associated with such activity.

The FRB generally prohibits a bank holding company from declaring or paying a cash dividend which would impose undue pressure on the capital of subsidiary banks or would be funded only through
 borrowing or other arrangements that might adversely affect a bank holding company s financial position. The FRB s policy is that a bank holding company should not continue its existing rate of cash dividends on its common stock unless its net
 income is sufficient to fully fund each dividend and its prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with its capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. The Company is also subject to restrictions relating to the
 payment of dividends under California corporate law. See Restrictions on Dividends and Other Distributions below for additional restrictions on the ability of the Company and the Bank to pay dividends.

Supervision and Regulation of the Bank

The Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the Financial Institutions Division of the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI and the
 FDIC. The regulations of and laws administered by these agencies affect most aspects of the Bank s business and prescribe permissible types of loans and investments, the amount of required reserves, requirements for branch offices, the permissible
 scope of the Bank s activities and various other requirements. While the Bank is not a member of the FRB, it is directly subject to certain regulations of the FRB dealing with such matters as check clearing activities, establishment of banking
 reserves, Truth-in-Lending Regulation Z ), and Equal Credit Opportunity Regulation B ). The Bank is also subject to regulations of (although not direct supervision and examination by) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), which
 was created by the Dodd-Frank Act. Among the CFPB s responsibilities are implementing and enforcing federal consumer financial protection laws, reviewing the business practices of financial services providers for legal compliance, monitoring the
 marketplace for transparency on behalf of consumers and receiving complaints and questions from consumers about consumer financial products and services. The Dodd-Frank Act added prohibitions on unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices to
 the scope of consumer protection regulations overseen and enforced by the CFPB.

The banking industry is also subject to significantly increased regulatory controls and processes regarding the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering laws. Over the past decade, a number of
 banks and bank holding companies announced the imposition of regulatory sanctions, including regulatory agreements and cease and desist orders and, in some cases, fines and penalties, by the bank regulators due to failures to comply with the Bank
 Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering legislation. In a number of these cases, the fines and penalties have been significant. Failure to comply with these additional requirements may also adversely affect the Bank s ability to obtain
 regulatory approvals for future initiatives requiring regulatory approval, including acquisitions.

7 

Table of Contents 

Under California law, the Bank is subject to various restrictions on, and requirements regarding, its operations and administration including the maintenance of branch offices and automated teller
 machines, capital and reserve requirements, deposits and borrowings, and investment and lending activities.

California law permits a state-chartered bank to invest in the stock and securities of other corporations, subject to a state-chartered bank receiving either general authorization or, depending on the
 amount of the proposed investment, specific authorization from the DFPI. Federal banking laws, however, impose limitations on the activities and equity investments of state-chartered, federally insured banks. The FDIC rules on investments
 prohibit a state bank from acquiring an equity investment of a type, or in an amount, not permissible for a national bank. FDIC rules also prohibit a state bank from engaging as a principal in any activity that is not permissible for a national
 bank, unless the bank is adequately capitalized and the FDIC approves the activity after determining that such activity does not pose a significant risk to the deposit insurance fund. The FDIC rules on activities generally permit subsidiaries of
 banks, without prior specific FDIC authorization, to engage in those activities that have been approved by the FRB for bank holding companies because such activities are so closely related to banking to be a proper incident thereto. Other
 activities generally require specific FDIC prior approval, and the FDIC may impose additional restrictions on such activities on a case-by-case basis in approving applications to engage in otherwise impermissible activities.

The USA Patriot Act

Title III of the United and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 USA Patriot Act includes numerous provisions for fighting
 international money laundering and blocking terrorism access to the U.S. financial system. The USA Patriot Act requires certain additional due diligence and record keeping practices, including, but not limited to, new customers, correspondent and
 private banking accounts.

Part of the USA Patriot Act is the International Money Laundering Abatement and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 IMLAFATA ). Among its provisions, IMLAFATA requires each financial institution
 to: (i) establish an anti-money laundering program; (ii) establish appropriate anti-money laundering policies, procedures, and controls; (iii) appoint a Bank Secrecy Act officer responsible for day-to-day compliance; and (iv) conduct independent
 audits. In addition, IMLAFATA contains a provision encouraging cooperation among financial institutions, regulatory authorities, and law enforcement authorities with respect to individuals, entities and organizations engaged in, or reasonably
 suspected of engaging in, terrorist acts or money laundering activities. IMLAFATA expands the circumstances under which funds in a bank account may be forfeited and requires covered financial institutions to respond under certain circumstances to
 requests for information from federal banking agencies within 120 hours. IMLAFATA also amends the BHCA and the federal Bank Merger Act to require the federal banking agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s anti-money
 laundering activities when reviewing an application under these Acts.

Pursuant to IMLAFATA, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the heads of other government agencies, has adopted measures applicable to banks, bank holding companies, and/or other
 financial institutions. These measures include enhanced record keeping and reporting requirements for certain financial transactions that are of primary money laundering concern, due diligence requirements concerning the beneficial ownership of
 certain types of accounts, and restrictions or prohibitions on certain types of accounts with foreign financial institutions.

Privacy Restrictions

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA ), which became law in 1999, in addition to the previous described changes in permissible non-banking activities permitted to banks, bank holding companies and
 financial holding companies, also requires financial institutions in the U.S. to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. In general, the GLBA
 requires explanations to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information, and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibits disclosing such information except as provided in the banks policies
 and procedures and applicable law. These regulations also allow consumers to opt-out of the sharing of certain information between affiliates, and impose other requirements.

Certain state laws and regulations designed to protect the privacy and security of customer information also apply to us and our subsidiaries, including laws requiring notification to affected
 individuals and regulators of data security breaches. For additional information, see Information security breaches or other technological difficulties could adversely affect the Company in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report.

The Company believes that it complies with all provisions of GLBA and all implementing regulations, and that the Bank has developed appropriate policies and procedures to meet its responsibilities in
 connection with the privacy provisions of GLBA.

8 

Table of Contents 

California and other state legislatures have adopted privacy laws, including laws prohibiting sharing of customer information without the customer s prior permission. These laws may make it more
 difficult for the Company to share information with its marketing partners, reduce the effectiveness of marketing programs, and increase the cost of marketing programs.

In June 2018, the State of California enacted The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ). This new law became effective on January 1, 2020, and provides consumers with expansive rights and controls over
 their personal information which is obtained by or shared with covered businesses , which includes the Bank and most other banking institutions subject to California law. The CCPA gives consumers the right to request
 disclosure of information collected about them and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information subject to certain exceptions, the right to opt out of the sale of the
 consumer s personal information and the right not to be discriminated against because of choices regarding the consumer s personal information. The CCPA provides for certain monetary penalties and for its enforcement by the California Attorney
 General or consumers whose rights under the law are not observed. It also provides for damages as well as injunctive or declaratory relief if there has been unauthorized access, theft or disclosure of personal information due to failure to
 implement reasonable security procedures. The CCPA contains several exemptions, including a provision to the effect that the CCPA does not apply where the information is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to the GLBA if the GLBA is
 in conflict with the CCPA. The impact of the CCPA on the business of the Bank is yet to be determined, but it could result in increased operating expenses as well as additional exposure to the risk of litigation by or on behalf of consumers. 

In November 2020, California voters approved state-wide Proposition 24, also known as the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (the CPREA which expanded and amended certain provisions of the CCPA
 and created the California Privacy Protection Agency to enforce privacy rights for Californians and impose fines for violations of such rights. The CPREA requires businesses to not share a consumer s personal information upon the consumer s
 request, provides consumers with an opt-out option for having their sensitive personal information used or disclosed for advertising or marketing, to obtain permission for collecting data on certain minors, and to correct a consumer s inaccurate
 information upon the consumer s request. It also removed the ability of businesses to remedy violations before being penalized for violations and increased the penalties for such violations. Most of the provisions of the CPREA will take effect in
 2023 but some portions, such as the creation of the new state agency, went into effect immediately. The impact of these laws on the business of the Bank is yet to be determined, but they could result in increased operating expenses as well as
 additional exposure to the risk of litigation by or on behalf of consumers.

Capital Standards

The FRB and the federal banking agencies have in place risk-based capital standards applicable to U.S. bank holding companies and banks. In July 2013, the FRB and the other U.S. federal
 banking agencies adopted final rules making significant changes to the U.S. regulatory capital framework for U.S. banking organizations and to conform this framework to the guidelines published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision Basel
 Committee known as the Basel III Global Regulatory Framework for Capital and Liquidity. The Basel Committee is a committee of banking supervisory authorities from major countries in the global financial system which formulates broad supervisory
 standards and guidelines relating to financial institutions for implementation on a country-by-country basis. These rules adopted by the FRB and the other federal banking agencies the U.S. Basel III Capital Rules replaced the federal banking
 agencies general risk-based capital rules, advanced approaches rule, market risk rule, and leverage rules, in accordance with certain transition provisions.

Banks, such as First Northern, became subject to these rules on January 1, 2015. The rules implement higher minimum capital requirements, include a common equity Tier 1 capital requirement, and establish criteria
 that instruments must meet in order to be considered common equity Tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital, or Tier 2 capital. The final rules provide for increased minimum capital ratios as follows: (a) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of
 4.5 ; (b) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 ; (c) a total capital ratio of 8 ; and (d) a Tier 1 leverage ratio to average consolidated assets of 4 . Under these rules, in order to avoid certain limitations on capital distributions, including dividend
 payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, a banking organization must hold a capital conservation buffer composed of common equity Tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements (equal to 2.5 of
 total risk-weighted assets). The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. First Northern believes that it was in compliance with these requirements at December 31, 2022.

Pursuant to the EGRRCPA, the FRB adopted a final rule, effective August 31, 2018, amending the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement (the policy statement to increase the
 consolidated assets threshold to qualify to utilize the provisions of the policy statement from 1 billion to 3 billion. Bank holding companies, such as the Company, are subject to capital adequacy requirements of the FRB; however, bank holding
 companies which are subject to the policy statement are not subject to compliance with the regulatory capital requirements until they hold 3 billion or more in consolidated total assets. As a consequence, as of December 31, 2018 and through
 December 31, 2022, the Company was not required to comply with the FRB s regulatory capital requirements until such time that its consolidated total assets equal 3 billion or more or if the FRB determines that the Company is no longer deemed to be
 a small bank holding company. However, if the Company had been subject to these regulatory capital requirements, it would have exceeded all regulatory requirements.

9 

Table of Contents 

In August of 2020, the federal banking agencies adopted the final version of the community bank leverage ratio framework rule (the CBLR ), implementing two interim final rules adopted in April of 2020. The rule
 provides an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy. Under the optional CBLR framework, the CBLR was 8.5 through calendar year 2021 and 9 thereafter. The rule is applicable to all non-advanced approaches FDIC-supervised institutions
 with less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. Banks not electing the CBLR framework will continue to be subject to the generally applicable risk-based capital rule. At the present time, the Company and the Bank do not intend to elect
 to use the CBLR framework.

The following table presents the capital ratios for the Bank as of December 31, 2022 (calculated in accordance with the Basel III capital rules):

The Bank

2022

Adequately Capitalized

Well Capitalized

Capital

Ratio

Ratio 

Ratio

Tier 1 Leverage Capital (to Average Assets)

170,533

8.7

4.0

5.0

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets)

170,533

14.7

4.5

6.5

Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets)

170,533

14.7

6.0

8.0

Total Risk-Based Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets)

185,079

15.9

8.0

10.0

Ratio for regulatory requirement excludes the capital conservation buffer of 2.50 .

The federal banking agencies must take into consideration concentrations of credit risk and risks from non-traditional activities, as well as an institution s ability to manage those risks, when
 determining the adequacy of an institution s capital. This evaluation will be made as a part of the institution s regular safety and soundness examination. The federal banking agencies must also consider interest rate risk (when the interest rate
 sensitivity of an institution s assets does not match the sensitivity of its liabilities or its off-balance-sheet position) in evaluating a Bank s capital adequacy.

In January 2014, the Basel Committee issued an updated version of its leverage ratio and disclosure guidance Basel III leverage ratio ). The Basel Committee guidance continues to set a minimum
 Basel III leverage ratio of 3 . The Basel Committee, in December 2017, adopted further revisions to the Basel III capital standards Basel IV which refined the definition of the leverage ratio exposure measures (the Basel III term for non
 risk-weighted assets). Beginning January 1, 2023, the updates to the leverage ratio will be implemented.

Prompt Corrective Action and Other Enforcement Mechanisms

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA requires each federal banking agency to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of insured depository
 institutions, including but not limited to those that fall below one or more prescribed minimum capital ratios. The law required each federal banking agency to promulgate regulations defining the following five categories in which an insured
 depository institution will be placed, based on the level of its capital ratios: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, under-capitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized.

Under the prompt corrective action provisions of FDICIA, an insured depository institution generally will be classified in one of five capital categories ranging from well-capitalized to critically
 under-capitalized. 

An institution that, based upon its capital levels, is classified as well capitalized, adequately capitalized or under-capitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital
 category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition or an unsafe or unsound practice warrants such treatment. At each successive lower capital category, an
 insured depository institution is subject to increased restrictions on its operations. Management believes that at December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank exceeded the required ratios for classification as well capitalized. Institutions
 that are under-capitalized or lower are subject to certain mandatory supervisory corrective actions. Failure to meet regulatory capital guidelines can result in a bank being required to raise additional capital. An under-capitalized bank must
 develop a capital restoration plan and its parent holding company must generally guarantee compliance with the plan.

In addition to measures taken under the prompt corrective action provisions, commercial banking organizations may be subject to potential enforcement actions by the federal regulators for unsafe or
 unsound practices in conducting their businesses or for violations of any law, rule, regulation or any condition imposed in writing by the agency or any written agreement with the agency. Enforcement actions may include the imposition of a
 conservator or receiver, the issuance of a cease-and-desist order that can be judicially enforced, the termination of insurance of deposits (in the case of a depository institution), the imposition of civil money penalties, the issuance of
 directives to increase capital, the issuance of formal and informal agreements, the issuance of removal and prohibition orders against institution-affiliated parties and the enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders
 based upon a judicial determination that the agency would be harmed if such equitable relief was not granted. Additionally, a holding company s inability to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banking organizations could serve as a
 further basis for a regulatory action against the holding company.

10 

Table of Contents 

Safety and Soundness Standards

FDICIA also implemented certain specific restrictions on transactions and required federal banking regulators to adopt overall safety and soundness standards for depository institutions related to
 internal control, loan underwriting and documentation and asset growth. Among other things, FDICIA limits the interest rates paid on deposits by undercapitalized institutions, restricts the use of brokered deposits, limits the aggregate extensions
 of credit by a depository institution to an executive officer, director, principal shareholder, or related interest, and reduces deposit insurance coverage for deposits offered by undercapitalized institutions for deposits by certain employee
 benefits accounts.

The federal banking agencies may require an institution to submit to an acceptable compliance plan as well as have the flexibility to pursue other more appropriate or effective courses of action given
 the specific circumstances and severity of an institution s non-compliance with one or more standards.

Restrictions on Dividends and Other Distributions

The power of the board of directors of an insured depository institution to declare a cash dividend or other distribution with respect to capital is subject to statutory and regulatory restrictions
 which limit the amount available for such distribution depending upon the earnings, financial condition and liquidity needs of the institution, as well as general business conditions. FDICIA prohibits insured depository institutions from paying
 management fees to any controlling persons or, with certain limited exceptions, making capital distributions, including dividends, if, after such transaction, the institution would be undercapitalized.

The federal banking agencies also have authority to prohibit a depository institution from engaging in business practices, which are considered to be unsafe or unsound, possibly including payment of
 dividends or other payments under certain circumstances even if such payments are not expressly prohibited by statute.

In addition to the restrictions imposed under federal law, banks chartered under California law generally may only pay cash dividends to the extent such payments do not exceed the lesser of retained
 earnings of the bank s net income for its last three fiscal years (less any distributions to shareholders during such period). In the event a bank desires to pay cash dividends in excess of such amount, the bank may pay a cash dividend with the
 prior approval of the DFPI in an amount not exceeding the greatest of the bank s retained earnings, the bank s net income for its last fiscal year, or the bank s net income for its current fiscal year.

Premiums for Deposit Insurance

The Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF maintained by the FDIC. Through the DIF, the FDIC insures the deposits of the Bank up to prescribed limits for each
 depositor. To maintain the DIF, member institutions are assessed an insurance premium based on their deposits and their institutional risk category. The FDIC determines an institution s risk category by combining its supervisory ratings with
 its financial ratios and other risk measures. The FDIC also has the authority to impose special assessments at any time it estimates that DIF reserves could fall to a level that would adversely affect public confidence. In September,
 2020, the FDIC board of directors voted to adopt a restoration plan to restore the DIF reserve ratio to at least 1.35 within 8 years as required by the FDIC Act. This action was in response to the reserve ratio dropping to 1.30 primarily due to
 the inflow of more than 1 trillion in estimated insured deposits in the first six month of 2020 resulting mainly from the pandemic, monetary policy actions, direct government assistance and an overall reduction in business spending. No change was
 made in the current schedule of assessment rates for all insured depository institutions. Deposit insurance assessments and assessment rates are subject to change by the FDIC and can be impacted by the overall economy
 and the stability of the banking industry as a whole. There can be no assurance that the FDIC will not impose special assessments or increase annual assessments in the future. The ultimate effect on our business of legislative, regulatory and
 economic developments on the DIF cannot be predicted with certainty. 

Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending

The Bank is subject to certain fair lending requirements and reporting obligations involving its home mortgage lending operations and is also subject to the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ). The
 CRA generally requires the federal banking agencies to evaluate the record of a financial institution in meeting the credit needs of the Bank s local communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. In addition to substantive
 penalties and corrective measures that may be required for a violation of certain fair lending laws, the federal banking agencies may take compliance with such laws and CRA into account when reviewing other activities by the Bank, particularly
 applications involving business expansion such as acquisitions or de novo branching.

11 

Table of Contents 

On January 9, 2020, the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC published a notice of proposed rule-making intended to modernize and strengthen the CRA regulations
 to better achieve their underlying statutory purpose by clarifying which activities qualify for CRA credit, updating where activities count for CRA credit, creating a more transparent and objective method for measuring CRA performance, and
 providing for more transparent, consistent, and timely CRA-related data collection, recordkeeping, and reporting. Later in 2020, the OCC adopted the new rule, which will apply to national banks, but the FDIC declined to take action on
 its proposed rule, thus leaving in place the existing CRA regulatory framework. It cannot be predicted at this time as to whether the FDIC will eventually adopt such a proposed rule and, if it does so, what impact this rule may have on
 FDIC-supervised institutions, such as the Bank.

Certain CFPB Rules

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB has adopted an Ability-to-Repay rule that all newly originated residential mortgages must meet. The Ability-to-Repay rule establishes guidelines that
 the lender must follow when reviewing an applicant s income, obligations, assets, liabilities, and credit history and requires that the lender make a reasonable and good faith determination of an applicant s ability to repay the loan according to
 its terms. Lenders will be presumed to have met the Ability-to-Repay rule by originating loans that meet the criteria for Qualified Mortgages , which are set forth in detail in the rule. The mortgage loans originated by the Bank with the intent to
 sell them to Freddie Mac meet the Qualified Mortgage criteria.

The CFPB has also adopted a rule on simplified and improved mortgage loan disclosures, otherwise known as Know Before You Owe. The rule provides that mortgage borrowers receive a loan estimate three
 business days after application and a closing disclosure three days before closing. These forms replace disclosure forms previously provided to borrowers under other provisions of federal law. The rule provides for limitations on application fees
 and increases in closing costs.

Any new regulatory requirements promulgated by the CFPB could have an adverse impact on our residential mortgage lending business as the industry adapts to the additional regulations. Our business
 strategy, product offerings and profitability may change as the market adjusts to any additional regulations and as these requirements are interpreted by the regulators and courts.

Conservatorship and Receivership of Insured Depository Institutions

If any insured depository institution becomes insolvent and the FDIC is appointed its conservator or receiver, the FDIC may, under federal law, disaffirm or repudiate any contract to which such
 institution is a party, if the FDIC determines that performance of the contract would be burdensome, and that disaffirmance or repudiation of the contract would promote the orderly administration of the institution s affairs. Such disaffirmance or
 repudiation would result in a claim by its holder against the receivership or conservatorship. The amount paid upon such claim would depend upon, among other factors, the amount of receivership assets available for the payment of such claim and
 its priority relative to the priority of others. In addition, the FDIC as conservator or receiver may enforce most contracts entered into by the institution notwithstanding any provision providing for termination, default, acceleration, or
 exercise of rights upon or solely by reason of insolvency of the institution, appointment of a conservator or receiver for the institution, or exercise of rights or powers by a conservator or receiver for the institution. The FDIC as conservator
 or receiver also may transfer any asset or liability of the institution without obtaining any approval or consent of the institution s shareholders or creditors.

The Dodd-Frank Act

The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in 2010, has resulted in sweeping changes to the U.S. financial system and financial institutions, including us. Many of the law s provisions have been implemented by
 rules and regulations of the federal banking agencies. The law contains many provisions which have particular relevance to our business, including provisions that have resulted in adjustments to our FDIC deposit insurance premiums and that
 resulted in increased capital and liquidity requirements, increased supervision, increased regulatory and compliance risks and costs and other operational costs and expenses, reduced fee-based revenues and restrictions on some aspects of our
 operations, and increased interest expense on our demand deposits. In May 2018, the President signed into law the EGRRCPA, which amended various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act as well as other federal banking statutes. See The Effect of
 Government Policy on Banking above for additional information.

The environment in which financial institutions continue to operate since the U.S. financial crisis, including legislative and regulatory changes affecting capital, liquidity, supervision, permissible
 activities, corporate governance and compensation, and changes in fiscal policy may have long-term effects on the business model and profitability of financial institutions that cannot now be foreseen.

12 

Table of Contents 

Overdraft and Interchange Fees

The FRB s Regulation E imposes restrictions on banks abilities to charge overdraft services and fees. The rule prohibits financial institutions from charging fees for paying overdrafts on ATM and
 one-time debit card transactions, unless a consumer consents, or opts in, to the overdraft service for those types of transactions. The Dodd-Frank Act, through a provision known as the Durbin Amendment, required the FRB to establish standards for
 interchange fees that are reasonable and proportional to the cost of processing debit card transactions and imposes other requirements on card networks. Under the rule, the maximum permissible interchange fee that a bank may receive is the sum of
 0.21 per transaction and five basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction, with an additional upward adjustment of no more than 0.01 per transaction if a bank develops and implements policies and procedures reasonably designed to
 achieve fraud-prevention standards set by regulation. This regulation has resulted in decreased revenues and increased compliance costs for the banking industry and the Bank, and there can be no assurance that alternative sources of revenues can
 be implemented to offset the impact of these developments.

Possible Future Legislation and Regulatory Initiatives

The economic and political environment of the past several years has led to a number of proposed legislative, governmental and regulatory initiatives, at both the federal and state levels, certain of
 which are described above, that may significantly impact our industry. These and other initiatives could significantly change the competitive and operating environment in which we and our subsidiaries operate. We cannot predict whether these or any
 other proposals will be enacted or the ultimate impact of any such initiatives on our operations, competitive situation, financial condition or results of operations.

The results of the 2020 national elections with the change of the U.S. President and the shift of control in the U.S. Senate could lead to new legislative and regulatory initiatives or the roll-back of initiatives of
 the previous Administration which could have significant impact on the banking and financial services industry and on our business. We cannot assess at this time the degree to which this may occur.

The change of Administration in Washington, D.C. is also likely to result in changes in the leadership and other senior positions at the federal bank regulatory agencies. We cannot assess at this time the impact
 such changes will have on the banking and financial services industry and on our business. 

Competition

In the past, an independent bank s principal competitors for deposits and loans have been other banks, savings and loan associations, and credit unions. Many of these competitors are large financial
 institutions that have substantial capital, technology and marketing resources, which are well in excess of ours, although these larger institutions may be required to hold more regulatory capital and as a result, achieve lower returns on equity. 
 For agricultural loans, the Bank also competes with constituent entities with the Federal Farm Credit System. To a lesser extent, competition is also provided by thrift and loans, mortgage brokerage companies and insurance companies. Other
 institutions, such as brokerage houses, mutual fund companies, credit card companies, and even retail establishments have offered new investment vehicles, which also compete with banks for deposit business. Additionally, technology has lowered
 barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and payment systems. We also experience competition, especially for deposits, from internet-based
 banking institutions and other financial companies, which do not always have a presence in our market footprint and have grown rapidly in recent years.

Current federal law has made it easier for out-of-state banks to enter and compete in California. Competition in our principal markets may further intensify as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act which,
 among other things, permits out-of-state de novo branching by national banks, state banks and foreign banks from other states. While the impact of these changes cannot be predicted with certainty, it is clear that the business of banking in
 California will remain highly competitive.

Competition in our industry is likely to further intensify as a result of continued consolidation of financial services companies, including consolidations of significance in our market area. In
 order to compete with major financial institutions and other competitors in its primary service areas, the Bank relies upon the experience of its executive and senior officers in serving business clients, and upon its specialized services, local
 promotional activities and the personal contacts made by its officers, directors and employees.

For customers whose loan demand exceeds the Bank s legal lending limit, the Bank may arrange for such loans on a participation basis with correspondent banks. In the past, the seasonal swings,
 discussed below in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Liquidity , have had some impact on the Bank s liquidity. The management of investment maturities, sale of loan participations, federal fund
 borrowings, qualification for funds under the Federal Reserve Bank s seasonal credit program, and the ability to sell mortgages in the secondary market is intended to allow the Bank to satisfactorily manage its liquidity.

13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS

In addition to factors mentioned elsewhere in this Report, the factors contained below, among others, could cause our financial condition and results of operations to be materially and adversely
 affected. If this were to happen, the value of our common stock could decline, perhaps significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

The COVID-19 Pandemic Has Adversely Impacted our Business and Results of Operations, and the Ultimate Impact of the Pandemic on the U.S., California and Global Economies, and on our
 Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Will Depend on Future Developments, Which Are Highly Uncertain and Cannot be Predicted; However, the Effects of the Pandemic Have Had and May Continue to Have an Adverse Impact, Which Could
 Be Material

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business and results of operation, and the ultimate impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
 predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and responsive actions taken by governmental and regulatory authorities. The pandemic and related governmental actions have negatively impacted the U.S., California and global economies,
 disrupted supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels. In addition, the pandemic significantly increased economic uncertainty, reduced
 economic activity, and resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities, including the markets where we have operations. Governments in
 the U.S. and globally have taken steps to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus. During March 2020, the U.S. Congress adopted and the President signed into law the CARES Act, which provided for some 2.2
 trillion in federal funding for a variety of programs designed to stimulate the U.S. economy and to soften the economic consequences of the pandemic. During March 2020, in response to the pandemic, the FRB reduced the federal funds rate 1.5
 percentage points to .00 to .25 percent, and provided other monetary support to the financial markets and financial institutions in the U.S. Additionally, in December 2020, the Congress passed and the President signed into law an
 additional 900 billion COVID-relief package. There can be no assurance that these and other governmental measures will be effective in combating the impact of the pandemic or achieve their desired results in a
 timely fashion. 

The pandemic began in the first quarter 2020 and continued to 2021 and 2022. In response to the pandemic, the Bank proactively developed a COVID-19 Customer Support Plan designed to
 provide relief to those business and consumer customers financially impacted by the pandemic. Among other actions, the Bank offered loan assistance for those impacted by COVID-19, including waiver of late fees for qualifying consumer, small
 business, commercial and agricultural loan customers for an initial period of 60 days which began in March 2020 and was later extended into the third quarter (waiver of late fees expired on October 1, 2020); payment relief options; delinquencies
 resulting from impacts of COVID-19 were not reported to the credit reporting bureaus; access to loan programs, including the Paycheck Protection Program PPP of the Small Business Administration SBA and the Bank s strong relationship with
 the State of California s I-Bank; deposit account assistance, including waiver of overdraft/non-sufficient funds fees for all business and consumer customers for an initial period of 60 days which began in March 2020 and was later extended to the
 third quarter of 2020 (the auto-waiver period expired on August 1, 2020); increased debit card limits on a case-by-case basis for consumer clients; deposit customer access to surcharge-free ATMs at over 50 locations within the Bank s local
 footprint and hundreds more throughout the state through the Bank s membership in the MoneyPass ATM Network; and waiver of early withdrawal charges for customers wishing to withdraw funds from their Certificates of Deposit. Service
 charges on deposit accounts decreased 608,000 in 2020 over 2019, decreasing from 1,979,000 to 1,371,000, partially due to the aforementioned relief provided. Service charges on deposit accounts increased 285,000 in 2021 over 2020, increasing
 from 1,371,000 to 1,656,000 and increased 16,000 in 2022 over 2021, increasing from 1,656,000 to 1,672,000. Future governmental and regulatory actions may require us to provide these and additional types of
 customer-related responses. Further impact to our results of operations cannot be quantified at this time. 

We do not yet know the full extent of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly if businesses remain closed, the impact on the national economy worsens, or more customers draw
 on their lines of credit or seek additional loans to help finance their businesses. We provide financing to businesses in a number of industries that may be particularly vulnerable to industry-specific economic factors that can adversely impact
 the performance of our commercial business, construction, commercial and multi-family real estate loan portfolios. Certain industries, such as the home building, commercial real estate, retail, agricultural, industrial, and commercial
 industries, among others, have been, and can expected to continue to be, adversely impacted by the disruptive and recessionary market conditions caused by the pandemic, which could result in higher nonperforming assets for us and elevated levels of
 charge-offs. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting issuers, we also may be required to recognize impairments on the securities we hold. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Our business operations may also be disrupted if significant portions of our workforce, including employees of our third-party service providers, are unable to work effectively, including because of
 illness, quarantines, government actions, or other restrictions in connection with the pandemic. As of December 31, 2021, we repopulated all offices, with some remaining on a hybrid schedule of working in the office and working remotely. Remote
 work arrangements may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased information security risk involving, among
 other risks, the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us, our customers or other third parties. The pandemic could also disrupt our operations due to absenteeism by infected
 or ill members of management or other employees, or members of our Board of Directors, making it more difficult to conduct meetings for the management of our affairs. The operations of our clients, customers, suppliers, and third-party service
 providers have also been, and are likely to be further, adversely impacted.

We may also experience financial losses due to a number of operational factors, including, among others: challenges to the availability and reliability of our network due to changes to normal
 operations or third-party disruptions, including potential outages at network providers, call centers and other suppliers; increased cyber fraud risk related to COVID-19, as cybercriminals attempt to profit from the disruption, given increased
 online banking, e-commerce and other online activity; and new or additional regulatory requirements, which could require additional resources and costs to address. Various banks that participated in the SBA s PPP have become the subject of
 purported class-action litigation regarding their activities under the program; there can be no assurance that such litigation will not be brought against other banks who participated in this program, including the Bank.

These factors may remain prevalent for a significant period of time and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition even after the
 pandemic has subsided. The extent to which these effects may occur will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity,
 the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. In 2021 and 2022, the widespread availability in the U.S. of new vaccines began to moderate the impact
 of the pandemic, but various new strains of the virus emerged, including one with a higher rate of infectiousness even in vaccinated persons, that have continued the pandemic. There can be no assurance that further vaccine-resistant strains of
 the virus will not emerge. Even after the pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the national and global economic impact of the virus, including the availability of credit,
 adverse impacts on our liquidity and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. A substantial majority of our assets, deposits and interest and fee income are generated in Northern California, particularly in the Sacramento
 Valley region. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, following a declaration of a state of emergency in early March 2020, the California state government issued a strict shelter-in-place order on March 19, 2020, instituting social
 distancing requirements and closing all non-essential businesses. Later in 2020, the California state government adopted a four-phase reopening plan. The ability of a county to move into a phase with fewer restrictions on economic and social
 activities was dependent upon the county s compliance with parameters such as the county s case rate, test positivity rate, and a health equity metric. As of June 15, 2021, the Governor of California terminated the executive orders that put into
 place the stay home order and phased out the vast majority of executive actions put in place since March 2020 as part of the pandemic response.

There are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the effect the spread of COVID-19 as a global pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate impact of the outbreak is highly
 uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of the impacts of the pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial condition, or on the U.S., California or global economies or our market areas in particular.
 Given the many challenges and uncertainties resulting from the coronavirus pandemic, there is a risk that conditions will be substantially different than we are currently expecting. However, the effects of the pandemic, especially if new strains
 of the virus emerge, could have an adverse impact, which could be material, on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and heighten many of our known risks described in this section.

The COVID-19 Pandemic and Related Governmental and Regulatory Actions have Negatively Impacted the U.S., California and Global Economies, Significantly Increased Economic
 Uncertainty and Reduced Economic Activity, Resulting in Recessionary Economic and Financial Market Conditions, Which Are Likely to Have Resultant Adverse Consequences for the U.S. Financial Services Industry and for the Bank

While the U.S. economy experienced a period of significant expansion in recent years, the COVID-19 pandemic and related governmental and regulatory actions, the early economic effects of which began to be felt late
 in the first quarter 2020 and have continued into 2021 and 2022, have negatively impacted the U.S. and global economies, disrupted supply chains, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels.
 In addition, the pandemic significantly increased economic uncertainty, reduced economic activity, and resulted in temporary and permanent closures of many businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in
 many states and communities, including the markets where we have operations. We, and other financial services companies, have been impacted to a significant degree by current economic conditions.

15 

Table of Contents 

Governments in the U.S. and globally took steps to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus. During March 2020, the U.S. Congress adopted and the President signed into law the CARES
 Act, which provided for some 2.2 trillion in federal funding for a variety of programs designed to stimulate the U.S. economy and to soften the economic consequences of the pandemic. Also, during March 2020, in response to the pandemic, the FRB
 reduced the federal funds rate 1.5 percentage points to .00 to .25 percent, and provided other monetary support to the financial markets and financial institutions in the U.S. Additionally, in December 2020, the Congress passed and the President
 signed into law an additional 900 billion COVID-relief package. There can be no assurance that these and other governmental measures will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.

The various governmental stimulus measures introduced in response to the COVID-19 pandemic have increased, and can be expected to continue to increase, federal budget deficits and the national debt level. These
 events can be expected to adversely affect the long-term sovereign credit rating of United States debt, and downgrades by the credit rating agencies with respect to the obligations of the U.S. federal government could occur. Any such downgrades
 could increase over time the U.S. federal government s cost of borrowing, which may worsen its fiscal challenges, as well as generate upward pressure on interest rates generally in the U.S., which could, in turn, have adverse consequences for
 borrowers and the level of business activity.

Economic Conditions in the U.S. May Soften or Become Recessionary with Resultant Adverse Consequences for the U.S. Financial Services Industry and for the Bank

Following the financial crisis of 2008, adverse financial and economic developments impacted U.S. and global economies and financial markets and presented challenges for the banking and financial
 services industry and for us. These developments included a general recession both globally and in the U.S. accompanied by substantial volatility in the financial markets.

In response, various significant economic and monetary stimulus measures were implemented by the U.S. government. The FRB also pursued a highly accommodative monetary policy aimed at keeping interest
 rates at historically low levels although the FRB has more recently modified certain aspects of this policy by gradually increasing short-term interest rates and reducing its balance sheet. The U.S. economy has experienced a period of significant
 expansion in recent years; however, this expansion is not likely to continue indefinitely and, at some point, economic conditions in the U.S. are likely to soften or become recessionary. We, and other financial services companies, are impacted to a
 significant degree by current economic conditions. The U.S. government continues to face significant fiscal and budgetary challenges which, if not resolved, could result in renewed adverse U.S. economic conditions. These challenges may be
 intensified over time if federal budget deficits were to increase and Congress and the Administration cannot effectively work to address them.

The overall level of the federal government s debt, the extensive political disagreements regarding the government s statutory debt limit and the continuing substantial federal budget deficits led to
 a downgrade from AAA to AA+ of the long-term sovereign credit rating of United States debt by one credit rating agency, although other credit rating agencies did not take such action. This risk could be exacerbated over time.

If substantial federal budget deficits were to continue in the years ahead, further downgrades by the credit rating agencies with respect to the obligations of the U.S. federal government could occur.
 Any such further downgrades could increase over time the U.S. federal government s cost of borrowing, which may worsen its fiscal challenges, as well as generate upward pressure on interest rates generally in the U.S. which could, in turn, have
 adverse consequences for borrowers and the level of business activity. It is also possible that the federal government s fiscal and budgetary challenges could be intensified over time as a result of the federal tax legislation signed into law in
 December of 2017 if the reductions in tax rates along with greater government spending result in increased federal budget deficits. The long-term impact of this situation, including the impact to the Bank s investment securities portfolio and
 other assets, cannot be predicted.

The Bank is Subject to Lending Risks of Loss and Repayment Associated with Commercial Banking Activities

The Bank s business strategy is to focus on commercial business loans (which includes agricultural loans), construction loans, and commercial and multi-family real estate loans. The principal factors affecting the
 Bank s risk of loss in connection with commercial business loans include the borrower s ability to manage its business affairs and cash flows, general economic conditions, and, with respect to agricultural loans, weather and climate conditions.

For a number of years, California has also experienced severe drought, wildfires or other natural disasters. It can be expected that these events will continue to occur from time to time in the areas served by the
 Bank, and that the consequences of these natural disasters, including public utility public safety power outages when weather conditions and fire danger warrant, may adversely affect the Bank s business and that of its commercial loan customers,
 particularly in the agricultural sector.

Loans secured by commercial real estate are generally larger and involve a greater degree of credit and transaction risk than residential mortgage (one to four family) loans. Because payments on loans secured by
 commercial and multi-family real estate properties are often dependent on successful operation or management of the underlying properties, repayment of such loans may be dependent on factors other than the prevailing conditions in the real estate
 market or the economy. Real estate construction financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan is dependent largely
 upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction or development compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction. If the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, the Bank may be
 confronted with a project which, when completed, has a value which is insufficient to assure full repayment of the construction loan. For additional information, see The Bank s Dependence on Real Estate Lending Increases Our Risk of Losses , below
 in these Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

16 

Table of Contents 

Although the Bank manages lending risks through its underwriting and credit administration policies, no assurance can be given that such risks will not materialize, in which event, the Company s financial condition,
 results of operations, cash flows, and business prospects could be materially adversely affected.

Increases in the Allowance for Loan Losses Would Adversely Affect the Bank s Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The Bank s allowance for estimated losses on loans was approximately 14.8 million, or 1.50 of total loans, at December 31, 2022, compared to 14.0 million, or 1.61 of total loans, at December 31, 2021, and 172.4 
 of total non-performing loans net of guaranteed portions at December 31, 2022, compared to 137.3 of total non-performing loans, net of guaranteed portions at December 31, 2021. Provision for loan losses totaling 900,000 for the year ended
 December 31, 2022, compared to reversal of provision for loan losses totaling 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The year-to-date provision for loan loss was primarily due to loan growth. The prior
 year reversal of provision for loan losses was primarily due to the decrease in specific reserve on impaired loans to one borrower, coupled with an overall decrease in qualitative factors resulting from an improvement in economic conditions. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and related responses to the pandemic by federal, state and local governments negatively impacted the U.S., California and global economies, significantly increased economic uncertainty, reduced
 economic activity, increased unemployment levels, and resulted in temporary and permanent closures of many businesses and restrictions on business and social activities in many states and communities, including many markets where we have
 operations. The pandemic has resulted and may continue to result in the recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios and increases in our allowance for credit losses. Material future additions to the allowance for estimated losses on loans
 may be necessary if such material adverse changes in economic conditions were to continue to occur and the performance of the Bank s loan portfolio were to deteriorate.

An allowance for losses on other real estate owned may also be required in order to reflect changes in the markets for real estate in which the Bank s other real estate owned is located and other factors which may
 result in adjustments which are necessary to ensure that the Bank s foreclosed assets are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs to dispose of the properties. Moreover, the FDIC and the California DFPI, as an integral
 part of their examination process, periodically review the Bank s allowance for estimated losses on loans and the carrying value of its assets. Increases in the provisions for estimated losses on loans and foreclosed assets would adversely affect
 the Bank s financial condition and results of operations.

The Bank s Dependence on Real Estate Lending Increases Our Risk of Losses

The Bank s primary lending focus has historically been commercial (including agricultural), construction, and real estate mortgage. At December 31, 2022, real estate mortgage (excluding loans held-for-sale) and
 construction loans (residential and other) comprised approximately 89 and 2 , respectively, of the total loans in the Bank s portfolio. At December 31, 2022, all of the Bank s real estate mortgage and construction loans and approximately 2 of
 its commercial loans were secured fully or in part by deeds of trust on underlying real estate. The Company s dependence on real estate increases the risk of loss in both the Bank s loan portfolio and its holdings of other real estate owned if
 economic conditions in Northern California were to deteriorate. Deterioration of the real estate market in Northern California would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The CFPB has adopted various regulations which have impacted, and will continue to impact, our residential mortgage lending business.

Adverse Economic Factors Affecting Certain Industries the Bank Serves Could Adversely Affect Our Business

The Bank is subject to certain industry specific economic factors. For example, a portion of the Bank s total loan portfolio is
 related to residential and commercial real estate, especially in California. Increases in residential mortgage loan interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Bank s operations by depressing new mortgage loan originations, which
 in turn could negatively impact the Bank s title and escrow deposit levels. Additionally, a downturn in the residential real estate and housing industries in California could have an adverse effect on the Bank s operations and the quality of its
 real estate and construction loan portfolio. Although the Bank does not engage in subprime or negative amortization lending, we are not immune to volatility in the real estate market. Real estate valuations are influenced by demand, and demand is
 driven by economic factors such as employment rates and interest rates, which have been, and may continue to be, affected by the pandemic. These factors could adversely impact the quality of the Bank s residential construction, residential
 mortgage and construction related commercial portfolios in various ways, including by decreasing the value of the collateral for our loans, and thereby negatively affecting the Bank s overall loan portfolio.

17 

Table of Contents 

The Bank provides financing to, and receives deposits from, businesses in a number of other industries that may be particularly vulnerable to industry-specific economic factors, including the home building,
 commercial real estate, retail, agricultural, industrial, and commercial industries. Certain of these industries have been, and can expected to continue to be, adversely impacted by the disruptive and recessionary market conditions caused by the
 pandemic, which could result in higher nonperforming assets and elevated levels of charge-offs.

Following the financial crisis of 2008, the home building industry in California was especially adversely impacted by the deterioration in residential real estate markets, which lead the Bank to take additional
 provisions and charge-offs against credit losses in this portfolio. The recessionary economic and market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic also significantly affected the commercial and residential real estate markets in the U.S.
 generally, and in California in particular, decreasing property values, increasing the risk of defaults and reducing the value of real estate collateral. Continued volatility in fuel prices and energy costs and drought conditions in California
 could also adversely affect businesses in several of these industries. Industry specific risks are beyond the Bank s control and could adversely affect the Bank s portfolio of loans, potentially resulting in an increase in non-performing loans or
 charge-offs and a slowing of growth or reduction in our loan portfolio.

In recent years, wildfires across California and in our market areas resulted in significant damage and destruction of property and equipment. The fire damage caused resulted in adverse economic impacts to those
 affected markets and beyond and on the Bank s customers. In addition, the major electric utility company in our region has adopted programs of electrical power shut-offs, often for multiple days, in wide areas of Northern California during periods
 of high winds and high fire danger. Shut-offs of power by this utility have adversely impacted the business of some of our customers and also have resulted in some of our branches being temporarily closed. It can be expected that these events
 will continue to occur from time to time in the areas served by the Bank, and that the consequences of these natural disasters, including programs of public utility public safety power outages when weather conditions and fire danger warrant, may
 adversely affect the Bank s business and that of its customers. It is also possible that climate change may be increasing the severity or frequency of adverse weather conditions, thus increasing the impact of these types of natural disasters on our
 business and that of our customers.

The long-term impact of these developments on the markets we serve cannot be predicted at this time.

The Effects of Changes or Increases in, or Supervisory Enforcement of, Banking or Other Laws and Regulations or Governmental Fiscal or Monetary Policies Could Adversely Affect Us

We are subject to significant federal and state banking regulation and supervision, which is primarily for the benefit and protection of our customers and the Deposit Insurance Fund and not for the
 benefit of investors in our securities. In the past, our business has been materially affected by these regulations. This will continue and likely intensify in the future. Laws, regulations or policies, including accounting standards and
 interpretations, currently affecting us may change at any time. Regulatory authorities may also change their interpretation of and intensify their examination of compliance with these statutes and regulations. Therefore, our business may be
 adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations, policies or interpretations or regulatory approaches to compliance and enforcement, as well as by supervisory action or criminal proceedings taken as a result of noncompliance, which could result
 in the imposition of significant civil money penalties or fines. Changes in laws and regulations may also increase our expenses by imposing additional supervision, fees, taxes or restrictions on our operations. Compliance with laws and regulations,
 especially new laws and regulations, increases our operating expenses and may divert management attention from our business operations.

Following the imposition in 2008 of a federal government conservatorship on the two government-sponsored enterprises GSEs in the housing finance industry, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage
 Corporation and the Federal National Mortgage Association, various proposals have been advanced from time to time to reform the role of the GSEs in the housing finance market. These proposals, among other things, include reducing or eliminating
 over time the role of the GSEs in guaranteeing mortgages and providing funding for mortgage loans, as well as the implementation of reforms relating to borrowers, lenders, and investors in the mortgage market, including reducing the maximum size of
 a loan that the GSEs can guarantee, phasing in a minimum down payment requirement for borrowers, improving underwriting standards, and increasing accountability and transparency in the securitization process.

The GSEs remain in federal government conservatorship at this time and proposals for the reform of their role are not being actively pursued in Congress or by the current Administration. However,
 this could change at any time and GSE reform could again become a subject under active consideration and if adopted, could well have a substantial impact on the mortgage market and could reduce our income from mortgage originations by increasing
 mortgage costs or lowering originations. GSE reforms could also reduce real estate prices, which could reduce the value of collateral securing outstanding mortgage loans. This reduction of collateral value could negatively impact the value or
 perceived collectability of these mortgage loans and may increase our allowance for loan losses. Such reforms may also include changes to the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which could adversely affect a significant source of term funding for
 lending activities by the banking industry, including the Bank. These reforms may also result in higher interest rates on residential mortgage loans, thereby reducing demand, which could have an adverse impact on our residential mortgage lending
 business.

18 

Table of Contents 

In July 2013, the FRB and the other U.S. federal banking agencies adopted final rules making significant changes to the U.S. regulatory capital framework for U.S. banking organizations and to conform
 this framework to the Basel III Global Regulatory Framework for Capital and Liquidity. For additional information, see Business-Capital Standards in Item 1 of this Form 10-K.

We maintain systems and procedures designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of criminal or civil penalties (which
 can be substantial) for noncompliance. In some cases, liability may attach even if the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even if compliance systems and procedures were in place at the time. There may be other negative consequences
 from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities and damage to our reputation.

Additionally, our business is affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the U.S. federal government and its agencies. We are particularly affected by the policies of the FRB, which
 regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and a long-standing policy of the FRB, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of
 that policy, we may be required to commit financial and other resources to our subsidiary bank in circumstances where we might not otherwise do so. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the FRB are (a) conducting open market
 operations in U.S. Government securities, (b) changing the discount rates on borrowings by depository institutions and the federal funds rate, and (c) imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their
 affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The policies of the FRB can be expected to
 have a material effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.

Refer to Business Supervision and Regulation of Bank Holding Companies and Business Supervision and Regulation of the Bank in Item 1 of this Form 10-K for discussion of certain existing and
 proposed laws and regulations that may affect our business.

The Bank is Subject to Interest Rate Risk

The income of the Bank depends to a great extent on interest rate differentials and the resulting net interest margins (i.e., the difference between the interest rates earned on the Bank s
 interest-earning assets such as loans and investment securities, and the interest rates paid on the Bank s interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings). These rates are highly sensitive to many factors, which are beyond the Bank s
 control, including, but not limited to, general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular, the FRB. We cannot predict with any certainty the nature and impact of such policies. Changes in
 the relationship between short-term and long-term market interest rates or between different interest rate indices can also impact our interest rate differential, possibly resulting in a decrease in our interest income relative to interest
 expense. In addition, changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, influence the origination of loans, the purchase of investments and the generation of deposits and affect the rates received on loans and investment securities
 and paid on deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations.

During 2021 and continuing through 2022, the U.S. Economy Began to Reflect Relatively Rapid Rates of Increase in the Consumer Price Index and Other Economic Indices; a Prolonged
 Elevated Rate of Inflation Could Present Risks for the U.S. Banking Industry and Our Business.

During the latter part of 2021 and continuing through 2022, the U.S. economy exhibited relatively rapid rates of increase in the consumer price index and other economic indices. Pandemic-related
 supply chain disruptions may contribute to this development. If the U.S. economy encounters a significant, prolonged rate of inflation, this could pose higher relative risks to the banking industry and our business. Such inflationary periods
 have historically corresponded with relatively weaker earnings and higher loan losses for banks. In the past, inflationary environments have caused financing conditions to tighten and have increased borrowing costs for some marginal borrowers
 which, in turn, has impacted bank credit quality and loan growth. Additionally, a sustained period of inflation well above the FRB s long-term target could prompt broad-based selling of longer-duration, fixed-rate debt, which could have negative
 implications for equity and real estate markets. Lower interest rates enable less credit-worthy borrowers to more readily meet their debt obligations. Small businesses and leveraged loan borrowers can be challenged in a materially higher-rate
 environment. Higher interest rates can also present challenges for commercial real estate projects, pressuring valuations and loan-to-value ratios. The FRB has initiated a series of significant interest rate increases in response to the recent
 economic developments. For additional information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Net Interest Income below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

19 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the war between Russia and Ukraine and global reactions thereto have increased U.S. domestic and global energy prices. Oil supply disruptions related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and
 sanctions and other measures taken by the U.S. or its allies, could lead to higher costs for gas, food and goods in the U.S. and exacerbate the inflationary pressures on the economy, with potentially adverse impacts on our customers and on our
 business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our Ability to Pay Dividends is Subject to Legal Restrictions

As a bank holding company, our cash flow typically comes from dividends of the Bank. Various statutory and regulatory provisions restrict the amount of dividends the Bank can pay to the Company
 without regulatory approval. The ability of the Company to pay cash dividends in the future also depends on the Company s profitability, growth, and capital needs. In addition, California law restricts the ability of the Company to pay
 dividends. For a number of years, the Company has paid stock dividends, but not cash dividends, to its shareholders. No assurance can be given that the Company will pay any dividends in the future or, if paid, such dividends will not be
 discontinued. See Business - Restrictions on Dividends and Other Distributions above.

Competition Adversely Affects our Profitability

In California generally, and in the Bank s primary market area specifically, major banks dominate the commercial banking industry. By virtue of their larger capital bases, such
 institutions have substantially greater lending limits than those of the Bank. Competition is likely to further intensify as a result of the recent and increasing level of consolidation of financial services companies, particularly in our market
 area resulting from various economic and market conditions. In obtaining deposits and making loans, the Bank competes with these larger commercial banks and other financial institutions, such as savings and loan associations, credit unions and
 member institutions of the Farm Credit System, which offer many services that traditionally were offered only by banks. Using the financial holding company structure, insurance companies, and securities firms may compete more directly with banks
 and bank holding companies. In addition, the Bank competes with other institutions such as mutual fund companies, brokerage firms, and even retail stores seeking to penetrate the financial services market. Current federal law has also made it
 easier for out-of-state banks to enter and compete in the states in which we operate. Competition in our principal markets may further intensify as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act which, among other things, permits out-of-state de novo branching
 by national banks, state banks and foreign banks from other states. We also experience competition, especially for deposits, from internet-based banking institutions and other financial companies, which do not
 always have a physical presence in our market footprint and have grown rapidly in recent years. Also, technology and other changes increasingly allow parties to complete financial transactions electronically, and in many cases, without banks. 
 For example, consumers can pay bills and transfer funds over the internet and by telephone without banks. Non-bank financial service providers may have lower overhead costs and are subject to fewer regulatory constraints. If consumers do not
 use banks to complete their financial transactions, we could potentially lose fee income, deposits and income generated from those deposits. During periods of declining interest rates, competitors with lower costs of capital may solicit the
 Bank s customers to refinance their loans. Furthermore, during periods of economic slowdown or recession, the Bank s borrowers may face financial difficulties and be more receptive to offers from the Bank s competitors to refinance their loans. 
 No assurance can be given that the Bank will be able to compete with these lenders. See Business - Competition above. 

Government Regulation and Legislation Could Adversely Affect the Company

The Company and the Bank are subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision, and legislation, which govern almost all aspects of the operations of the Company and the Bank. The
 business of the Bank is particularly susceptible to being affected by the enactment of federal and state legislation, which may have the effect of increasing the cost of doing business, modifying permissible activities, or enhancing the competitive
 position of other financial institutions. Such laws are subject to change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund and not for the benefit of shareholders of the
 Company. Regulatory authorities may also change their interpretation of these laws and regulations. The Company cannot predict what effect any presently contemplated or future changes in the laws or regulations or their interpretations would have
 on the business and prospects of the Company, but it could be material and adverse. See Business Supervision and Regulation of the Bank and The effects of changes or increases in, or supervisory
 enforcement of, banking or other laws and regulations or governmental fiscal or monetary policies could adversely affect us above.

We maintain systems and procedures designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of criminal or civil penalties (which
 can be substantial) for non-compliance. In some cases, liability may attach even if the non-compliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even if compliance systems and procedures were in place at the time. There may be other negative
 consequences from a finding of non-compliance, including restrictions on certain activities and damage to the Company s reputation.

20 

Table of Contents 

Our Controls and Procedures May Fail or be Circumvented Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company s Financial Condition or Results of Operations

The Company maintains controls and procedures to mitigate against risks such as processing system failures and errors, and customer or employee fraud, and maintains insurance coverage for certain of
 these risks. Any system of controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Events could
 occur which are not prevented or detected by the Company s internal controls or are not insured against or are in excess of the Company s insurance limits. Any failure or circumvention of the Company s controls and procedures or failure to comply
 with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition.

Changes in Deposit Insurance Premiums Could Adversely Affect Our Business

As discussed above in Part I under the caption Business Premiums for Deposit Insurance, in September, 2020, the FDIC board of directors voted to adopt a restoration plan for the Deposit Insurance
 Fund to ensure that the ratio of the fund s reserves to insured deposits reaches 1.35 within the next 8 years, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The FDIC could further increase deposit premiums or impose special assessments in the future. Any
 further increases in the deposit insurance assessments the Bank pays would further increase our costs.

Negative Public Opinion Could Damage Our Reputation and Adversely Affect Our Earnings

Reputational risk, or the risk to our earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from the actual or perceived manner in which
 we conduct our business activities, management of actual or potential conflicts of interest and ethical issues, lending practices, governmental enforcement actions, corporate governance deficiencies, use of social media, cyber-security breaches and
 our protection of confidential client information, the implementation of environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices, or from actions taken by regulators or community organizations in response to such actions. Negative public opinion can
 adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and employees and can expose us to claims and litigation and regulatory action and increased liquidity risk and could have a material adverse effect on the price of our stock.

We May Not Be Able to Hire or Retain Additional Qualified Personnel and Recruiting and Compensation Costs May Increase as a Result of Turnover, Both of Which May Increase Costs and
 Reduce Profitability and May Adversely Impact Our Ability to Implement Our Business Strategy

Our success depends upon the ability to attract and retain highly motivated, well-qualified personnel. We face significant competition in the recruitment and retention of qualified employees. 
 Executive compensation in the financial services sector has been controversial and the subject of regulation. The FDIC has proposed rules which would increase deposit premiums for institutions with compensation practices deemed to increase risk to
 the institution. Over time, this guidance and the proposed rules, upon their adoption, could have the effect of making it more difficult for banks to attract and retain skilled personnel.

We May Be Adversely Affected by Unpredictable Catastrophic Events or Terrorist Attacks and Our Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plans May Not Adequately Protect Us from
 Serious Disaster

The occurrence of catastrophic events such as wildfires (including programs of public utility public safety power outages when weather conditions and fire danger warrant), earthquakes, flooding or
 other large-scale catastrophes and terrorist attacks could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations if a catastrophe rendered both our production data center in Sacramento and our recovery data center in Las Vegas
 unusable. There can be no assurance that our current disaster recovery plans and capabilities will protect us from serious disaster.

Changes in Accounting Standards Could Materially Impact Our Financial Statements

The Company s consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, called GAAP. The financial
 information contained within our consolidated financial statements is, to a significant extent, financial information that is based on approximate measures of the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. A variety
 of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset or relieving a liability. Along with other factors, we use historical loss factors to determine the inherent loss
 that may be present in our loan portfolio. Actual losses could differ significantly from the historical loss factors that we use. Other estimates that we use are fair value of our securities, expected useful lives of our depreciable
 assets, fair value of stock options, calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the value of our mortgage servicing rights. We have not entered into derivative contracts for our customers or for
 ourselves, which relate to interest rate, credit, equity, commodity, energy, or weather-related indices, other than forward commitments related to our loans held for sale portfolio. From time to time, the FASB and SEC change the financial
 accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements or new interpretations of existing standards emerge as standard industry practice. These changes can be difficult to predict and operationally complex to
 implement and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in our restating prior period
 financial statements. 

21 

Table of Contents 

The FASB issued ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which replaces the
 incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the current expected credit loss (CECL) methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology is applicable to financial assets measured
 at amortized costs, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. It also applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and other
 similar instruments) and net investments in certain leases. In addition, ASC 326 made changes to the accounting for available-for-sale debt securities. One such change is to require credit losses to be presented as an allowance rather than as a
 write-down on available-for-sale debt securities, based on management s intent to sell the security or likelihood the Company will be required to sell the security, before recovery of the amortized cost basis. The Company will apply the
 amendment s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings at the beginning of the first period the amendment is effective. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2023. Management has taken steps to prepare
 for the implementation requirements of this standard, such as developing policies, procedures and internal controls over the model and working with a software vendor to measure expected losses required by the amendment. Based on the loan portfolio
 composition, characteristics and quality of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, and the current economic environment, management estimates that the total allowance for loan losses and reserve for unfunded commitments will increase from
 approximately 15.5 million to approximately 16.7 million to 18.3 million or an increase of 1.2 million to 2.8 million. The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from 0.9 million to 2.1 million. The economic conditions,
 forecasts and assumptions used in the model could be significantly different in future periods. The impact of the change in the allowance on our results of operations in a provision for credit losses will depend on the current period net
 charge-offs, level of loan originations, and change in mix of the loan portfolio. As time progresses and the results of economic conditions require model assumption inputs to change, further refinements to the estimation process may also be
 identified.

There is a Limited Public Market for the Company s Common Stock Which May Make It Difficult for Shareholders to Dispose of Their Shares

The Company s common stock is not listed on any exchange. However, trades may be reported on the OTC Markets under the symbol FNRN. The Company is aware that JWTT, Inc., Monroe Securities and
 Raymond James all currently make a market in the Company s common stock. Management is aware that there are also private transactions in the Company s common stock. However, the limited trading market for the Company s common stock may make it
 difficult for shareholders to dispose of their shares. Also, the price of the Company s common stock may be affected by general market price movements as well as developments specifically related to the financial services sector, including
 interest rate movements, quarterly variations, or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and a significant reduction in the price of the stock of another participant in the financial services industry.

Advances and Changes in Technology, and the Company s Ability to Adapt Its Technology, May Strain Our Available Resources and Could Adversely Impact Our Ability to Compete and the
 Company s Business and Operations

Advances and changes in technology can significantly impact the business and operations of the Company. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change which regularly
 involves the introduction of new products and services based on new or enhanced technologies. Examples include cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, biometric authentication and data protection enhancements, as well as
 increased online and mobile device interaction with customers and increased demand for providing computer access to Bank accounts and the systems to perform banking transactions electronically. The Company s merchant processing services require
 the use of advanced computer hardware and software technology and rapidly changing customer and regulatory requirements. The Company s ability to compete effectively depends on its ability to continue to adapt its technology on a timely and
 cost-effective basis to meet these requirements. Our continued success and the maintenance of our competitive position depends, in part, upon our ability to meet the needs of our customers through the application of new technologies. If we fail to
 maintain or enhance our competitive position with regard to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer needs and expectations or because our technological initiatives fail to perform as desired or are not timely implemented, we may
 lose market share or incur additional expense. Our ability to execute our core operations and to implement technology and other important initiatives may be adversely affected if our resources are insufficient or if we are unable to allocate
 available resources effectively.

In addition, the Company s business and operations are susceptible to negative impacts from computer system failures, communication and power disruption, and unethical individuals with the
 technological ability to cause disruptions or failures of the Company s data processing systems.

22 

Table of Contents 

Information Security Breaches or Other Technological Difficulties Could Adversely Affect the Company

Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, transmission and reporting of personal, confidential and other sensitive information in our computer systems, networks and business applications.
 Although we take protective measures, our computer systems, as well as the systems of our third-party providers, may be vulnerable to breaches or attacks, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, operational errors,
 including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems, and other events that could have significant negative consequences to us. Such events could result in interruptions or
 malfunctions in our or our customers operations, interception, misuse or mishandling of personal or confidential information, or processing of unauthorized transactions or loss of funds. These events could result in litigation, regulatory
 enforcement actions, and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered by our insurance, or result in regulatory consequences or reputational harm, any of which could harm our competitive position, operating results and
 financial condition. We maintain cyber insurance, but this insurance may not cover all costs associated with cyber incidents or the consequences of personal or confidential information being compromised. These types of incidents can remain
 undetected for extended periods of time, thereby increasing the associated risks. We may also be required to expend significant resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or exposures arising from
 cybersecurity risks.

We depend on the continued efficacy of our technical systems, operational infrastructure, relationships with third parties and our employees in our day-to-day and ongoing operations. Our increasing
 dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. With regard to
 the physical infrastructure that supports our operations, we have taken measures to implement backup systems and other safeguards, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any disruption to that infrastructure. Failures in
 our internal control or operational systems, security breaches or service interruptions could impair our ability to operate our business and result in potential liability to customers, reputational damage and regulatory intervention, any of which
 could harm our operating results and financial condition.

We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from other events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as outages related to electrical, internet or
 telecommunications, natural disasters (such as major seismic events), or unexpected difficulties with the implementation of our technology enhancement and replacement projects, which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to
 financial loss or liability. Our business recovery plan may not work as intended or may not prevent significant interruptions of our operations.

In recent years, it has been reported that several of the larger U.S. banking institutions have been the target of various denial-of-service or other cyberattacks (including attempts to inject
 malicious code and viruses into computer systems) that have, for limited periods, resulted in the disruption of various operations of the targeted banks. These cyber-attacks originate from a variety of sophisticated sources who may be involved with
 organized crime, linked to terrorist organizations or hostile countries and have extensive resources to disrupt the operations of the Bank or the financial system more generally. The potential for denial-of-service and other attacks requires
 substantial resources to defend and may affect customer satisfaction and behavior. To date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyberattacks or other information security breaches, but there can be no assurance that we will not
 suffer such losses or information security breaches in the future. A successful cyber-attack could result in a material disruption of the Bank s operations, exposure of confidential information and financial loss to the Bank, its clients, customers
 and counterparties and could lead to significant exposure to litigation and regulatory fines, penalties and other sanctions as well as reputational damage. While we have a variety of cyber-security measures in place, the consequences to our
 business, if we were to become a target of such attacks, cannot be predicted with any certainty.

In addition, there have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions, including through the use of
 social engineering schemes such as phishing. The ability of our customers to bank remotely, including online and though mobile devices, requires secure transmission of confidential information and increases the risk of data security breaches
 which would expose us to claims by customers or others and which could adversely affect our reputation and could lead to a material loss.

We, and other banking institutions, are also at risk of increased losses from fraudulent conduct of criminals using increasingly sophisticated techniques which, in some cases, are part of larger
 criminal organizations which allow them to be more effective. This criminal activity is taking many forms, including information theft, debit/credit card fraud, check fraud, mechanical devices affixed to ATM s, social engineering, phishing attacks
 to obtain personal information, or impersonation of customers through falsified or stolen credentials, business email compromise, and other criminal endeavors. We, and other banking institutions are also at risk of fraudulent or criminal activities
 by employees, contractors, vendors and others with whom we do business. There is also the risk of errors by our employees and others responsible for the systems and controls on which we depend and any resulting failures of these systems and
 controls could significantly harm the Company, including customer remediation costs, regulatory fines and penalties, litigation or enforcement actions, or limitations on our business activities.

23 

Table of Contents 

Under the applicable Federal regulatory guidance, financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management
 processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. In addition, a financial institution s
 management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial
 institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes that enable recovery of data and business operations and that address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall
 victim to this type of cyber-attack. A financial institution which fails to observe the regulatory guidance could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial sanctions.

The Federal bank regulators have also issued a cybersecurity assessment tool, the output of which can assist a financial institution s senior management and board of directors in assessing the
 institution s cybersecurity risk and preparedness. The first part of the assessment tool is the inherent risk profile, which aims to assist management in determining an institution s level of cybersecurity risk. The second part of the assessment
 tool is cybersecurity maturity, which is designed to help management assess whether their controls provide the desired level of preparedness. The Federal bank regulators plan to utilize the assessment tool as part of their examination process
 when evaluating financial institutions cybersecurity preparedness in information technology and safety and soundness examinations and inspections. Failure to effectively utilize this tool would result in regulatory criticism. Significant
 resources are required to adequately implement the tool and address any assessment concerns regarding preparedness. Management has conducted cyber-security assessments using this tool and expects to perform additional periodic assessments to
 facilitate the identification and remediation of any concerns regarding our cyber-security preparedness.

Even if cyber-attacks and similar tactics are not directed specifically at the Bank, such attacks on other large financial institutions could disrupt the overall functioning of the financial system
 and undermine consumer confidence in banks generally, to the detriment of other financial institutions, including the Bank. A data security breach at a large U.S. retailer resulted in the compromise of data related to credit and debit cards of
 large numbers of customers requiring many banks, including the Bank, to reissue credit and debit cards for affected customers and reimburse these customers for losses sustained.

We maintain insurance which we believe provides sufficient coverage against these risks at a manageable expense for an institution of our size and scope with similar technological systems. However,
 we cannot assure that this policy would be sufficient to cover all financial losses, damages, penalties, including lost revenues, should we experience any one or more of our or a third-party s systems failing or experiencing attack.

Environmental Hazards Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company s Business, Financial Condition, and Results of Operations

The Company, in its ordinary course of business, acquires real property securing loans that are in default, and there is a risk that hazardous substances or waste, contaminants or pollutants could
 exist on such properties. The Company may be required to remove or remediate such substances from the affected properties at its expense, and the cost of such removal or remediation may substantially exceed the value of the affected properties or
 the loans secured by such properties. Furthermore, the Company may not have adequate remedies against the prior owners or other responsible parties to recover its costs. Finally, the Company may find it difficult or impossible to sell the
 affected properties either prior to or following any such removal. In addition, the Company may be considered liable for environmental liabilities in connection with its borrowers properties, if, among other things, it participates in the
 management of its borrowers operations. The occurrence of such an event could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

The Company May Not Be Successful in Raising Additional Capital Needed in the Future

If additional capital is needed in the future as a result of losses or growth or our business strategy or regulatory requirements, there is no assurance that our efforts to raise such additional
 capital will be successful or that shares sold in the future will be sold at prices or on terms equal to or better than the current market price. The inability to raise additional capital when needed or at prices and terms acceptable to us could
 adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategies.

In the Future, the Company May Be Required to Recognize Impairment With Respect to Investment Securities, Which May Adversely Affect our Results of Operations

The Company s securities portfolio currently includes securities with unrecognized losses. The Company may continue to observe declines in the fair market value of these securities. Management
 evaluates the securities portfolio for any other-than-temporary impairment each reporting period, as required by generally accepted accounting principles. There can be no assurance, however, that future evaluations of the securities portfolio will
 not require us to recognize impairment charges with respect to these and other holdings, which could adversely affect our results of operations.

24 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the U.S. Tax Laws Have Impacted Our Business and Results of Operations in a Variety of Ways, Some of Which Are Positive, and Others Which May Be Negative

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA ), signed into law on December 22, 2017, enacted sweeping changes to the U.S. federal tax laws generally effective January 1, 2018. These changes have impacted our business and
 results of operations in a variety of ways, some of which are positive and others which are negative. The TCJA reduced the corporate tax rate to 21 from 35 , which resulted in a net reduction in our annual income tax expense and which has also
 benefited many of our corporate and other small business borrowers. However, our ability to utilize tax credits, such as those arising from low-income housing and alternative energy investments, is constrained by the lower tax rate. There are
 presently pending in the U.S. Congress measures which would substantially increase the U.S. corporate tax rate. If enacted, such measures could adversely impact our profitability and that of our business and commercial customers.

Our Operations, Businesses and Customers Could be Materially Adversely Affected by the Physical Effects of Climate Change, as well as Governmental and Societal Responses to Climate Change

There is increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical effects of climate change include rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels and
 an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including droughts, wildfires, floods, hurricanes and tornados. Most of the Company s operations and customers are located in California, which could be
 adversely impacted by severe weather events. Agriculture is especially dependent on climate, and climate impacts could include shifting average growing conditions, increased climate and weather variability, decreases in available water sources, and
 more uncertainty in predicting climate and weather conditions, any or all of which could have a particularly adverse impact on our agricultural customers. Elevated temperatures and carbon dioxide levels can have large impacts on appropriate
 nutrient levels, soil moisture, water availability, working condition, and various other critical performance conditions. Such climate-related impacts could disrupt our operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which we rely,
 result in market volatility, negatively impact our customers ability to pay outstanding loans, damage collateral or result in the deterioration of the value of collateral or insurance shortfalls. These events could reduce the Company s earnings
 and cause volatility in the Company s financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

Additional legislation and regulatory requirements and changes in consumer preferences, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy, could increase expenses of, or otherwise adversely
 impact, the Company, its businesses or its customers. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, reduced availability of insurance, and the like, as a result of governmental actions or societal
 responses to climate change. New and/or more stringent regulatory requirements relating to climate change or environmental sustainability could materially affect the Company s results of operations by increasing our compliance costs. Regulatory
 changes or market shifts to low-carbon products could also impact the creditworthiness of some of our customers or reduce the value of assets securing loans, which may require the Company to adjust our lending portfolios and business strategies.

25 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES

As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank are engaged in the banking business through 14 offices in five counties in Northern California operating out of three offices in Solano County, six in
 Yolo County, two in Sacramento County, two in Placer County and one in Contra Costa County. In addition, the Company owns three vacant lots, two in northern Solano County and one in eastern Sacramento County, for possible future bank sites.

As of December 31, 2022, the Bank owns three branch office locations and two administrative facilities and leases 11 facilities. Most of the leases contain multiple renewal options and provisions for
 rental increases, principally for changes in the cost of living index, property taxes and maintenance.

See Item 1 Business - General in this report for more information regarding our properties.

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Neither the Company nor the Bank is a party to any material pending legal proceeding, nor is any of its property the subject of any material pending legal proceeding, except ordinary routine
 litigation arising in the ordinary course of the Bank s business and incidental to its business, none of which is expected to have a material adverse impact upon the Company s or the Bank s business, financial position or results of operations.

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

26 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The Company s common stock is not listed on any exchange. However, trades may be reported on the OTC Markets under the symbol FNRN. The Company is aware that JWTT, Inc., Monroe Securities and
 Raymond James all currently make a market in the Company s common stock. Management is aware that there are also private transactions in the Company s common stock, and the data set forth below may not reflect all such transactions.

The following table summarizes the range of reported high and low bid quotations of the Company s Common Stock for each quarter during the last two fiscal years and is based on information provided by
 D.A. Davidson. The quotations reflect the price that would be received by the seller without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not have represented actual transactions:

QUARTER/YEAR

HIGH 

LOW 

4th Quarter 2022

8.05

7.22

3rd Quarter 2022

8.80

8.00

2nd Quarter 2022

9.71

8.57

1st Quarter 2022

10.24

9.25

4th Quarter 2021

9.89

9.17

3rd Quarter 2021

10.20

9.81

2nd Quarter 2021

10.66

9.43

1st Quarter 2021

9.80

8.55

Price adjusted for stock dividends in the indicated periods for the 5 stock dividends payable March 24, 2023 and March 25, 2022, as described below.

As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 1,397 holders of record of the Company s common stock, no par value.

In the prior two fiscal years and to date, the Company has declared the following stock dividends:

Shareholder Record Date

Dividend Percentage

Date Payable

February 26, 2021

5

March 25, 2021

February 28, 2022

5

March 25, 2022

February 28, 2023

5

March 24, 2023

The Company does not expect to pay a cash dividend in the foreseeable future. Our ability to declare and pay dividends is affected by certain regulatory restrictions. See Business Restrictions on Dividends and Other Distributions above.

For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

27 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The Company made the following repurchases of its common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

Period

Total number of

 shares purchased

Average price

 paid per share

Number of shares 

 purchased as part of 

 publicly announced 

 plans or programs (1) 

Maximum number of 

 shares that may yet be 

purchased under the 

 plans or programs (1) 

January 1 - January 31, 2022

41,379

February 1 - February 28, 2022

1,401

10.88

1,401

39,978

March 1 - March 31, 2022

39,978

April 1 - April 30, 2022

39,978

May 1 - May 31, 2022

7,280

9.50

7,280

32,698

June 1 - June 30, 2022

32,698

July 1 - July 31, 2022

32,698

August 1 - August 31, 2022

32,698

September 1 - September 30, 2022

2,000

8.77

2,000

30,698

October 1 - October 31, 2022

3,144

7.95

3,144

27,554

November 1 - November 30, 2022

7,500

8.05

7,500

20,054

December 1 - December 31, 2022

20,054

21,325

21,325

(1)

On May 20, 2021, the Company approved a new stock repurchase program effective June 15, 2021. The new stock repurchase program, which will remain in effect until June 14, 2023, allows repurchases by the
 Company in an aggregate amount of up to 4 of the Company s 13,680,085 outstanding shares of common stock as of March 31, 2021. This represents total shares of 547,203 eligible for repurchase. The Company repurchased 21,325 and 505,824
 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

28 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6 - RESERVED

29 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

Introduction

This overview highlights selected information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. For a more complete understanding of trends, events, commitments,
 uncertainties, liquidity, capital resources, and critical accounting estimates, you should carefully read this entire Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of changes in results of operations comparing the years ended December 31, 2021 and
 2020, for the Company and its subsidiary, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on
 March 11, 2022.

Our subsidiary, First Northern Bank of Dixon, is a California state-chartered bank that derives most of its revenues from lending and deposit taking in the Sacramento Valley region of Northern
 California. Interest rates, business conditions and customer confidence all affect our ability to generate revenues. In addition, the regulatory environment and competition can challenge our ability to generate those revenues.

Financial highlights for 2022 include:

The Company reported net income of 15.9 million for 2022, a 12.0 increase compared to net income of 14.2 million for 2021. Net income per common share for 2022 was 1.11, an increase of 15.6 
 compared to net income per common share of 0.96 for 2021. Net income per common share on a fully diluted basis was 1.09 for 2022, an increase of 14.7 compared to net income per common share on a fully diluted basis of 0.95 for 2021.

Net interest income totaled 54.7 million for 2022, an increase of 18.2 from 46.3 million in 2021, primarily due to loan growth and an increasing interest rate environment. Net interest margin was
 3.06 for the year ended 2022 which was a 16.8 or 44 basis point improvement from the 2.62 reported for the year ended 2021.

Provision for loan losses totaled 0.9 million in 2022, an increase of 160.0 from a reversal of provision for loan losses of 1.5 million in 2021. The year-to-date provision
 for loan loss was primarily due to loan growth. The prior year-to-date reversal of provision for loan losses was primarily due to a decrease in specific reserves on loans to one borrower, coupled with an overall
 decrease in qualitative factors resulting from an improvement in economic conditions. 

Non-interest income totaled 6.9 million in 2022, a decrease of 11.8 from 7.9 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in gains on sales of loans held-for-sale due to a
 decrease in mortgage loan origination volumes due to an increase in interest rates and slowdown in refinancing activity. This was partially offset by an increase in other income, which was primarily due to non-taxable income from a bank owned life
 insurance policy.

Non-interest expenses totaled 39.1 million for 2022, up 7.9 from 36.2 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits and other expenses. The
 increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily due to increased staffing levels, decrease in capitalization of loan origination costs, and increases in contingent compensation and profit-sharing expenses. The increase in other expenses
 was primarily due to increases in provision for unfunded commitments, and legal and consulting fees, which was partially offset by a decrease in loan collection expenses.

The Company reported total assets of 1.87 billion as of December 31, 2022, down 1.5 from 1.90 billion as of December 31, 2021.

Investments decreased to 618.1 million as of December 31, 2022, a 2.2 decrease from 632.2 million as of December 31, 2021. U.S. Treasury securities totaled 113.8 million as of December 31, 2022,
 up 32.0 from 86.2 million as of December 31, 2021; securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations totaled 118.9 million, up 15.9 from 102.6 million as of December 31, 2021; obligations of state and political subdivisions totaled 53.3
 million, up 16.0 from 46.0 million as of December 31, 2021; collateralized mortgage obligations totaled 95.4 million, down 29.7 from 135.6 million as of December 31, 2021; and mortgage-backed securities totaled 236.7 million, down 9.6 from
 261.8 million as of December 31, 2021.

Loans (including loans held-for-sale), net of allowance, increased to 970.1 million as of December 31, 2022, a 13.6 increase from 853.8 million as of December 31, 2021. Commercial loans totaled
 106.8 million as of December 31, 2022, down 21.4 from 135.9 million as of December 31, 2021; commercial real estate loans were 645.2 million, up 22.4 from 526.9 million as of December 31, 2021; agriculture loans were 114.0 million, up 6.4 
 from 107.2 million as of December 31, 2021; residential mortgage loans were 92.7 million, up 21.7 from 76.2 million as of December 31, 2021; residential construction loans were 10.2 million, up 126.8 from 4.5 million as of December 31, 2021;
 and consumer loans totaled 15.3 million, down 11.4 from 17.2 million as of December 31, 2021.

30 

Table of Contents 

Deposits decreased to 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, a 0.08 decrease from 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2021.

There were no FHLB advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

Stockholders equity decreased to 125.0 million as of December 31, 2022, a 17.1 decrease from 150.9 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the increase in accumulated
 other comprehensive loss on unrealized losses on investment securities due to the rising interest rate environment.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
 expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to the allowance for loan losses, other real estate owned, investments, and income taxes. 
 The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
 liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

The Company believes the following critical accounting policies affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements:

Allowance for Loan Losses

The Company believes the allowance for loan losses accounting policy is critical because the loan portfolio represents the largest asset on the consolidated balance sheet, and there is
 significant judgment used in determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses at an amount estimated to equal all credit losses incurred in our loan portfolio that are both
 probable and reasonable to estimate at a balance sheet date. Loan losses are charged off against the allowance, while recoveries of amounts previously charged off are credited to the allowance. A provision for loan
 losses is based on the Company s periodic evaluation of the factors mentioned below, as well as other pertinent factors. 

The allowance for loan losses consists of a specifically allocated component and a collective or pooled component. The components of the allowance for loan losses represent estimates. The
 specifically allocated component of the allowance for loan losses reflects expected losses resulting from specific analyses resulting in credit allocations for individual loans. The specific credit analyses are based on regular analyses of all
 loans where the internal credit rating (risk rating) is at or below a predetermined classification. The Company manages risk ratings through the analysis of initial credit requests and ongoing examination of outstanding loans and delinquencies,
 with particular attention to portfolio dynamics and loan mix. Determination of the risk rating involves significant management judgement. These specific analyses involve a high degree of judgment in estimating the amount of loss associated with
 specific loans, including estimating the amount and timing of future cash flows and collateral values.

A significant portion of the allowance for loan losses is measured on a collective (pooled) basis by loan type when similar risk characteristics exist. For loans evaluated collectively, the allowance
 for loan losses is determined using historical losses adjusted for qualitative and environmental factors to reflect current conditions. The qualitative and environment factors used to adjust our historical loss rates by loan type consist of the
 risks of the Company s general lending activity, including risk of losses that are attributable to national or local economic or industry trends which have occurred but have yet been recognized in past loan charge-off history, and risk of losses
 attributable to general attributes of the Company s loan portfolio and credit administration. The most significant component of the factors used to estimate the allowance for loan losses are adjustments related to prevailing economic and business
 conditions. The prevailing economic and business conditions factor is estimated based on a range of potential economic conditions and is applied at the pooled level based on various factors. This estimate is subject to significant judgment and
 could potentially add 3.0 million based on existing loan balances, if not more, to the allowance for loan losses in more pessimistic business and economic conditions. Although the Company believes its process for determining the allowance
 adequately considers all of the potential factors that could potentially result in credit losses, the process includes subjective elements and may be susceptible to significant change. To the extent actual outcomes differ from Company estimates,
 additional provision for credit losses could be required that could adversely affect earnings or financial position in future periods.

For information regarding the changes in methodology relating to the allowance for loan losses effective January 1, 2023, due to the FASB s ASU 2016-13, see Impact of Recently Issued Accounting
 Standards below in this section.

31 

Table of Contents 

Impaired Loans

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan
 agreement, including scheduled interest payments. For a loan that has been restructured in a troubled debt restructuring, the contractual terms of the loan agreement refer to the contractual terms specified by the original loan agreement, not the
 contractual terms specified by the restructuring agreement. An impaired loan is measured based upon the present value of future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective rate, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of collateral
 if the loan is collateral dependent. If the measurement of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, an impairment is recognized by a charge to the allowance for loan losses.

Other-than-temporary Impairment in Debt Securities

Debt securities with fair values that are less than amortized cost are considered impaired. Impairment may result from either a decline in the financial condition of the issuing entity or, in the
 case of fixed interest rate debt securities, from rising interest rates. At each consolidated financial statement date, management assesses each debt security in an unrealized loss position to determine if impaired debt securities are temporarily
 impaired or if the impairment is other than temporary. This assessment includes consideration regarding the duration and severity of impairment, the credit quality of the issuer and a determination of whether the Company intends to sell the
 security, or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current-period credit losses. Other-than-temporary impairment is recognized in earnings if one
 of the following conditions exists: 1) the Company s intent is to sell the security; 2) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before the impairment is recovered; or 3) the Company does not expect to
 recover its amortized cost basis. If, by contrast, the Company does not intend to sell the security and will not be required to sell the security prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis, the Company recognizes only the credit loss component
 of other-than-temporary impairment in earnings. The credit loss component is calculated as the difference between the security s amortized cost basis and the present value of its expected future cash flows. The remaining difference between the
 security s fair value and the present value of the future expected cash flows is deemed to be due to factors that are not credit related and is recognized in other comprehensive income.

Fair Value Measurements

The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available-for-sale are recorded at
 fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a non-recurring basis, such as loans held-for-sale, loans held-for-investment and certain other assets. These
 non-recurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or
 circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally corresponds with the Company s quarterly valuation process. For additional discussion, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this
 Form 10-K.

Share-Based Payment

The Company determines the fair value of stock options at grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model that takes into account the stock price at the grant date, the exercise price, the
 expected dividend yield, stock price volatility, and the risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the option. The Black-Scholes-Merton model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected life of the
 stock-based award and stock price volatility. The estimates used in the model involve inherent uncertainties and the application of Management s judgment. As a result, if other assumptions had been used, our recorded stock-based compensation
 expense could have been materially different from that reflected in these financial statements. The fair value of non-vested restricted common shares generally equals the stock price at grant date. In addition, we estimate the expected forfeiture
 rate and only recognize expense for those share-based awards expected to vest. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from the estimate, the share-based compensation expense could be materially different. For additional discussion,
 see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K.

Accounting for Income Taxes

Income taxes reported in the consolidated financial statements are computed based on an asset and liability approach. We recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and
 deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences that have been recognized in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the
 consolidated financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record net deferred tax assets to the extent it is more-likely-than-not
 that they will be realized. In evaluating our ability to recover the deferred tax assets, Management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable
 income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. In projecting future taxable income, Management develops assumptions including the amount of future state and federal pretax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences,
 and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates being used to manage the underlying
 business. The Company files consolidated federal and combined state income tax returns.

32 

Table of Contents 

A more-likely-than-not recognition threshold must be met before a tax benefit can be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. For tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not
 threshold, an enterprise may recognize only the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. To the extent tax authorities disagree with these tax
 positions, our effective tax rates could be materially affected in the period of settlement with the taxing authorities. For additional discussion, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K.

Mortgage Servicing Rights

Transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities are accounted for and reported based on consistent application of a financial-components approach that focuses on
 control. Transfers of financial assets that are sales are distinguished from transfers that are secured borrowings. Retained servicing rights on loans sold are measured by allocating the previous carrying amount of the transferred assets between
 the loans sold and retained interest, if any, based on their relative fair value at the date of transfer. Fair values are estimated using discounted cash flows based on a current market interest rate. The Company recognizes a gain and a related
 asset for the fair value of the rights to service loans for others when loans are sold.

The recorded value of mortgage servicing rights is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets initially at fair value, and is amortized in proportion to, and over the period of,
 estimated net servicing revenues. The Company assesses capitalized mortgage servicing rights for impairment based upon the fair value of those rights at each reporting date. For purposes of measuring impairment, the rights are stratified based
 upon the product type, term and interest rates. Fair value is determined by discounting estimated net future cash flows from mortgage servicing activities using discount rates that approximate current market rates and estimated prepayment rates,
 among other assumptions. The amount of impairment recognized, if any, is the amount by which the capitalized mortgage servicing rights for a stratum exceeds their fair value. Impairment, if any, is recognized through a valuation allowance for
 each individual stratum.

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards

The FASB issued ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which replaces the
 incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the current expected credit loss (CECL) methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology is applicable to financial assets measured
 at amortized costs, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. It also applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and other
 similar instruments) and net investments in certain leases. In addition, ASC 326 made changes to the accounting for available-for-sale debt securities. One such change is to require credit losses to be presented as an allowance rather than as a
 write-down on available-for-sale debt securities, based on management s intent to sell the security or likelihood the Company will be required to sell the security, before recovery of the amortized cost basis. The Company will apply the
 amendment s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings at the beginning of the first period the amendment is effective. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company as of January 1, 2023. Management has taken steps to prepare
 for the implementation requirements of this standard, such as developing policies, procedures and internal controls over the model and working with a software vendor to measure expected losses required by the amendment. Based on the loan portfolio
 composition, characteristics and quality of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, and the current economic environment, management estimates that the total allowance for loan losses and reserve for unfunded commitments will increase from
 approximately 15.5 million to approximately 16.7 million to 18.3 million or an increase of 1.2 million to 2.8 million. The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from 0.9 million to 2.1 million. The economic conditions,
 forecasts and assumptions used in the model could be significantly different in future periods. The impact of the change in the allowance on our results of operations in a provision for credit losses will depend on the current period net
 charge-offs, level of loan originations, and change in mix of the loan portfolio. As time progresses and the results of economic conditions require model assumption inputs to change, further refinements to the estimation process may also be
 identified.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848). This ASU provides temporary optional guidance to ease the potential burden in
 accounting for reference rate reform. This ASU provides optional expedients and exceptions for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or other reference rates expected to be discontinued because of reference
 rate reform. This ASU was effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. As of January 1, 2022, the Company is no longer originating LIBOR based loans and are originating new loans using the Secured Overnight Financing
 Rate (SOFR). For existing LIBOR based loans, the Company is monitoring the development and reporting of fallback indices. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.

33 

Table of Contents 

In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope. This ASU clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in
 Topic 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. The ASU also amends the expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 to capture the incremental consequences of the scope
 clarification and to tailor the existing guidance to derivative instruments affected by the discounting transition. An entity may elect to apply ASU 2021-01 on contract modifications that change the interest rate used for margining, discounting,
 or contract price alignment retrospectively as of any date from the beginning of the interim period that includes March 12, 2020, or prospectively to new modifications from any date within the interim period that includes or is subsequent to
 January 7, 2021, up to the date that financial statements are available to be issued. An entity may elect to apply ASU 2021-01 to eligible hedging relationships existing as of the beginning of the interim period that includes March 12, 2020, and
 to new eligible hedging relationships entered into after the beginning of the interim period that includes March 12, 2020. The Company is in the process of evaluating the provisions of this ASU but does not expect it to have a material impact on
 the Company s consolidated financial statements.

In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. This ASU extends the period of
 time preparers can utilize the reference rate reform relief guidance in Topic 848. ASU 2022-06 defers the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024, after which entities will no longer be permitted to apply the relief
 in Topic 848. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.

In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. These
 amendments eliminate the TDR recognition and measurement guidance and, instead, require that an entity evaluate (consistent with the accounting for other loan modifications) whether the modification represents a new loan or a continuation of an
 existing loan. The amendments also enhance existing disclosure requirements and introduce new requirements related to certain modifications of receivables made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. For public business entities, these
 amendments require that an entity disclose current-period gross writeoffs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investment in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20. This ASU is effective on January 1, 2023, the same
 effective date as ASU 2016-13. The Company is currently evaluating the effects that the adoption of these amendments will have on its consolidated financial statements.

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. 
 These amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. This ASU is effective
 for fiscal years, including interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.

34 

Table of Contents 

STATISTICAL INFORMATION AND DISCUSSION

The following statistical information and discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II (Item 8) of this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K.

The following tables present information regarding the consolidated average assets, liabilities and stockholders equity, the amounts of interest income from average earning assets and the resulting
 yields, and the amount of interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Average loan balances include non-performing loans. Interest income includes proceeds from loans on non-accrual status only to the extent cash payments have been
 received and applied as interest income. Tax-exempt income is not shown on a tax equivalent basis.

Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Stockholders Equity;

Interest Rates and Interest Differential

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Average

 Balance

Percent

Average

 Balance

Percent

Average

 Balance

Percent

ASSETS 

Cash and Due From Banks

268,041

14.2

363,172

19.6

221,140

14.3

Certificates of Deposit

12,804

0.7

14,250

0.8

19,210

1.2

Investment Securities

629,600

33.2

542,709

29.4

358,005

23.2

Loans (1) 

915,278

48.3

876,502

47.4

894,626

57.9

Stock in Federal Home Loan Bank and other equity securities, at cost

8,746

0.5

6,919

0.4

6,509

0.4

Other Assets

58,767

3.1

45,059

2.4

46,388

3.0

Total Assets

1,893,236

100.0

1,848,611

100.0

1,545,878

100.0

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Deposits:

Demand

805,738

42.6

764,676

41.4

577,559

37.3

Interest-Bearing Transaction Deposits

441,543

23.3

420,481

22.7

356,867

23.1

Savings and MMDAs

449,169

23.7

436,931

23.6

387,490

25.0

Time Certificates

47,022

2.5

54,465

2.9

54,147

3.5

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances

0.0

1,809

0.1

5,656

0.4

Other Liabilities

18,887

1.0

19,418

1.1

19,493

1.3

Stockholders Equity

130,877

6.9

150,831

8.2

144,666

9.4

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

1,893,236

100.0

1,848,611

100.0

1,545,878

100.0

(1) 

Average balances for loans include loans held-for-sale and non-accrual loans and are net of the allowance for loan losses.

35 

Table of Contents 

Net Interest Earnings

Average Balances, Yields and Rates 

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Assets

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Yields

 Earned/

 Rates

 Paid

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Yields

 Earned/

 Rates

 Paid

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Yields

 Earned/

 Rates

 Paid

Total Loans, Including

 Loan Fees (1) 

915,278

42,316

4.62

876,502

39,207

4.47

894,626

40,569

4.53

Due From Banks

222,335

3,546

1.59

322,951

425

0.13

188,021

582

0.31

Certificates of Deposit

12,804

283

2.21

14,250

297

2.08

19,210

438

2.28

Investment Securities:

Taxable

591,987

8,296

1.40

514,350

6,249

1.21

336,586

6,406

1.90

Non-taxable (2) 

37,613

909

2.42

28,359

603

2.13

21,419

498

2.33

Total Investment Securities

629,600

9,205

1.46

542,709

6,852

1.26

358,005

6,904

1.93

Other Earning Assets

8,746

532

6.08

6,919

395

5.71

6,509

371

5.70

Total Earning Assets

1,788,763

55,882

3.12

1,763,331

47,176

2.68

1,466,371

48,864

3.33

Cash and Due from Banks

45,706

40,221

33,119

Interest Receivable and Other Assets

58,767

45,059

46,388

Total Assets

1,893,236

1,848,611

1,545,878

(1) 

Average balances for loans include loans held-for-sale and non-accrual loans and are net of the allowance for loan losses, but non-accrued interest thereon is excluded. Includes amortization of deferred loan fees
 and costs.

(2) 

Interest income and yields on tax-exempt securities are not presented on a taxable equivalent basis.

36 

Table of Contents 

Continuation of

Net Interest Earnings

Average Balances, Yields and Rates

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Yields

 Earned/

 Rates

 Paid

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Yields

 Earned/

 Rates

 Paid

Average

 Balance

Interest

 Income/

 Expense

Yields

 Earned/

 Rates

 Paid

Interest-Bearing Deposits:

Interest-Bearing

Transaction Deposits

441,543

337

0.08

420,481

248

0.06

356,867

358

0.10

Savings and MMDAs

449,169

716

0.16

436,931

474

0.11

387,490

786

0.20

Time Certificates

47,022

133

0.28

54,465

190

0.35

54,147

340

0.63

Total Interest-Bearing Deposits

937,734

1,186

0.13

911,877

912

0.10

798,504

1,484

0.19

Demand Deposits

805,738

764,676

577,559

Total Deposits

1,743,472

1,186

0.07

1,676,553

912

0.05

1,376,063

1,484

0.11

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances

1,809

5,656

Interest payable and Other Liabilities

18,887

19,418

19,493

Stockholders Equity

130,877

150,831

144,666

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

1,893,236

1,848,611

1,545,878

Net Interest Income and

Net Interest Margin (1) 

54,696

3.06

46,264

2.62

47,380

3.23

Net Interest Spread (2) 

2.99

2.58

3.14

(1) 

Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average interest-earning assets. 

(2) 

Net interest spread represents the average yield earned on interest-earning assets less the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities.

37 

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Changes

in Interest Income and Interest Expense

(Dollars in thousands)

Following is an analysis of changes in interest income and expense (dollars in thousands) for 2022 over 2021. Changes not solely due to interest rate or volume have been allocated proportionately to
 interest rate and volume.

2022 Over 2021

Volume

Interest

 Rate

Change

Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income:

Loans

1,768

1,341

3,109

Due From Banks

(171

3,292

3,121

Certificates of Deposit

(32

18

(14

Investment Securities - Taxable

1,003

1,044

2,047

Investment Securities - Non-taxable

216

90

306

Other Earning Assets

110

27

137

2,894

5,812

8,706

Increase (Decrease) in Interest Expense:

Deposits:

Interest-Bearing Transaction Deposits

12

77

89

Savings and MMDAs

14

228

242

Time Certificates

(23

(34

(57

3

271

274

Increase in Net Interest Income:

2,891

5,541

8,432

38 

Table of Contents 

INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO

Composition of Investment Securities

The mix of investment securities held by the Company at December 31 of the previous two fiscal years is as follows (dollars in thousands):

2022

2021

Investment securities available-for-sale (at fair value):

U.S. Treasury Securities

113,815

86,211

Securities of U.S. Government Agencies and Corporations

118,911

102,610

Obligations of State and Political Subdivisions

53,326

45,985

Collateralized Mortgage Obligations

95,350

135,652

Mortgage-Backed Securities

236,690

261,755

Total Investments

618,092

632,213

Maturities of Investment Securities

The following table summarizes the contractual maturity (dollars in thousands) and projected yields of the Company s investment securities as of December 31, 2022. The yields on tax-exempt securities
 are shown on a tax equivalent basis. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. In addition, factors such as
 prepayments and interest rates may affect the yield on carrying value of mortgage related securities.

Period to Maturities 

Within One Year

After One But

 Within Five Years

After Five But

 Within Ten Years

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Investment securities available-for-sale (at fair value):

U.S. Treasury Securities

34,254

1.59

77,387

1.59

2,174

1.28

Securities of U.S. Government Agencies and Corporations

16,793

1.47

85,821

1.48

16,297

2.25

Obligations of State and Political Subdivisions

207

0.44

8,410

2.17

16,283

3.11

Collateralized Mortgage Obligations

2,894

1.88

1,325

2.13

Mortgage-Backed Securities

136

1.79

12,613

2.16

73,570

1.91

TOTAL

51,390

1.55

187,125

1.61

109,649

2.13

After Ten Years

Total

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Investment securities available-for-sale (at fair value):

U.S. Treasury Securities

113,815

1.58

Securities of U.S. Government Agencies and Corporations

118,911

1.58

Obligations of State Political Subdivisions

28,426

3.13

53,326

2.96

Collateralized Mortgage Obligations

91,131

1.50

95,350

1.52

Mortgage-Backed Securities

150,371

1.39

236,690

1.59

TOTAL

269,928

1.61

618,092

1.70

39 

Table of Contents 

LOAN PORTFOLIO

Composition of Loans

The mix of loans, net of deferred origination fees and costs and allowance for loan losses and excluding loans held-for-sale, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is as follows (dollars in
 thousands):

2022

2021

Balance

Percent

Balance

Percent

Commercial

106,771

10.8

135,894

15.7

Commercial Real Estate

645,166

65.6

526,924

60.7

Agriculture

114,040

11.6

107,183

12.3

Residential Mortgage

92,669

9.4

76,160

8.8

Residential Construction

10,167

1.0

4,482

0.5

Consumer

15,287

1.6

17,258

2.0

984,100

100.0

867,901

100.0

Allowance for loan losses

(14,792

(13,952

Net deferred origination fees and costs

830

(1,232

TOTAL

970,138

852,717

As shown in the comparative figures for loan mix during 2022 and 2021, total loans increased as a result of increases in commercial real estate, agriculture, residential mortgage and residential
 construction loans, which was partially offset by decreases in commercial and consumer loans. The decrease in commercial loans was primarily due to PPP loan forgiveness and payoffs totaling approximately 37 million during the year ended December
 31, 2022.

Included in net deferred origination fees was 0 and 2.7 million in unearned PPP loan fees at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company received PPP processing fees totaling
 13.2 million from the SBA during 2021 and 2020. These fees were required to be recognized as an adjustment to the effective yield over the life of the loan. The Company recognized approximately 2.7 million and 4.7 million of PPP loan fees
 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which are included as a component of interest income on loans. The Company recognized the remaining balance of PPP loan fees during 2022.

Commercial loans are primarily for financing the needs of a diverse group of businesses located in the Bank s market areas. Commercial real estate loans generally fall into two categories,
 owner-occupied and non-owner occupied. Real estate construction loans are generally for financing the construction of single-family residential homes for individuals and builders we believe are well-qualified. These loans are secured by real
 estate and have short maturities. Residential mortgage loans, which are secured by real estate, include owner-occupied and non-owner occupied properties in the Bank s market areas. Loans are considered agriculture loans when the primary source of
 repayment is from the sale of an agricultural or agricultural-related product or service. Such loans are secured and/or unsecured to producers and processors of crops and livestock. The Bank also makes loans to individuals for investment
 purposes.

40 

Table of Contents 

Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates

The following table presents the maturity distribution of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) (excludes loans held-for-sale). The table also presents the portion of loans
 that have fixed interest rates or variable interest rates that fluctuate over the life of the loans in accordance with changes in an interest rate index.

Due in One

 Year or Less

After One,

 but Within

 Five Years

After Five

 but Within

 Fifteen Years

After Fifteen

 Years

Total

Commercial

18,121

66,916

21,703

31

106,771

Commercial Real Estate

13,507

98,935

454,802

77,922

645,166

Agriculture

24,892

11,824

24,494

52,830

114,040

Residential Mortgage

833

29,239

62,597

92,669

Residential Construction

4,006

85

1,756

4,320

10,167

Consumer

903

5,305

8,460

619

15,287

Total

61,429

183,898

540,454

198,319

984,100

Loans with fixed interest rates:

Commercial

3,605

53,827

10,271

67,703

Commercial Real Estate

7,207

61,728

213,559

36,901

319,395

Agriculture

2,199

10,277

18,235

30,711

Residential Mortgage

191

26,754

8,375

35,320

Residential Construction

117

117

Consumer

9

689

49

619

1,366

Total

13,137

126,712

268,868

45,895

454,612

Loans with variable interest rates:

Commercial

14,516

13,089

11,432

31

39,068

Commercial Real Estate

6,300

37,207

241,243

41,021

325,771

Agriculture

22,693

1,547

6,259

52,830

83,329

Residential Mortgage

642

2,485

54,222

57,349

Residential Construction

3,889

85

1,756

4,320

10,050

Consumer

894

4,616

8,411

13,921

Total

48,292

57,186

271,586

152,424

529,488

Non-Accrual, Past Due, OREO and Restructured Loans

It is generally the Company s policy to discontinue interest accruals once a loan is past due for a period of 90 days as to interest or principal payments. When a loan is placed on non-accrual,
 interest accruals cease and uncollected accrued interest is reversed and charged against current income. Payments received on non-accrual loans are applied against principal. A loan may only be restored to an accruing basis when it again becomes
 well secured and in the process of collection or all past due amounts have been collected and an appropriate period of performance has been demonstrated.

The following table summarizes the Company s non-accrual loans by loan category (dollars in thousands), net of guarantees of the State of California and U.S. Government, including its agencies and its
 government-sponsored agencies, at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

At December 31, 2022

At December 31, 2021

Gross

Guaranteed

Net

Gross

Guaranteed

Net

Commercial

133

33

100

Commercial real estate

555

555

Agriculture

7,416

7,416

8,712

8,712

Residential mortgage

123

123

138

138

Residential construction

Consumer

637

637

659

659

Total non-accrual loans

8,176

8,176

10,197

33

10,164

41 

Table of Contents 

Non-accrual loans amounted to 8,176,000 at December 31, 2022, and were comprised of three agriculture loans totaling 7,416,000, one residential mortgage loan totaling 123,000 and four consumer
 loans totaling 637,000. Non-accrual loans amounted to 10,197,000 at December 31, 2021, and were comprised of two commercial loans totaling 133,000, one commercial real estate loans totaling 555,000, three agriculture loans totaling 8,712,000,
 one residential mortgage loan totaling 138,000 and four consumer loans totaling 659,000.

If interest on non-accrual loans had been accrued, such interest income would have approximated 812,000 and 206,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income actually
 recognized on nonaccrual loans at payoff approximated 51,000 and 516,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired. Non-performing impaired
 loans are non-accrual loans and loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing. Non-performing impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 8,579,000 and 10,197,000, respectively. A restructuring of a loan can constitute a
 troubled debt restructuring TDR if the Company for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. The Company had 8,399,000 and 10,103,000
 in TDR loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A loan that is restructured in a TDR is considered an impaired loan. Performing impaired loans, which solely consisted of loans modified as TDRs, totaled 563,000 and 822,000 at
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company expects to collect all principal and interest due from performing impaired loans. These loans are not on non-accrual status. No assurance can be given that the existing or any additional
 collateral will be sufficient to secure full recovery of the obligations owed under these loans.

The Company had one loan totaling 403,000 that was 90 days or more past due and still accruing at December 31, 2022. The Company had no loans 90 days past due and still accruing as of the periods
 ended December 31, 2021.

As the following table illustrates, total non-performing assets, which consists of loans on non-accrual status, loans past due 90-days and still accruing and Other Real Estate Owned OREO net of
 guarantees of the State of California and U.S. Government, including its agencies and its government-sponsored agencies, decreased 1,585,000, or 15.6 , to 8,579,000 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Non-performing assets net of
 guarantees represented 0.5 of total assets at each of the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Bank s management believes that the 8,176,000 in non-accrual loans were appropriately reflected at their fair value at December 31, 2022. 
 However, no assurance can be given that the existing or any additional collateral will be sufficient to secure full recovery of the obligations owed under these loans.

At December 31, 2022

At December 31, 2021

Gross

Guaranteed

Net

Gross

Guaranteed

Net

(dollars in thousands)

Non-accrual loans

8,176

8,176

10,197

33

10,164

Loans 90 days past due and still accruing

403

403

Total non-performing loans

8,579

8,579

10,197

33

10,164

Other real estate owned

Total non-performing assets

8,579

8,579

10,197

33

10,164

Non-performing loans (net of guarantees) to total loans

0.9

1.2

Non-performing assets (net of guarantees) to total assets

0.5

0.5

Allowance for loan and lease losses to non-performing loans (net of guarantees)

172.4

137.3

OREO consists of property that the Company has acquired by deed in lieu of foreclosure or through foreclosure proceedings, and property that the Company does not hold title to but is in actual control
 of, known as in-substance foreclosure. The estimated fair value of the property is determined prior to transferring the balance to OREO. The balance transferred to OREO is the estimated fair value of the property less estimated cost to sell. 
 Impairment may be deemed necessary to bring the book value of the loan equal to the appraised value. Appraisals or loan officer evaluations are then conducted periodically thereafter charging any additional impairment to the appropriate expense
 account. The Company had no OREO as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

42 

Table of Contents 

Potential Problem Loans

The Company manages asset quality and credit risk by maintaining diversification in its loan portfolio and through review processes that include analysis of credit requests and ongoing examination of
 outstanding loans and delinquencies, with particular attention to portfolio dynamics and loan mix. The Company strives to identify loans experiencing difficulty early enough to correct the problems, to record charge-offs promptly based on
 realistic assessments of collectability and current collateral values and to maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses at all times. Asset quality reviews of loans and other non-performing assets are administered using credit risk rating
 standards and criteria similar to those employed by state and federal banking regulatory agencies. The federal banking regulatory agencies utilize the following definitions for assets adversely classified for supervisory purposes: Substandard
 Assets: a substandard asset is inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the
 liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful Assets: An asset classified doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in one
 classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. OREO and loans rated Substandard
 and Doubtful are deemed classified assets. This category, which includes both performing and non-performing assets, receives an elevated level of attention regarding collection.

Commercial loans, whether secured or unsecured, generally are made to support the short-term operations and other needs of small businesses. These loans are generally secured by the receivables,
 equipment, and other real property of the business and are susceptible to the related risks described above. Problem commercial loans are generally identified by periodic review of financial information that may include financial statements, tax
 returns, and payment history of the borrower. Based on this information, the Company may decide to take any of several courses of action, including demand for repayment, requiring the borrower to provide a significant principal payment and/or
 additional collateral or requiring similar support from guarantors. When repayment becomes unlikely based on the borrower s income and cash flow, repossession or foreclosure of the underlying collateral may become necessary. Collateral values may
 be determined by appraisals obtained through Bank-approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, purchase invoices, or other appropriate documentation. Appropriate valuations are obtained at origination of the credit and
 periodically thereafter (generally every 3-12 months depending on the collateral type and market conditions), once repayment is questionable, and the loan has been deemed classified.

Commercial real estate loans generally fall into two categories, owner-occupied and non-owner occupied. Loans secured by owner occupied real estate are primarily susceptible to changes in the market
 conditions of the related business. This may be driven by, among other things, industry changes, geographic business changes, changes in the individual financial capacity of the business owner, general economic conditions, and changes in business
 cycles. These same risks apply to commercial loans whether secured by equipment, receivables, or other personal property or unsecured. Problem commercial real estate loans are generally identified by periodic review of financial information that
 may include financial statements, tax returns, payment history of the borrower, and site inspections. Based on this information, the Company may decide to take any of several courses of action, including demand for repayment, requiring the
 borrower to provide a significant principal payment and/or additional collateral or requiring similar support from guarantors. Notwithstanding, when repayment becomes unlikely based on the borrower s income and cash flow, repossession or
 foreclosure of the underlying collateral may become necessary. Losses on loans secured by owner-occupied real estate, equipment, or other personal property generally are dictated by the value of underlying collateral at the time of default and
 liquidation of the collateral. When default is driven by issues related specifically to the business owner, collateral values tend to provide better repayment support and may result in little or no loss. Alternatively, when default is driven by
 more general economic conditions, underlying collateral generally has devalued more and results in larger losses due to default. Loans secured by non-owner occupied real estate are primarily susceptible to risks associated with swings in occupancy
 or vacancy and related shifts in lease rates, rental rates or room rates. Most often, these shifts are a result of changes in general economic or market conditions or overbuilding and resultant over-supply of space. Losses are dependent on the
 value of underlying collateral at the time of default. Values are generally driven by these same factors and influenced by interest rates and required rates of return as well as changes in occupancy costs. Collateral values may be determined by
 appraisals obtained through Bank-approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, sales invoices, or other appropriate means. Appropriate valuations are obtained at origination of the credit and periodically thereafter
 (generally every 3-12 months depending on the collateral type and market conditions), once repayment is questionable, and the loan has been deemed classified.

Agricultural loans, whether secured or unsecured, generally are made to producers and processors of crops and livestock. Repayment is primarily from the sale of an agricultural product or service. 
 Agricultural loans are generally secured by inventory, receivables, equipment, and other real property. Agricultural loans primarily are susceptible to changes in market demand for specific commodities. This may be exacerbated by, among other
 things, industry changes, changes in the individual financial capacity of the business owner, general economic conditions and changes in business cycles, as well as changing weather conditions. Problem agricultural loans are generally identified
 by periodic review of financial information that may include financial statements, tax returns, crop budgets, payment history, and crop inspections. Based on this information, the Company may decide to take any of several courses of action,
 including demand for repayment, requiring the borrower to provide a significant principal payment and/or additional collateral or requiring similar support from guarantors. Notwithstanding, when repayment becomes unlikely based on the borrower s
 income and cash flow, repossession or foreclosure of the underlying collateral may become necessary. Collateral values may be determined by appraisals obtained through Bank-approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties,
 purchase invoices, or other appropriate documentation. Appropriate valuations are obtained at origination of the credit and periodically thereafter (generally every 3-12 months depending on the collateral type and market conditions), once
 repayment is questionable, and the loan has been deemed classified.

43 

Table of Contents 

Residential mortgage loans, which are secured by real estate, are primarily susceptible to four risks: non-payment due to diminished or lost income, over-extension of credit, a lack of borrower s cash
 flow to sustain payments, and shortfalls in collateral value. In general, non-payment is due to loss of employment and follows general economic trends in the marketplace, particularly the upward movement in the unemployment rate, loss of
 collateral value, and demand shifts. Problem residential mortgage loans are generally identified via payment default. Based on this information, the Company may decide to take any of several courses of action, including demand for repayment,
 requiring the borrower to provide a significant principal payment and/or additional collateral or requiring similar support from guarantors. When repayment becomes unlikely based on the borrower s income and cash flow, repossession or foreclosure
 of the underlying collateral may become necessary. Collateral values may be determined by appraisals obtained through Bank-approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, purchase invoices, or other appropriate documentation. 
 Appropriate valuations are obtained at origination of the credit and periodically thereafter (generally every 3-12 months depending on the collateral type and market conditions), once repayment is questionable, and the loan has been deemed
 classified.

Construction loans, whether owner occupied or non-owner occupied residential development loans, are not only susceptible to the related risks described above but the added risks of construction
 itself, including cost over-runs, mismanagement of the project, or lack of demand and market changes experienced at time of completion. Again, losses are primarily related to underlying collateral value and changes therein as described above. 
 Problem construction loans are generally identified by periodic review of financial information that may include financial statements, tax returns and payment history of the borrower. Based on this information, the Company may decide to take any
 of several courses of action, including demand for repayment, requiring the borrower to provide a significant principal payment and/or additional collateral or requiring similar support from guarantors, or repossession or foreclosure of the
 underlying collateral. Collateral values may be determined by appraisals obtained through Bank-approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, purchase invoices, or other appropriate documentation. Appropriate valuations are
 obtained at origination of the credit and periodically thereafter (generally every 3-12 months depending on the collateral type and market conditions), once repayment is questionable, and the loan has been deemed classified.

Consumer loans, whether unsecured or secured, are primarily susceptible to four risks: non-payment due to diminished or lost income, over-extension of credit, a lack of borrower s cash flow to sustain
 payments, and shortfall in collateral value. In general, non-payment is due to loss of employment and will follow general economic trends in the marketplace, particularly the upward movements in the unemployment rate, loss of collateral value, and
 demand shifts. Problem consumer loans are generally identified via payment default. Based on this information, the Company may decide to take any of several courses of action, including demand for repayment, requiring the borrower to provide a
 significant principal payment and/or additional collateral or requiring similar support from guarantors. When repayment becomes unlikely based on the borrower s income and cash flow, repossession or foreclosure of the underlying collateral may
 become necessary. Collateral values may be determined by appraisals obtained through Bank-approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, purchase invoices, or other appropriate documentation. Appropriate valuations are
 obtained at origination of the credit and periodically thereafter (generally every 3-12 months depending on the collateral type and market conditions), once repayment is questionable, and the loan has been deemed classified.

Once a loan becomes delinquent or repayment becomes questionable, a Company collection officer will address collateral shortfalls with the borrower and attempt to obtain additional collateral or a
 principal payment. If this is not forthcoming and payment of principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement becomes unlikely, the Company will consider the loan to be impaired and will estimate its probable
 loss, using the present value of future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. For collateral dependent loans, the
 Company will utilize a recent valuation of the underlying collateral less estimated costs of sale, and charge-off the loan down to the estimated net realizable amount. Depending on the length of time until final collection, the Company may
 periodically revalue the estimated loss and take additional charge-offs or specific reserves as warranted. Revaluations may occur as often as every 3-12 months depending on the underlying collateral and volatility of values. Final charge-offs or
 recoveries are taken when the collateral is liquidated and the actual loss is confirmed. Unpaid balances on loans after or during collection and liquidation may also be pursued through legal action and attachment of wages or judgment liens on the
 borrower s other assets.

44 

Table of Contents 

Excluding the non-performing loans cited previously, loans totaling 6,490,000 and 4,687,000 were classified as substandard or doubtful loans, representing potential problem loans at December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively. In Management s opinion, the potential loss related to these problem loans was sufficiently covered by the Bank s existing loan loss reserve (Allowance for Loan Losses) at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The ratio of the
 Allowance for Loan Losses to total loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.50 and 1.61 , respectively.

SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE

The Company s allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be estimated based upon specific and general conditions. These include conditions
 unique to individual borrowers, as well as overall credit loss experience, the amount of past due, non-performing loans and classified loans, recommendations of regulatory authorities, prevailing economic conditions and other factors. A portion of
 the allowance is specifically allocated to classified loans whose full collectability is uncertain. Such allocations are determined by Management based on loan-by-loan analyses. In addition, loans with similar characteristics not usually
 criticized using regulatory guidelines are analyzed based on the historical loss rates and delinquency trends, grouped by the number of days the payments on these loans are delinquent. Last, allocations are made to non-criticized and classified
 commercial loans and residential real estate loans based on historical loss rates, and other statistical data. The remainder of the allowance is considered to be unallocated. The unallocated allowance is established to provide for probable losses
 that have been incurred as of the reporting date but not reflected in the allocated allowance. It addresses additional qualitative factors consistent with Management s analysis of the level of risks inherent in the loan portfolio, which are
 related to the risks of the Company s general lending activity. Included in the unallocated allowance is the risk of losses that are attributable to national or local economic or industry trends which have occurred but have yet been recognized in
 past loan charge-off history (external factors). The external factors evaluated by the Company include: economic and business conditions, external competitive issues, and other factors. Also included in the unallocated allowance is the risk of
 losses attributable to general attributes of the Company s loan portfolio and credit administration (internal factors). The internal factors evaluated by the Company include: loan review system, adequacy of lending Management and staff, loan
 policies and procedures, problem loan trends, concentrations of credit, and other factors. By their nature, these risks are not readily allocable to any specific loan category in a statistically meaningful manner and are difficult to quantify. 
 Management assigns a range of estimated risk to the qualitative risk factors described above based on Management s judgment as to the level of risk and assigns a quantitative risk factor from the range of loss estimates to determine the appropriate
 level of the unallocated portion of the allowance. Management considered the 14,792,000 allowance for credit losses to be adequate as a reserve against losses as of December 31, 2022.

For information regarding the changes in methodology relating to the allowance for loan losses effective January 1, 2023, due to the FASB s ASU 2016-13, see Impact of Recently Issued Accounting
 Standards above in this section.

45 

Table of Contents 

Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses

(Dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Balance at Beginning of Year

13,952

15,416

12,356

Provision for Loan Losses

900

(1,500

3,050

Loans Charged-Off:

Commercial

(297

(502

(212

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

(5

Residential Construction

Consumer

(48

(12

(15

Total Charged-Off

(345

(519

(227

Recoveries:

Commercial

275

429

201

Commercial Real Estate

14

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

10

112

36

Total Recoveries

285

555

237

Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries

(60

36

10

Balance at End of Year

14,792

13,952

15,416

Ratio of Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries

During the Year to Average Loans

Outstanding During the Year

(0.01

0.00

0.00

Allowance for Loan Losses to Total Loans

1.50

1.61

1.73

Nonaccrual loans to Total Loans

0.8

1.2

1.7

Allowance for Loan Losses to Nonaccrual loans

180.9

136.8

101.3

46 

Table of Contents 

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses

The Allowance for Loan Losses has been established as a general component available to absorb probable inherent losses throughout the loan portfolio. The following table is an allocation of the
 Allowance for Loan Losses balance on the dates indicated (dollars in thousands):

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Allocation of

 Allowance for Loan

 Losses Balance

Allowance as a

 of Total

 Allowance

Loans as a 

 of Total

 Loans, net

Allocation of

 Allowance for Loan

 Losses Balance

Allowance as a

 of Total

 Allowance

Loans as a 

of Total

 Loans, net

Loan Type:

Commercial

1,463

9.9

10.8

1,604

11.5

15.7

Commercial Real Estate

10,073

68.1

65.6

8,808

63.1

60.7

Agriculture

1,757

11.9

11.6

1,482

10.7

12.3

Residential Mortgage

880

5.9

9.4

742

5.3

8.8

Residential Construction

178

1.2

1.0

74

0.5

0.5

Consumer

173

1.2

1.6

167

1.2

2.0

Unallocated

268

1.8

1,075

7.7

Total

14,792

100.0

100.0

13,952

100.0

100.0

The Bank believes that any breakdown or allocation of the allowance into loan categories lends an appearance of exactness, which does not exist, because the allowance is available for all loans. The
 allowance breakdown shown above is computed taking actual experience into consideration but should not be interpreted as an indication of the specific amount and allocation of actual charge-offs that may ultimately occur.

47 

Table of Contents 

Deposits

The following table sets forth the average amount and the average rate paid on each of the listed deposit categories (dollars in thousands) during the periods specified:

2022

2021

2020

Average Amount

Average Rate

Average Amount

Average Rate

Average Amount

Average Rate

Deposit Type:

Non-interest-Bearing Demand

805,738

764,676

577,559

Interest-Bearing Demand (NOW)

441,543

0.08

420,481

0.06

356,867

0.10

Savings and MMDAs

449,169

0.16

436,931

0.11

387,490

0.20

Time

47,022

0.28

54,465

0.35

54,147

0.63

The following table sets forth by time remaining to maturity for the Bank s time deposits over 250,000 (dollars in thousands) as of December 31, 2022:

Three months or less

1,211

Over three months through six months

1,012

Over six months through twelve months

3,769

Over twelve months

3,248

Total

9,240

Short-Term Borrowings

The Company had no secured borrowings and no Federal Funds purchased at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Additional short-term borrowings available to the Company consist of a line of credit and advances with the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB secured under terms of a blanket collateral agreement by a
 pledge of FHLB stock and all loans held by the Company. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a current collateral borrowing capacity with the FHLB of 365,786,000 and, at such date, also had unsecured formal lines of credit totaling 122,000,000
 with correspondent banks.

The Company had no Federal Funds purchased during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Long-Term Borrowings

The Company had no long-term borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were no average outstanding balances of long-term borrowings during 2022 and 2021.

48 

Table of Contents 

Supplemental Compensation Plans

The Company and the Bank maintain an unfunded non-contributory defined benefit pension plan Salary Continuation Plan and related split dollar plan for a select group of highly compensated
 employees. Eligibility to participate in the Salary Continuation Plan is limited to a select group of management or highly compensated employees of the Bank that are designated by the Board. Additionally, the Company and the Bank adopted a
 supplemental executive retirement plan SERP in 2006. The SERP is intended to integrate the various forms of retirement payments offered to executives. There are currently three participants in the SERP. At December 31, 2022, the accrued
 benefit liability was 5,339,000, of which 4,901,000 was recorded in interest payable and other liabilities and 438,000 was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2021, the
 accrued benefit liability was 6,581,000, of which 4,588,000 was recorded in interest payable and other liabilities and 1,993,000 was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The Company and the Bank maintain an unfunded non-contributory defined benefit pension plan Directors Retirement Plan and related split dollar plan for the directors of the Bank. At December 31,
 2022, the accrued benefit liability was 560,000, of which 636,000 was recorded in interest payable and other liabilities and (76,000) was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31,
 2021, the accrued benefit liability was 710,000, of which 692,000 was recorded in interest payable and other liabilities and 18,000 was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

For additional information, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K.

Overview

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 15.9 million, representing an increase of 1.7 million, or 12.0 , compared to net income of 14.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The increase in net income was attributable to an increase in net interest income of 8.4 million, which was partially offset by an increase in provision for loan losses of 2.4 million, decrease in non-interest income of 0.9 million, increase in
 non-interest expenses of 2.9 million and 0.5 million increase in provision for income taxes.

Total assets decreased by 27.7 million, or 1.5 , to 1.87 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1.90 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease in total assets was primarily due to a 158.5
 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents and a 14.0 million decrease in investment securities, which was partially offset by a 116.4 million increase in net loans (including loans held-for-sale), 7.7 million increase in certificates of
 deposit and 19.0 million increase in interest receivable and other assets. Total deposits decreased 1.4 million, or 0.08 , to 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1.7 billion at December 31, 2021.

49 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

Net Interest Income

Net interest income is the excess of interest and fees earned on the Bank s loans, investment securities, federal funds sold and banker s acceptances over the interest expense paid on
 deposits and other borrowed funds which are used to fund those assets. Net interest income is primarily affected by the yields and mix of the Bank s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities outstanding during the period. The
 8,706,000 increase in the Bank s interest and dividend income in 2022 from 2021 was driven by increased interest rates and loan growth improving the earning asset mix. The 3,109,000 increase in the Bank s interest income on loans was
 primarily driven by an increase of 1,768,000 driven by an increase in average loans outstanding compounded by an increase of 1,341,000 due to increasing interest rates. The 3,121,000 increase in the Bank s interest income on due from banks was
 primarily driven by an increase of 3,292,000 due to increase in average interest rates paid on excess reserves at the Federal Reserve, partially offset by a decrease of 171,000 driven by decreased average due from bank balances outstanding. The
 2,353,000 increase in the Bank s interest income on investment securities was driven by an increase of 1,219,000 driven by increased investment securities balances outstanding coupled with an increase of 1,134,000 due to increasing interest
 rates. The 274,000 increase in the Bank s interest expense on deposits was primarily driven by a 271,000 increase due to increasing interest rates. See Analysis of Changes in Interest Income and Interest
 Expense set forth on page 38 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the effects of interest rates and loan/deposit volume on net interest income.

The FRB influences the general market rates of interest, including the deposit and loan rates offered by many financial institutions. Our loan portfolio is significantly affected by changes in the
 prime interest rate. As of December 31, 2021, the prime rate was 3.25 . The prime rate increased numerous times during 2022, increasing to 7.50 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the target range for the federal funds rate was 0 
 to 0.25 . In late 2021 and continuing into 2022, the FRB raised interest rates in light of inflationary trends in the economy. As of December 31, 2022, the target range for the federal funds rate was 4.25 to 4.50 . For additional information,
 see During 2021 and continuing through 2022, the U.S. Economy Began to Reflect Relatively Rapid Rates of Increase in the Consumer Price Index and Other Economic Indices; a Prolonged Elevated Rate of Inflation Could Present Risks for the U.S.
 Banking Industry and Our Business , in Risk Factors (Item 1A) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We are primarily funded by core deposits, with non-interest-bearing demand deposits historically being a significant source of funds. This lower-cost funding base is expected to have a positive impact
 on our net interest income and net interest margin in a rising interest rate environment.

The nature and impact of future changes in interest rates and monetary policy on the business and earnings of the Company cannot be predicted. For additional information, see The Effects of Changes
 or Increases in, or Supervisory Enforcement of, Banking or Other Laws and Regulations or Governmental Fiscal or Monetary Policies Could Adversely Affect Us and During 2021 and continuing through 2022, the U.S. Economy Began to Reflect Relatively
 Rapid Rates of Increase in the Consumer Price Index and Other Economic Indices; a Prolonged Elevated Rate of Inflation Could Present Risks for the U.S. Banking Industry and Our Business in Risk Factors (Item 1A) of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K.

Interest income on loans for 2022 was up 7.9 from 2021, increasing from 39,207,000 to 42,316,000. The increase in interest income on loans was primarily due to an increase in average balance of
 loans and higher yields earned on newly originated loans and loans repricing at higher rates, which was partially offset by a decrease in PPP fee recognition. The Company recognized approximately 2.7 million and 4.7 million of PPP loan fees
 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company recognized the remaining balance of PPP loan fees during 2022.

Interest income on interest-bearing due from banks for 2022 was up 734.4 from 2021, increasing from 425,000 to 3,546,000. The increase in interest income on interest-bearing due from banks was the
 result of an 146 basis point increase in yield on interest-bearing due from banks, which was partially offset by a 31.2 decrease in average balances of interest-bearing due from banks. The increase in yield was due to the increase in the
 effective federal funds rate as discussed above.

Interest income on certificates of deposit for 2022 was down 4.7 from 2021, decreasing from 297,000 to 283,000. The decrease in interest income on certificates of deposit was the result of a 10.2 
 decrease in average balances of certificates of deposit, which was partially offset by a 13 basis point increase in yield on certificates of deposit.

Interest income on investment securities for 2022 was up 34.3 from 2021, increasing from 6,852,000 to 9,205,000. The increase in interest income on investment securities was the result of a 20
 basis point increase in investment securities yields coupled with a 16.0 increase in average investment securities volume. The Bank deployed excess liquidity into the investment portfolio over the course of 2022 at higher reinvestment rates. 
 Investment securities yields were 1.46 and 1.26 for 2022 and 2021, respectively.

50 

Table of Contents 

Interest expense on deposits for 2022 was up 30.0 from 2021, increasing from 912,000 to 1,186,000. The increase in interest expense on deposits was the result of a 2 basis point increase in
 interest rates paid on interest-bearing deposits coupled with a 2.8 increase in average balances of interest-bearing deposits.

The mix of deposits for the previous three years was as follows (dollars in thousands):

2022

2021

2020

Average Balance

Percent

Average Balance

Percent

Average Balance

Percent

Non-interest-Bearing Demand

805,738

46.2

764,676

45.6

577,559

42.0

Interest-Bearing Demand (NOW)

441,543

25.3

420,481

25.1

356,867

25.9

Savings and MMDAs

449,169

25.8

436,931

26.1

387,490

28.2

Time

47,022

2.7

54,465

3.2

54,147

3.9

Total

1,743,472

100.0

1,676,553

100.0

1,376,063

100.0

The Bank s net interest margin (net interest income divided by average earning assets) was 3.06 in 2022 and 2.62 in 2021. The net interest spread (average yield earned on interest-earning assets
 less the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities) was 2.99 in 2022 and 2.58 in 2021. The 41 basis point increase in net spread in 2022 over 2021 was due to an overall increase in interest rates on earning assets, which was partially
 offset by an overall increase in interest rates on interest-bearing deposits.

Provision for Loan Losses

The provision for loan losses is established by charges to earnings based on management s overall evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio. Based on this evaluation, the Company
 recorded provision for loan losses of 900,000 in 2022, compared to a reversal of provision for loan losses of 1,500,000 in 2021. The provision for loan losses in 2022 was primarily due to loan growth. The reversal of provision for loan losses
 in 2021 was primarily due to the decrease in specific reserves on impaired loans to one borrower, coupled with an overall decrease in qualitative factors resulting from an improvement in economic conditions. The ratio of the Allowance for Loan
 Losses to total loans at December 31, 2022 was 1.50 compared to 1.61 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of the Allowance for Loan Losses to total non-accrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more, net of guarantees was 172.4 at December 31,
 2022, compared to 137.3 at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the decrease in nonaccrual loans, net of guarantees totaling 2.0 million.

51 

Table of Contents 

Non-Interest Income and Expenses

Non-interest income consisted primarily of service charges on deposit accounts, net losses on sale of available-for-sale securities, net realized gains on loans held-for-sale, debit card income and
 other income. Non-interest income decreased to 6,933,000 in 2022 from 7,863,000 in 2021, representing a decrease of 930,000, or 11.8 . The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net realized gains on loans held-for-sale, which was
 partially offset by an increase in other income. Net realized gains on loans held-for-sale decreased 1,383,000 in 2022 over 2021. The decrease in gains on sales of loans held-for-sale was primarily due to a decrease in loan origination volumes
 due to an increase in interest rates and slowdown in refinancing activity. Other income increased 414,000 in 2022 over 2021. The increase in other income was primarily due to non-taxable income from a bank owned life insurance policy.

Non-interest expenses consisted primarily of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment expense, data processing expense and other expenses. Non-interest expenses increased to
 39,063,000 in 2022 from 36,201,000 in 2021, representing an increase of 2,862,000, or 7.9 .

Following is an analysis of the increase or decrease in the components of non-interest expenses (dollars in thousands) during the periods specified:

2022 over 2021

Amount

Percent

Salaries and Employee Benefits

1,448

6.4

Occupancy and Equipment

147

4.3

Data Processing

73

2.2

Stationery and Supplies

39

15.4

Advertising

114

29.8

Directors Fees

(3

(1.0

Other Expense

1,044

18.4

Total

2,862

7.9

The increase in salaries and employee benefits in 2022 was primarily due to a 3.6 increase in regular salaries, a 36.5 increase in contingent compensation, and a 17.2 
 increase in profit sharing plan contributions, partially offset by a 26.6 decrease in commissions paid. The increase in regular salaries expense was primarily due to merit increases and an increase in full-time equivalent employees. The
 increases in contingent compensation and profit sharing plan contributions were primarily the result of improved financial performance. The decrease in commissions paid was primarily due to a decrease in mortgage loan production volumes. The
 increase in other expenses was primarily due to a 169.3 increase in legal fees and 116.7 increase in reserves for unfunded commitments expense, which was partially offset by a 53.8 decrease in loan collection expenses. The increase in legal
 fees was primarily due to the legal costs associated with the purchase and acquisition of three branches from another bank that was finalized in the first quarter of 2023. The increase in reserves for unfunded commitments expense was primarily due
 to the increase in unfunded commitments balances. The decrease in loan collection expense is primarily due to the prior year expenses associated with one borrower.

52 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes is primarily affected by the tax rate, the level of earnings before taxes and the level of tax-exempt income. In 2022, tax expense increased to 5,782,000 from
 5,240,000 in 2021, due to an increase in income before taxes. Non-taxable municipal bond income was 909,000 and 603,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Liquidity

Liquidity is defined as the ability to generate cash at a reasonable cost to fulfill lending commitments and support asset growth, while satisfying the withdrawal demands of deposit customers and any
 debt repayment requirements. The Bank s principal sources of liquidity are core deposits and loan and investment payments and proceeds of sale and prepayments. Providing a secondary source of liquidity is the available-for-sale investment
 portfolio. The Company held 618,092,000 in total investment securities at December 31, 2022. Under certain deposit, borrowing, and other arrangements, the Company must hold and pledge investment securities as collateral. At December 31, 2022,
 such collateral requirements totaled approximately 44,319,000. As a smaller source of liquidity, the Bank can utilize existing credit arrangements.

The Company s primary source of liquidity on a stand-alone basis is dividends from the Bank. As discussed in Part I (Item 1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, dividends from the Bank are subject to
 regulatory and corporate law restrictions.

Liquidity risk can result from the mismatching of asset and liability cash flows, or from disruptions in the financial markets. The Bank experiences seasonal swings in deposits, which impact
 liquidity. Management has sought to address these seasonal swings by scheduling investment maturities and developing seasonal credit arrangements with the FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Funds lines of credit with correspondent banks. In
 addition, the ability of the Bank s real estate department to originate and sell loans into the secondary market has provided another tool for the management of liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not created any special purpose
 entities to securitize assets or to obtain off-balance sheet funding.

The liquidity position of the Bank is managed daily, thus enabling the Bank to adapt its position according to market fluctuations. Liquidity is measured by various ratios, the most common of which
 is the ratio of net loans (including loans held-for-sale) to deposits. This ratio was 56.2 on December 31, 2022, and 49.4 on December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s ratio of core deposits to total assets was 91.8 and
 90.4 , respectively. Core deposits include demand deposits, interest-bearing transaction deposits, savings and money market deposit accounts, and time deposits of 250,000 or less. Core deposits are important in maintaining a strong liquidity
 position as they represent a stable and relatively low-cost source of funds. Management believes that the Bank s liquidity position was adequate in 2022. This is best illustrated by the change in the Bank s net non-core ratio, which explains the
 degree of reliance on non-core liabilities to fund long-term assets. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s net core funding dependence ratio, the difference between non-core funds, time deposits 250,000 or more and brokered time deposits under
 250,000, and short-term investments to long-term assets, was (13.58) as of December 31, 2022, and (21.32 as of December 31, 2021. This ratio indicated at December 31, 2022, the Bank did not significantly rely upon non-core deposits and
 borrowings to fund the Bank s long-term assets, namely loans and investments. The Bank believes that by maintaining adequate volumes of short-term investments and implementing competitive pricing strategies on deposits, it can ensure adequate
 liquidity to support future growth. The Bank also believes that its liquidity position remains strong to meet both present and future financial obligations and commitments, events or uncertainties that have resulted or are reasonably likely to
 result in material changes with respect to the Bank s liquidity.

53 

Table of Contents 

Commitments

The following table details the amounts and expected maturities of commitments as of December 31, 2022 (amounts in thousands):

Maturities by period

Commitments

Total

Less than 1

 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

More than 5

 years

Commitments to extend credit

Commercial

77,548

53,543

9,469

7,006

7,530

Commercial Real Estate

37,992

621

937

36,434

Agriculture

28,341

21,787

440

795

5,319

Residential Mortgage

250

250

Residential Construction

13,486

4,831

8,655

Consumer

47,993

13,739

6,880

6,348

21,026

Commitments to sell loans

Standby Letters of Credit

1,930

1,930

Total

207,540

96,451

17,039

15,086

78,964

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or
 other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include
 commitments to extend credit in the form of loans or through standby letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the balance sheet. The
 contract amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments. These loans have been sold to third parties without recourse, subject to customary default, representations and
 warranties, recourse for breaches of the terms of the sales contracts and payment default recourse.

Financial instruments, whose contract amounts represent credit risk at December 31 of the indicated years, were as follows (amounts in thousands):

2022

2021

Undisbursed loan commitments

205,610

192,874

Standby letters of credit

1,930

2,305

Commitments to sell loans

1,500

207,540

196,679

Our liquidity position is continuously monitored and adjustments are made to balance between sources and uses of funds as deemed appropriate. The Bank believes that it has the means to provide
 adequate liquidity for funding normal operations in 2023.

54 

Table of Contents 

Capital

The Company believes a strong capital position is essential to the Company s continued growth and profitability. A solid capital base provides depositors and shareholders with a margin of safety,
 while allowing the Company to take advantage of profitable opportunities, support future growth and provide protection against any unforeseen losses.

At December 31, 2022, stockholders equity totaled 125.0 million, a decrease of 25.9 million from 150.9 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in accumulated
 other comprehensive income of 42.3 million, which was partially offset by net income of 15.9 million. Also affecting capital in 2022 were stock repurchases totaling 0.2 million and paid-in capital in the amount of 0.8 million resulting from
 employee stock purchases and stock plan accruals. See Business Capital Standards in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information.

On May 20, 2021, the Company approved a stock repurchase program effective June 15, 2021. The stock repurchase program, which will remain in effect until June 14, 2023, allows repurchases by the
 Company in an aggregate amount of up to 4 of the Company s 13,680,085 outstanding shares of common stock as of March 31, 2021. This represents total shares of 547,203 eligible for repurchase. The Company repurchased 21,325 and 505,824 shares of
 the Company s outstanding common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The purpose of the stock repurchase program is to give management the ability to manage capital and create liquidity for shareholders who want
 to sell their stock. Management believes that the stock repurchase program is a prudent use of excess capital.

The capital of the Company and the Bank historically have been maintained at a level that is in excess of regulatory guidelines for a well capitalized institution. The policy of annual stock
 dividends rather than cash dividends has, over time, allowed the Company to match capital and asset growth through retained earnings and a managed program of geographic growth.

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not applicable.

55 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Page 57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 659 

Page 58

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 
 and 2021

Page 60 

Consolidated Statements of Income for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 61

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 62

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 63

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 64

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page 65

56 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management of First Northern Community Bancorp and subsidiary (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
 over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The Company s internal control
 over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the
 board of directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention, or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management recognizes that even a highly effective internal control system has inherent risks, including the possibility of human error and the
 circumvention or overriding of controls, and that the effectiveness of an internal control system can change with circumstances. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely
 basis by internal control over financial reporting.

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company
 conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management of the Company has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

/s/ Jeremiah Z. Smith 

Jeremiah Z. Smith

President/Chief Executive Officer/Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Kevin Spink 

Kevin Spink

Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

March 10, 2023

57 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of

First Northern Community Bancorp

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Northern Community Bancorp and subsidiary (the
 Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its
 operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express
 an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
 to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
 audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
 control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
 effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
 statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits
 also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
 our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
 statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
 opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Allowance for Loan Losses

As described in Notes 1
 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses balance was 14.8 million as of December 31, 2022. The allowance for loan losses is maintained to provide for estimated losses inherent in existing loans based
 on evaluations of collectability and prior loss experience. The allowance consists of specific and general components. Specific reserves are recorded to recognize impairments on individually evaluated loans. The general component covers loans
 evaluated collectively, and the estimate is determined using historical losses adjusted for qualitative and environmental factors. The qualitative and environmental factors used to adjust historical loss rates by loan type consist of the risks of
 the Company s general lending activity, including risk of losses that are attributable to national or local economic or industry trends which have occurred but have yet been recognized in past loan charge-off history, and risk of losses
 attributable to general attributes of the Company s loan portfolio and credit administration.

58 

Table of Contents 

We identified management s estimation of qualitative and environmental factors as a critical audit matter. The qualitative and environmental factors include current
 economic conditions, concentrations of credit, nature and volume of the loan portfolio, trends in delinquent loans and special assets, values of underlying collateral, results of external loan reviews and regulatory examinations, changes in lending
 policies and procedures, experience of lending staff, changes in competition and regulatory requirements, and other internal and external factors as determined by management. Each qualitative and environmental factor is assigned a value to reflect
 improving, stable, or declining economic conditions based on management s best judgement using relevant information available at the time of evaluation. Auditing management s judgments regarding the determination of qualitative and environmental
 factors applied to the allowance for loan losses involved a high degree of subjectivity.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Obtained management s analysis and supporting documentation related to the qualitative and environmental factors and tested whether the qualitative and
 environmental factors used in the calculation of the allowance for loan losses are supported by the documentation provided by management.

Tested the mathematical accuracy of the allowance for loan losses calculation, including completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation, sources
 of data and application of the qualitative and environmental factors within the calculation.

Performed a sensitivity analysis over the qualitative and environmental factor thresholds established by management. 

/s/ 

March 10, 2023

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006.

59 

Table of Contents 

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP

AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Balance Sheets

December 31, 2022 and 2021

(in thousands, except shares and share amounts)

2022

2021

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Certificates of deposit

Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value (includes securities pledged to creditors with the right to sell or repledge of 
 at December 31, 2022 and 
 at December 31, 2021 

Loans (net of allowance for loan losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Loans held-for-sale

Stock in Federal Home Loan Bank and other equity securities, at cost

Premises and equipment, net

Interest receivable and other assets

Total Assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Liabilities:

Deposits:

Demand

Interest-bearing transaction deposits

Savings and MMDAs

Time, 250,000 or less

Time, over 250,000

Total Deposits

Interest payable and other liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10 and 11)

Stockholders Equity:

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net

Total Stockholders Equity

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

60 

Table of Contents 

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP

AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Statements of Income

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

2022

2021

Interest and dividend income:

Interest and fees on loans

Due from banks interest bearing accounts

Investment securities:

Taxable

Non-taxable

Other earning assets

Total interest and dividend income

Interest expense:

Time deposits over 250,000

Other deposits

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision (reversal of provision) for loan losses

Net interest income after provision (reversal of provision) for loan losses

Non-interest income:

Service charges on deposit accounts

Losses on sales of available-for-sale securities

Gains on sales of loans held-for-sale

Debit card income

Other income

Total non-interest income

Non-interest expenses:

Salaries and employee benefits

Occupancy and equipment

Data processing

Stationery and supplies

Advertising

Directors fees

Other expense

Total non-interest expenses

Income before provision for income tax

Provision for income tax

Net income

Basic income per share

Diluted income per share

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

61 

Table of Contents 

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP

AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands)

2022

2021

Net income

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax:

Unrealized holding losses on securities arising during the current
 period, net of tax effect of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Reclassification adjustment due to losses realized on sales of
 securities, net of tax effect of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Officers retirement plan equity adjustments, net of tax effect
 of and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Directors retirement plan equity adjustments, net of tax effect of and for the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
 respectively

Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax effect of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively

Comprehensive (loss) income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

62 

Table of Contents 

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP

AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands, except share data)

Common Stock

Additional

Paid-in

Retained 

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

Shares

Amounts

Capital

Earnings

Income/(Loss)

Total

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

Stock dividend adjustment

stock dividend declared in 2022 

Cash in lieu of fractional shares

Stock-based compensation

Common shares issued related to restricted stock grants and ESPP, net of restricted stock reversals

Stock options exercised, net 

Stock repurchase and retirement

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

Stock dividend adjustment

stock dividend declared in 2023 

Cash in lieu of fractional shares

Stock-based compensation

Common shares issued related to restricted stock grants and ESPP, net of restricted stock reversals

Stock options exercised, net

Stock repurchase and retirement 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

63 

Table of Contents 

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP

AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands)

2022

2021

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Provision (Reversal of provision) for loan losses

Stock-based compensation

Depreciation and amortization of bank premises and equipment

Accretion and amortization of securities, net

Net loss on sale/call of available-for-sale securities

Gain on sale of loans held-for-sale

(Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes

Valuation adjustment on mortgage servicing rights

Proceeds from sales of loans held-for-sale

Originations of loans held-for-sale

Decrease in deferred loan origination fees and costs, net

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset

Increase in interest receivable and other assets

Increase (decrease) in interest payable and other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale securities

Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities

Principal repayments on available-for-sale securities

Purchase of available-for-sale securities

Proceeds from maturities of certificates of deposit 

Proceeds from sales of certificates of deposit

Purchase of certificates of deposit

Purchases of stock in Federal Home Loan Bank and other equity securities, at cost

Net (increase) decrease in loans

Purchases of bank premises and equipment, net

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net (decrease) increase in deposits

Principal payments on Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Cash dividends paid in lieu of fractional shares

Common stock issued

Repurchases of common stock 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Information (Note 20)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

64 

Table of Contents 

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP

AND SUBSIDIARY

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands, except shares and share amounts)

65 

Table of Contents 

or more with respect to interest or principal. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current period interest income. Interest
 accruals are resumed on such loans only when they are brought fully current with respect to interest and principal and when, in the judgment of management, the loans are estimated to be fully collectible as to both principal and interest. Accrual of
 interest on loans that are troubled debt restructurings commence after a sustained period of performance. Interest is generally accrued on such loans in accordance with the new terms.

days or more unless the credit is both well secured and in process of collection; consumer loans become days delinquent, except those well secured by real estate collateral and in the process of collection; loan is canceled as part of a court judgment.

or more
 are evaluated for impairment, while all other loans, including individually evaluated loans determined not to be impaired, are collectively evaluated for impairment. The evaluations take into consideration internal and external factors such as trends
 in portfolio volume, maturity and composition, overall portfolio quality, loan concentrations, levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries, current and anticipated economic conditions that may affect the borrowers ability to pay and national
 and local economic trends and conditions. While management uses these evaluations to determine the allowance for loan losses, additional provisions may be necessary based on changes in the factors used in the evaluations.

66 

Table of Contents 

to years

Furniture and equipment

to years

other real estate owned OREO as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

67 

Table of Contents 

68 

Table of Contents 

Discount rate

Weighted average life (years)

and for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.

69 

Table of Contents 

, the
 Company announced that its Board of Directors had declared a stock dividend which resulted in shares, which was paid on to shareholders
 of record as of . On , the Company announced that its Board of Directors had declared a stock dividend which will result in an
 estimate of shares, which will be paid on to shareholders of record as of .

to approximately 
 to , or an increase of 
 to . The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from to . The economic conditions, forecasts and
 assumptions used in the model could be significantly different in future periods. The impact of the change in the allowance on our results of operations in a provision for credit losses will depend on the current period net charge-offs, level of
 loan originations, and change in mix of the loan portfolio. As time progresses and the results of economic conditions require model assumption inputs to change, further refinements to the estimation process may also be identified. 

70 

Table of Contents 

aggregate reserves were required at December 31, 2022
 and 2021. The Bank has met its average reserve requirements during 2022 and 2021 and the minimum required balance at December 31,
 2022 and 2021.

71 

Table of Contents 

Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Mortgage-backed securities

Total debt securities

Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Mortgage-backed securities

Total debt securities

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gross
 realized losses from sales of available-for-sale securities were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Subtotal

MBS and CMO

Total

72 

Table of Contents 

Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Mortgage-backed securities

Total

securities, all considered investment grade, which had a fair value of 
 and a total unrealized loss of have been in an unrealized loss position for less than twelve months as of December 31, 2022. securities, all considered investment grade, which had a fair value of and total unrealized loss of , have been in an unrealized loss
 position for more than twelve months as of December 31, 2022. The unrealized losses on the Company s investment securities were caused by market conditions for these types of investments, particularly changes in risk-free interest rates. The
 Company does not intend to sell the securities and has concluded it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of their anticipated cost basis. Therefore, the Company does not consider these
 investments to be other than temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022.

Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporation

Obligations of states and political subdivision

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Mortgage-backed securities

Total

and
 at December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits or for other purposes as required or permitted by law.

73 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Allowance for loan losses

Net deferred origination fees and costs

Loans, net

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and
 December 31, 2021, respectively. 

categories, owner-occupied and non-owner occupied. Loans secured by owner-occupied real estate are primarily susceptible to changes in the market conditions of the related business. This may be driven by, among other things, industry changes,
 geographic business changes, changes in the individual financial capacity of the business owner, general economic conditions, and changes in business cycles. These same risks apply to commercial loans whether secured by equipment, receivables or
 other personal property or unsecured. Problem commercial real estate loans are generally identified by periodic review of financial information that may include financial statements, tax returns, payment history of the borrower, and site
 inspections. Based on this information, the Company may decide to take any of several courses of action, including demand for repayment, requiring the borrower to provide a significant principal payment and/or additional collateral or requiring
 similar support from guarantors. Notwithstanding, when repayment becomes unlikely based on the borrower s income and cash flow, repossession or foreclosure of the underlying collateral may become necessary. Losses on loans secured by owner occupied
 real estate, equipment, or other personal property generally are dictated by the value of underlying collateral at the time of default and liquidation of the collateral. When default is driven by issues related specifically to the business owner,
 collateral values tend to provide better repayment support and may result in little or no loss. Alternatively, when default is driven by more general economic conditions, underlying collateral generally has devalued more and results in larger losses
 due to default. Loans secured by non-owner occupied real estate are primarily susceptible to risks associated with swings in occupancy or vacancy and related shifts in lease rates, rental rates or room rates. Most often, these shifts are a result of
 changes in general economic or market conditions or overbuilding and resulting over-supply of space. Losses are dependent on the value of underlying collateral at the time of default. Values are generally driven by these same factors and influenced
 by interest rates and required rates of return as well as changes in occupancy costs. Collateral values may be determined by appraisals obtained through Bank-approved, licensed appraisers, qualified independent third parties, sales invoices, or
 other appropriate means. 

74 

Table of Contents 

in principal amount of the Company s loans were for general commercial uses, including professional, retail and small businesses. Approximately in principal amount of the Company s loans were secured by commercial real estate, which consists primarily of loans secured by commercial properties
 and construction and land development loans. Approximately in principal amount of the Company s loans were for agriculture,
 approximately in principal amount of the Company s loans were residential mortgage loans, approximately in principal amount of the Company s loans were residential construction loans and approximately in principal amount of the Company s loans were consumer loans.

- months depending on the underlying collateral and volatility of values.
 Final charge-offs or recoveries are taken when the collateral is liquidated and the actual loss is confirmed. Unpaid balances on loans after or during collection and liquidation may also be pursued through legal action and attachment of wages or
 judgment liens on the borrower s other assets.

75 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Total

December 31, 2021 

Commercial

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Total

at December 31, 2022, and were comprised of agriculture loans totaling , residential mortgage loan totaling , and consumer loans totaling . Non-accrual loans amounted to 
 at December 31, 2021, and were comprised of 
 commercial loans totaling , commercial real estate loan totaling , agriculture loans totaling , residential mortgage loan totaling , and consumer loans totaling . 

76 

Table of Contents 

or more. Once identified, impaired loans are measured individually for impairment using one of
 three methods: present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate; the loan s observable market price; or fair value of collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. If the measurement of a non-accrual loan is
 less than the recorded investment in the loan, an impairment is recognized through the establishment of a specific reserve sufficient to cover expected losses and/or a charge-off against the allowance for loan losses. In general, any portion of the
 recorded investment in a collateral dependent loan in excess of the fair value of the collateral that can be identified as uncollectible, and is, therefore, deemed a confirmed loss, is promptly charged-off against the allowance for loan losses.

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Total

December 31, 2021 

Commercial

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Total

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Total

of the interest on impaired loans
 was recognized using a cash basis of accounting for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

77 

Table of Contents 

.

and in TDR loans as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively. Specific reserves for TDR loans totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. TDR loans performing in
 compliance with modified terms totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were commitments to advance
 additional funds on existing TDR loans as of December 31, 2022.

Total

Consumer

Total

loans were modified as a TDR within the previous 12 months that subsequently defaulted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company considers a
 loan to be in payment default when it is 90 days or more past due.

78 

Table of Contents 

79 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Total

December 31, 2021 

Commercial

Commercial Real Estate

Agriculture

Residential Mortgage

Residential Construction

Consumer

Total

80 

Table of Contents 

Provision for loan losses

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net charge-offs 

Ending Balance

Period-end amount allocated to:

Loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Reversal of provision for loan losses

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs)/ recoveries

Ending Balance

Period-end amount allocated to:

Loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

81 

Table of Contents 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Ending Balance

December 31, 2021

Loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Ending Balance

82 

Table of Contents 

and ,
 respectively.

Valuation allowance

Mortgage servicing rights, net of valuation allowance

Valuation allowance

Mortgage servicing rights, net of valuation allowance

and , respectively. The changes in fair value of mortgage servicing rights during 2022 and 2021 were
 primarily due to new originations and changes in estimated prepayment speeds. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contractually specified servicing
 fees are included in Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

83 

Table of Contents 

Buildings

Furniture and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Mortgage servicing rights asset (see Note 5)

Officer s life insurance

Deferred tax assets, net (see Note 18)

Operating lease right-of-use asset (see Note 9) 

Prepaid and other

secured borrowings and Federal Funds purchased at December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021. 

and, at such date, also had unsecured formal lines of credit totaling with correspondent banks. 

long-term borrowings at December
 31, 2022 and 2021.

84 

Table of Contents 

branch and administrative
 locations under operating leases expiring on various dates through 2031. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For lease
 agreements entered into or reassessed after the adoption of Topic 842, the Company combines lease and nonlease components. The Bank had no financing leases as of December 31, 2022.

to years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the
 Company s sole discretion. Most leases are currently in the extension period. For the remaining leases with options to renew, the Company has not included the extended lease terms in the calculation of lease liabilities as the options are not
 reasonably certain of being exercised. Certain lease agreements include rental payments that are adjusted periodically for inflation. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants.

and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Right-of-use assets are included in Interest receivable and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company had lease liabilities totaling and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 respectively. Lease liabilities are included in Interest payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company
 recognized lease expenses totaling and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Lease expense is included in Occupancy and Equipment expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: interest

Present value of lease liabilities

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases

85 

Table of Contents 

Standby letters of credit

Commitments to sell loans

financial standby letters of credit outstanding. The performance standby letters of
 credit are typically issued to municipalities as specific performance bonds. At December 31, 2022, there was issued in performance standby letters of credit and the Bank carried no liability. The Bank has experienced draws on these letters of credit and does not expect to in the future; however, should a triggering event occur, the Bank either has collateral in
 excess of the letter of credit or imbedded agreements of recourse from the customer. The Bank has set aside a reserve for unfunded commitments in the amount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is recorded in interest
 payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

off-balance sheet derivatives requiring additional disclosure.

and at December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively. Mortgage loans sold to investors may be sold with servicing rights retained, for which the Company makes only standard legal representations and warranties as to meeting certain underwriting and collateral documentation
 standards. In the past two years, the Company has not had to repurchase any loans due to deficiencies in underwriting or loan documentation. Management believes that any liabilities that may result from such recourse provisions are not significant.

86 

Table of Contents 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

87 

Table of Contents 

88 

Table of Contents 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets)

Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets)

Total Risk-Based Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets)

89 

Table of Contents 

Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Mortgage-backed securities

Total investments at fair value

Securities of U.S. government agencies and corporations

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Collateralized mortgage obligations

Mortgage-backed securities

Total investments at fair value

90 

Table of Contents 

assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022. 

Mortgage servicing rights

Total assets at fair value

liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring or non-recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

to , or the amount and
 timing of cash flows based on the loan s effective interest rate.

Mortgage servicing rights

Discounted cash flows

Present value of expected future cash flows was estimated using a weighted average discount rate
 factor of as of December 31, 2021 . A weighted average constant prepayment rate of as of December 31, 2021 was
 utilized. 

impaired loans that were considered collateral dependent. Impaired loans where a charge-off is
 recorded based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When a loan is evaluated based on the fair value of the underlying collateral securing the loan, the Company records the impaired loan as non-recurring
 Level 3 given the valuation includes significant unobservable assumptions.

91 

Table of Contents 

Certificates of deposit

2

Stock in Federal Home Loan Bank and other equity securities, at cost 

3

Loans receivable:

Net loans

3

Loans held-for-sale

2

Interest receivable

2

Mortgage servicing rights

3

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

3

Interest payable

2

92 

Table of Contents 

stock dividend declared on , payable on , to shareholders of record as of .

Weighted average common shares outstanding

Basic earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share:

Net income

Weighted average common shares outstanding

Effect of dilutive shares

Adjusted weighted average common shares outstanding

Diluted earnings per share

shares and shares for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted stock not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they would have had an anti-dilutive effect amounted to shares and shares for the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively.

93 

Table of Contents 

stock dividend declared on , payable on 
 to shareholders of record as of .

total shares in any calendar year. With respect to awards granted to
 non-employee directors under the Plan during the term of the Plan, the total number of shares of common stock which may be issued upon exercise or settlement of such awards is shares and no outside director may receive option grants, stock appreciation rights,
 restricted stock or stock units for more than 
 shares total in any calendar year. There are 
 shares authorized under the Plan. The Plan will terminate on March 15, 2026. 

per year after the first anniversary of the date of
 grant and restricted stock awards vest at a rate of after . Options expire years after the date of grant.
 Options are granted with an exercise price of the fair value of the related common stock on the date of grant.

Granted

Exercised

Cancelled/Forfeited

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Stock options outstanding and expected to vest:

Stock options vested and currently exercisable:

. There were options granted in 2021. 

in 2022 and in 2021. The fair value of awards vested during the years
 ended December 31 was in 2022
 and in 2021.

. 

of total unrecognized compensation related to non-vested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
 approximately years.

94 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, of recognized compensation related to stock options.

Expected Dividend Yield

Expected Life in Years

Expected Price Volatility

of continued employment or service from the date of grant. Restricted shares are forfeited if
 officers and employees terminate prior to the lapsing of restrictions.

Granted

Vested

Cancelled/Forfeited

Balance at December 31, 2022 

and , respectively.

in 2022 and in 2021. 

of total unrecognized compensation related to non-vested restricted stock awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
 period of approximately years.

and , respectively, of recognized compensation related to restricted stock awards.

95 

Table of Contents 

shares authorized under the ESPP, which include authorized but unissued shares under the 2006 Amended ESPP. The
 ESPP will expire on March 16, 2026.

each. The Board of Directors determines the commencement date and duration of each participation period. An eligible employee is one who has been continually employed for at least ninety ) days prior to commencement of a participation period. Under the terms of the ESPP, employees can choose to have up to percent of their compensation withheld to purchase the Company s common stock each participation period. The purchase price of the stock is percent of the lower of the fair value on the last trading day before the Date of Participation or the fair value on the last trading day during the
 participation period. Approximately percent of eligible employees are participating in the ESPP in the current participation period,
 which began November 24, 2022 and will end November 23, 2023.

in contributions, and shares were purchased at a price
 of . For the year ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021, there was 
 and , respectively, of recognized compensation related to ESPP issuances. Compensation cost is reported in salaries and employee
 benefits expense in the consolidated statements of income.

stock dividend declared on , payable , to shareholders of record as of .

and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
 profit sharing plan also has a 401(k) feature that allows employees to contribute to the profit sharing plan, even if they are not eligible for a contribution from the Bank. An employee is eligible to make contributions through the 401(k) feature on
 the 1 st of the month following days of employment.

96 

Table of Contents 

and depending on responsibilities
 at the Bank. The retirement benefits are paid for years following retirement at age . Reduced retirement benefits are available after age and years of service.

participants in the SERP.

-year
 average salary plus -year average bonus (average compensation). For each year of service, the benefit formula credits to of average compensation up to a
 cumulative maximum of 50 . Therefore, for an executive serving to years, the target benefit is of average compensation.

of the social security benefit expected at age and for the
 accumulated value of contributions the Bank makes to the executive s profit sharing plan. For purposes of this reduction, contributions to the profit sharing plan are accumulated each year at a -year average of the yields on -year Treasury securities. Retirement benefits
 are paid monthly for months, plus 
 months for each full year of service over years, up to a maximum of months.

for each year payments commence prior to age 65. Therefore, the new SERP benefit is reduced for retirement at age . benefit is payable for voluntary terminations prior to age 55.

97 

Table of Contents 

Service cost

Interest cost

Plan gain 

Benefits paid

Benefit obligation at end of year

Change in plan assets

Employer contribution

Benefits paid

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Reconciliation of funded status

Funded status

Unrecognized net plan loss

Unrecognized prior service cost

Net amount recognized

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of:

Accrued benefit liability

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Net amount recognized

98 

Table of Contents 

of the unrecognized net actuarial loss and prior service cost as a component of net periodic benefit cost in 2023.

Interest cost

Amortization of prior service cost

Recognized actuarial loss

Net periodic benefit cost

Additional Information

Minimum benefit obligation at year end

Decrease increase in minimum liability included in
 other comprehensive loss 

Discount rate used to determine benefit obligations at December 31

Future salary increases

in benefit payments during fiscal 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 - 2032 

99 

Table of Contents 

per year of service as a director, up to a maximum benefit amount of . The retirement benefit is payable for following retirement at age
 . Reduced retirement benefits are available after age and of service.

Service cost

Interest cost

Plan gain 

Benefits paid

Benefit obligation at end of year

Change in plan assets

Employer contribution

Benefits paid

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Reconciliation of funded status

Funded status

Unrecognized net plan gain

Net amount recognized

Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of:

Accrued benefit liability

Accumulated other comprehensive (gain) loss

Net amount recognized

100 

Table of Contents 

Interest cost

Recognized actuarial gain

Net periodic benefit cost

Additional Information

Minimum benefit obligation at year end

Decrease in minimum liability included in other comprehensive loss

Discount rate used to determine benefit obligations at December 31

in benefit payments during fiscal 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 - 2032 

101 

Table of Contents 

, which is reported in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bank is the beneficiary and owner of the policies. The cash surrender
 value of the related insurance policies as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. The net decrease in accrued liability for the 2001 Executive Deferral Plan totaled for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net decrease was due to payments totaling for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was partially offset by interest accrued totaling 
 during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense for the 2001 Executive Deferral Plan totaled for each of
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. The net decrease in accrued liability for the 2001
 Director Deferral Plan totaled for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net decrease was due to payments totaling
 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was partially offset by interest accrued totaling for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense for the 2001 Director Deferral Plan totaled for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

102 

Table of Contents 

State

Deferred:

Federal

State

Deferred compensation

Retirement compensation

Stock option compensation

Postretirement benefits

Current state franchise taxes

Non-accrual interest

Sale-leaseback

Lease liability

Investment securities unrealized
 loss 

Other

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Fixed assets depreciation

FHLB dividends

Tax credit loss on pass-through

Deferred loan costs

Mortgage servicing rights

Right of Use Asset

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets (see Note 7)

103 

Table of Contents 

state net operating loss carry forwards and federal tax credit carry forwards.

Increase (decrease) in tax rate due to:

State franchise tax, net of federal benefit

Reduction for tax exempt interest

Cash surrender value of life insurance

Other

Effective income tax rate

unrecognized tax
 benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognized changes in unrecognized tax benefits during 2022
 and 2021, due to the expiration of a statute of limitations. The Company had significant uncertain tax positions as of December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company does not currently anticipate any significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits during 2023.

104 

Table of Contents 

Current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

105 

Table of Contents 

Income taxes

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:

Stock dividend distributed

Fair value adjustment of securities available for sale, net of tax of and for the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
 respectively

Loans held-for-sale transferred to loans held-for-investment 

Recognition of right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities

Market value of shares tendered in-lieu of cash to pay for exercise of options 

106 

Table of Contents 

Investment in wholly-owned subsidiary

Total assets

Liabilities and stockholders equity

Liabilities

Stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

Other operating expenses

Income tax benefit

(Loss) income before undistributed earnings of subsidiary

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities

Stock-based compensation

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Common stock issued

Stock repurchases 

Cash dividends paid in lieu of fractional shares

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash at beginning of year

Cash at end of year

107 

Table of Contents 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Credit granted

Repayments / Reductions

Outstanding balance, end of year

branches of Columbia located in
 the California towns of Colusa, Orland and Willows.

of the average daily closing balance of the deposits for the period
 commencing thirty calendar days prior to the closing date and concluding on the date preceding the closing date plus the net book values of certain assets of Columbia and accrued interest and fees with respect to the acquired loans. At the closing
 of the acquisition, and subject to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Bank assumed the deposit liabilities related to certain accounts. The aggregate deposits assumed totaled approximately million, and the aggregate principal balance of the loans acquired totaled approximately million.

108 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure controls and procedures

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), that are designed
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules
 and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to meet and management believes that they meet reasonable assurance standards. Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the chief
 executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to
 them by others within those entities.

Internal controls over financial reporting

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. This internal control system has been designed to provide reasonable
 assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of the Company s published consolidated financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
 limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. As required by Rule 13a-15(d), management, including the Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or
 are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that there has been no such change during the last
 quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. See Management s Report included in Item 8
 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for management s report on the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION

None.

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

109 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information called for by this item with respect to director and executive officer information is incorporated by reference herein from the sections of the Company s proxy statement for its 2023
 Annual Meeting of Shareholders entitled Executive Officers, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, Executive Compensation Report of Audit Committee, and Nomination and Election of Directors. Item 405 of
 Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of any known late filing or failure by an insider to file a report required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. To the extent disclosure for delinquent reports is being made, it can be found in, and is
 incorporated herein by reference to, the section of the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders entitled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports .

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct, which complies with the Code of Ethics requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. A copy of the Code of Conduct is posted on the Investor
 Relations page of the Company s website, or is available, without charge, upon the written request of any shareholder directed to Devon Camara-Soucy, Corporate Secretary, First Northern Community Bancorp, 195 North First Street, Dixon, California
 95620. The Company intends to disclose promptly any amendment to, or waiver from any provision of, the Code of Conduct applicable to senior financial officers, and any waiver from any provision of the Code of Conduct applicable to directors, on
 the Investor Relations page of its website.

The Company s website address is www.thatsmybank.com .

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information called for by this item is incorporated by reference herein from the sections of the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders entitled Nomination and
 Election of Directors, Transactions with Related Persons, Director Compensation, and Executive Compensation. 

110 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Information concerning ownership of the equity stock of the Company by certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference from the sections of the Company s proxy statement
 for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Nomination and Election of Directors. 

Stock Purchase Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table shows the Company s equity compensation plans approved by security holders. The table also indicates the number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options,
 weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, non-vested restricted stock and the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. All amounts have been
 adjusted to give retroactive effect to stock dividends and stock splits, including the 5 stock dividend declared on January 26, 2023, payable on March 24, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 28, 2023. The plans included in this table
 are the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan and 2016 Stock Incentive Plan. See Stock Compensation Plans in Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Plan category

Number of securities

 to be issued upon

 exercise of

 outstanding options,

 warrants and rights

Weighted-average

 exercise price of

 outstanding

 options, warrants

 and rights

Number of

 securities to be

 issued upon

 vesting of

 restricted stock

Weighted-

 average grant

 date fair value

 of restricted

 stock

Number of securities

 remaining available for future

 issuance under equity

 compensation plans

 (excluding securities reflected

 in the first column)

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

684,868

8.41

248,467

9.33

499,386

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders

Total

684,868

8.41

248,467

9.33

499,386

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the sections of the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders entitled Director
 Independence and Transactions with Related Persons. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the section of the Company s proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders entitled Audit and Non-Audit
 Fees. 

111 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1) Financial Statements:

Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements under Item 8 in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules:

All schedules to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in
 the Consolidated Financial Statements or accompanying notes.

(a)(3) Exhibits:

The following is a list of all exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

Exhibit

Exhibit Number

3.1

Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Company incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2018

3.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as amended) incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2022

4.1

Description of the Registrant s Common Stock incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s
 Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2019

10.1

First Northern Community Bancorp 2000 Stock Option Plan incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated May 25, 2000 

10.2

First Northern Community Bancorp Outside Directors 2000 Non-statutory Stock Option
 Plan incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement dated Form S-8 on May 25, 2000 

10.3

Amended First Northern Community Bancorp Employee Stock Purchase Plan incorporated herein by
 reference to Appendix B of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 

10.4

First Northern Community Bancorp 2000 Stock Option Plan Forms Incentive Stock Option
 Agreement and Notice of Exercise of Stock Option incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated May 25, 2000 

10.5

First Northern Community Bancorp 2000 Outside Directors 2000 Non-statutory Stock
 Option Plan Forms Non-statutory Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise of Stock Option incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated May 25, 2000 

10.6

First Northern Community Bancorp 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Forms
 Participation Agreement and Notice of Withdrawal incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated May 25, 2000 

10.7

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement entered into as of July 23, 2001 by and between First
 Northern Bank of Dixon and Don Fish incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001 

10.8

Employment Agreement entered into as of July 23, 2001 by and between First Northern Bank of Dixon
 and Owen J. Onsum incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001 

112 

Table of Contents 

10.10

Employment Agreement entered into as of July 23, 2001 by and between First Northern Bank of Dixon
 and Robert Walker incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2001 

10.11

Form of Director Retirement and Split Dollar Agreements between First Northern Bank of Dixon and
 Lori J. Aldrete, Frank J. Andrews Jr., John M. Carbahal, Gregory DuPratt, John F. Hamel, Diane P. Hamlyn, Foy S. McNaughton, William Jones, Jr. and David Schulze incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Company s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001 

10.13

Amended Form of Director Retirement and Split Dollar Agreements between First Northern Bank of
 Dixon and Lori J. Aldrete, Frank J. Andrews Jr., John M. Carbahal, Gregory DuPratt, John F. Hamel, Diane P. Hamlyn, Foy S. McNaughton, William Jones, Jr. and David Schulze incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 

10.15

Form of Salary Continuation Agreement between Pat Day and First Northern Bank of Dixon 
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 

10.17

First Northern Bancorp 2006 Stock Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Appendix A of
 the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 

10.18

First Northern Bank Annual Incentive Compensation Plan incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 

10.20

First Northern Community Bancorp 2006 Stock Option Plan Forms Stock Option Agreement and
 Notice of Exercise of Stock Option incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2009 

10.21

First Northern Community Bancorp 2006 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement 
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 

10.23

Employment Agreement for Patrick S. Day, Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer 
 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2012 

10.24

First Northern Bancorp Amended and Restated 2016 Stock Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Appendix A of
 the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders .

10.25 

First Northern Bancorp 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Company s
 Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders .

10.26

Amended and Restated Executive Deferral Plan of First Northern Bank effective July 20, 2017 
 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended September 30, 2017 

10.27

Executive Retirement/Retention Participation Agreement for Joe Danelson, Executive Vice
 President and Chief Credit Officer incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended September 30, 2017 

10.28

Executive Retirement/Retention Participation Agreement for Jeremiah Z. Smith, Senior
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28
 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended September 30, 2017 

10.29

Form of Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between First Northern Bank of Dixon
 and Jeremiah Z. Smith, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended March 31, 2018 

10.30

Form of Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between First Northern Bank of Dixon
 and Kevin Spink, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended March 31, 2018 

10.31

Change of Control Agreement between First Northern Bank of Dixon and Joe Danelson, Executive
 Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended March 31, 2018 

113 

Table of Contents 

10.32

Change of Control Agreement between First Northern Bank of Dixon and Jeffrey Adamski,
 Executive Vice President and Senior Loan Officer. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended March 31, 2018 

10.33

Executive Retirement/Retention Participation Agreement for Jeffrey Adamski, Executive Vice
 President and Senior Loan Officer. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended March 31, 2018 

10.34

Amended Form of Salary Continuation Agreement between First Northern Bank of Dixon and Bruce
 Orris, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer. incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended March 31, 2018 

10.35

Change of Control Agreement between First Northern Bank of Dixon and Denise Burris,
 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended June 30, 2021 

10.36

Executive Retirement/Retention Participation Agreement for Denise Burris, Executive
 Vice President and Chief Information Officer - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended June 30, 2021 

10.37

Employment Agreement for Jeremiah Z. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer entered into
 between First Northern Bank of Dixon and Mr. Smith as of January 1, 2023 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K/A dated December 26, 2022 

10.38

First Amendment to Executive Retirement/Retention Participation Agreement for Jeremiah Z.
 Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2023 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K/A dated December 26, 2022 

10.39

First Amendment to the Participation Agreement of the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 for Jeremiah Z. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2023 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K/A dated December 26, 2022 

21 

Subsidiary of the Company provided herewith

23.1 

Consent of independent registered public accounting firm provided herewith

31.1 

Rule 13(a) 14(a) / 15(d) 14(a) Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer provided herewith

31.2 

Rule 13(a) 14(a) / 15(d) 14(a) Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer provided herewith

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer provided herewith

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer provided herewith

101

Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, the following financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, is formatted in XBRL
 interactive data files: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Management contract or compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement.

In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

114 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized, on March 10, 2023.

FIRST NORTHERN COMMUNITY BANCORP

By:

/s/ Jeremiah Z. Smith 

Jeremiah Z. Smith

President/Chief Executive Officer/Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

115 

Table of Contents 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Jeremiah Z. Smith

President/Chief Executive Officer/Director

March 10, 2023

Jeremiah Z. Smith

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Kevin Spink

Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer

March 10, 2023

Kevin Spink

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ PATRICK R. BRADY

Director and Chairman of the Board

March 10, 2023

Patrick R. Brady

/s/ JOHN M. CARBAHAL

Director and Vice Chairman of the Board

March 10, 2023

John M. Carbahal

/s/ GREGORY DUPRATT

Director

March 10, 2023

Gregory DuPratt

/s/ BARBARA HAYES

Director

March 10, 2023

Barbara Hayes

/s/ RICHARD M. MARTINEZ

Director

March 10, 2023

Richard M. Martinez

/s/ FOY S. MCNAUGHTON

Director

March 10, 2023

Foy S. McNaughton

/s/ SEAN P. QUINN

Director

March 10, 2023

Sean P. Quinn

/s/ DANIEL F. RAMOS

Director

March 10, 2023

Daniel F. Ramos

/s/ MARK C. SCHULZE

Director

March 10, 2023

Mark C. Schulze

/s/ LOUISE A. WALKER

Director

March 10, 2023

Louise A. Walker

116 

<EX-21>
 2
 brhc10049491_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

First Northern Community Bancorp

Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022

State of Incorporation

First Northern Bank of Dixon

California

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brhc10049491_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-37874, No. 333-136977, No. 333-207951, and 333-262318) of First Northern
 Community Bancorp (the Company ), of our report dated March 10, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ MOSS ADAMS LLP

Sacramento, California

 March 10, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10049491_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

Rule 13(a) 14(a) / 15(d) 14(a) Certification

I, Jeremiah Z. Smith, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Northern Community Bancorp;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and

d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
 the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 10, 2023

/s/ Jeremiah Z. Smith

Jeremiah Z. Smith

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 brhc10049491_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

Rule 13(a) 14(a) / 15(d) 14(a) Certification

I, Kevin Spink, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Northern Community Bancorp;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and

d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 10, 2023

/s/ Kevin Spink

Kevin Spink

Executive Vice President/

 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10049491_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

In connection with the filing of the Annual Report of First Northern Community Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Jeremiah Z. Smith, the Chief Executive
 Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge,

(i) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and

(ii) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 10, 2023

/s/ Jeremiah Z. Smith

Jeremiah Z. Smith

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc10049491_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

In connection with the filing of the Annual Report of First Northern Community Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Kevin Spink, the Chief Financial Officer of
 the Company, certify pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge,

(i)

the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and

(ii)

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 10, 2023

/s/ Kevin Spink

Kevin Spink

Executive Vice President /

 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fnrn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fnrn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fnrn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fnrn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fnrn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

