<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1737287_0001737287-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12220427</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>641710</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3790271</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2928033</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2498094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2211243</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001737287-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001737287-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Allogene Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001737287
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				823562771
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38693
		FILM NUMBER:		23685415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 EAST GRAND AVENUE
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 457-2700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 EAST GRAND AVENUE
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001737287-23-000018.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 allo-20221231.htm
 10-K

allo-20221231 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 _________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices including zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 _________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Small reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately million based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 of 11.40 per share, as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select Market . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 40 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 77 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 77 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 78 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 78 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 79 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 80 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 80 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 91 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 92 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 125 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 125 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 126 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 126 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 128 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 131 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 131 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 131 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 131 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 132 

i 

Table of Contents 

 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to Allogene, we, us and our refer to Allogene Therapeutics, Inc., and references in this report to Servier collectively refer to Les Laboratoires Servier SAS and Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier SAS. 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 the success, cost, timing and potential indications of our product development activities and clinical trials; 
 
 the timing of the initiation, enrollment and completion of planned clinical trials in the United States and foreign countries; 
 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates in any of the indications for which we plan to develop them, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of an approved product candidate; 
 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to complete the clinical trials of any of our product candidates; 
 
 the ultimate outcome of our disputes with Servier, including disagreements relating to development cost contributions and the timeframe during which we have the right to elect a license to CD19 Products outside of the United States subsequent to Servier s discontinuation of its involvement in the development of all CD19 products pursuant to our Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement; 
 
 our ability and plans to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates; 
 
 our ability to attract and retain collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 
 
 the size of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 
 
 our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates; 
 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates; 
 
 our ability to develop and maintain sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; 
 
 regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 
 
 our ability to contract with and the performance of our and our collaborators third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 
 
 our ability to develop and successfully operate our own manufacturing facility; 
 
 the success of competing therapies that are or become available; 
 
 our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel; 
 
 the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 
 our use of cash and other resources; and 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates and our ability to operate our business without infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. 
 In some cases, you can identify these statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expects, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the date of this report and are subject to risks and uncertainties. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. We discuss many of the risks associated with the forward-looking statements in this report in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 You should carefully read this report and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed as exhibits to the Form 10-K, of which this report is a part, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this report by these cautionary statements. 
 Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Trademarks and Trade names 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains references to our trademarks and to trademarks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 Below is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors under Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report, and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report before making investment decisions regarding our common stock. 
 We have incurred net losses in every period since our inception and anticipate that we will incur substantial net losses in the future. 
 Our engineered allogeneic T cell product candidates represent a novel approach to cancer treatment that creates significant challenges for us. 
 Gene-editing is a relatively new technology, and if we are unable to use this technology in our intended product candidates, our revenue opportunities will be materially limited. 
 We are heavily reliant on our partners for access to TALEN gene editing technology for the manufacturing and development of our product candidates. 
 Servier's discontinuation of its involvement in the development of CD19 products and our disputes with Servier may have adverse consequences. 
 Our product candidates are based on novel technologies, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and obtaining regulatory approval. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the success of our lead product candidates. If we are unable to advance clinical development, obtain approval of and successfully commercialize our lead product candidates for the treatment of patients in approved indications, our business would be significantly harmed. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that have halted and could in the future halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of any of our product candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Phase 1 data from our clinical trials is limited and may change as more patient data become available. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials, or may not be able to conduct our trials on the timelines we expect. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 COVID-19 has been adversely impacting, and any future health epidemic or pandemic may adversely impact, our business, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 We may fail to successfully manufacture our product candidates, operate our own manufacturing facility, or obtain regulatory approval to utilize or commercialize from our manufacturing facility, which could adversely affect our clinical trials and the commercial viability of our product candidates. 
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 We will need substantial additional financing to develop our products and implement our operating plans. If we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We rely and will continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and manufacture our product candidates and critical raw materials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. 
 We rely on T cells from healthy donors and other specialty raw materials to manufacture our product candidates, and if we do not obtain an adequate supply of T cells from qualified donors or other raw materials, development of those product candidates would be adversely impacted. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The FDA may disagree with our regulatory plan and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval of our CAR T cell product candidates. 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 If our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 
 We are a clinical stage immuno-oncology company pioneering the development of genetically engineered allogeneic T cell product candidates for the treatment of cancer. We are developing a pipeline of off-the-shelf T cell product candidates that are designed to target and kill cancer cells. Our engineered T cells are allogeneic, meaning they are derived from healthy donors for intended use in any patient, rather than from an individual patient for that patient s use, as in the case of autologous T cells. We believe this key difference will enable us to deliver readily available treatments faster, more reliably, at greater scale, and to more patients. 
 
 Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy, a form of cancer immunotherapy, has emerged as a revolutionary and potentially curative therapy for patients with hematologic cancers, including refractory cancers. In 2017, the first two autologous anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapies, Kymriah, developed by Novartis International AG (Novartis), and Yescarta, developed by Kite Pharma, Inc. (Kite), were approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of relapsed/refractory (R/R) B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) (Kymriah) and R/R large B-cell lymphoma (Yescarta). Autologous CAR T cell therapies are manufactured individually for the patient s use by modifying the patient s own T cells outside the body, causing the T cells to express CARs. The entire manufacturing process is dependent on the viability of each patient s T cells and takes approximately two to four weeks. Obtaining a manufacturing slot, collecting patient cells, and scheduling can extend the time to treatment by additional weeks. As seen in the registrational trials for Kymriah and Yescarta, up to 31 of intended patients ultimately did not receive treatment primarily due to interval complications from the underlying disease prior to delivery of therapy or manufacturing failures. 
 
 Our allogeneic approach involves engineering healthy donor T cells, which we believe will allow for the creation of an inventory of off-the-shelf products that can be delivered to a larger portion of eligible patients throughout the world. These potential benefits led our Executive Chair, Arie Belldegrun, M.D., FACS, who was previously the Chair and Chief Executive Officer at Kite, and our President and Chief Executive Officer, David Chang, M.D., Ph.D., previously Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President of Research and Development at Kite, to found our company with the driving purpose of accelerating the development of allogeneic CAR T cell therapies. 
 
 We have multiple clinical trials ongoing and have a deep pipeline to further the research and development of allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates in both hematological malignancies and solid tumors. We believe our technology platform combined with our management team s experience in immuno-oncology and specifically in CAR T cell therapy will help drive the rapid development and, if approved, the commercialization of potentially curative therapies for patients with aggressive cancer. 
 Our Approach 
 
 Our allogeneic T cell development strategy has four key pillars: (1) engineering product candidates to minimize the risk of graft-versus-host disease (GvHD), a condition where allogeneic T cells can recognize the patient s normal tissue as foreign and cause damage, (2) creating a window of persistence that may enable allogeneic T cells to expand and eradicate cancer cells in patients, (3) building a leading manufacturing platform to enable consistent and high quality production and (4) leveraging next generation technologies to improve the functionality of allogeneic CAR T cells. 
 
 We use Cellectis, S.A. (Cellectis), TALEN gene-editing technology to limit the risk of GvHD by engineering T cells to lack functional T cell receptors (TCRs) that are no longer capable of recognizing a patient s normal tissue as foreign. With the goal of enhancing the expansion and persistence of our engineered allogeneic T cells, we use TALEN to inactivate the CD52 gene in donor T cells and an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody to deplete CD52 expressing T cells in patients while sparing the therapeutic allogeneic T cells. We believe this enables a window of persistence for the infused allogeneic T cells to actively target and destroy cancer cells. We are also developing ALLO-647, our own anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody, which is 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 designed to be used prior to infusing our other product candidates as part of a lymphodepletion regimen. Our off-the-shelf approach is dependent on state-of-the-art manufacturing processes, and we are continuing to build a technical operations organization with fully integrated in-house expertise in clinical and commercial engineered T cell manufacturing. 
 
 We have built our own current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) manufacturing facility in Newark, California, that we call Cell Forge 1 (CF1). We are currently assessing the product candidates for manufacturing at CF1. 
 
 Finally, we plan to leverage next generation technologies, such as to develop more potent product candidates and to develop product candidates to overcome premature rejection of allogeneic CAR T cells by the patient immune system. We believe next generation technologies will also allow us to develop allogeneic T cell therapies for the treatment of solid tumors, which to date have been difficult to treat because of the lack of validated targets and tumor microenvironments that can impair the activity of T cells. 
 Our Pipeline 
 
 We are currently developing a pipeline of multiple allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates utilizing protein engineering, gene editing, gene insertion and advanced proprietary T cell manufacturing technologies. Our most advanced product candidates, ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A, are engineered allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates that target CD19, a protein expressed on the cell surface of B cells and a validated target for B cell driven hematological malignancies. We are also developing engineered allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates for multiple myeloma, clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC), and other blood cancers and solid tumors. Our pipeline is represented in the diagram below. 

1 Phase 3 may not be required if Phase 2 is registrational; 2 ALLO-647 is intended to enable expansion and persistence of allogeneic CAR T product candidates; 3 TurboCAR 
 
 Our lead product candidates include: 
 
 ALLO-501. We are sponsoring a Phase 1 clinical trial (the ALPHA trial) of ALLO-501 in patients with the most common R/R non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) subtypes, including R/R large B-cell lymphoma (LBCL) and R/R follicular lymphoma (FL). We completed accrual in the ALPHA trial in 2021 and are following patients as part of long-term follow-up. 
 
 ALLO-501A. We have removed rituximab recognition domains in our second-generation version of ALLO-501, known as ALLO-501A, which we believe will potentially facilitate treatment of more patients, as rituximab is a typical part of a treatment regimen for a patient with NHL. We initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial for ALLO-501A (the ALPHA2 trial) in the second quarter of 2020. The Phase 1 portion of the ALPHA2 trial was designed to assess the safety and tolerability at increasing dose levels of ALLO-501A in patients with R/R LBCL or transformed FL. Updated results from the ALPHA trial and ALPHA2 trial were presented at our November 2022 R D Showcase. See Product 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Pipeline and Development Strategy Anti-CD19 Development Program Results from the Phase 1 ALLO-501 ALPHA Trial and the Phase 1 ALLO-501A ALPHA2 Trial for information regarding the results. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we proceeded to the Phase 2 portion of the ALPHA2 trial in adult patients with R/R LBCL. We expect to complete enrollment of the Phase 2 portion of the ALPHA2 trial in the first half of 2024. Subject to further patient follow-up and FDA discussion, we plan to initiate a Phase 3 clinical trial of ALLO-501A in an earlier line of therapy for LBCL in the first half of 2024. 
 
 ALLO-715. We are sponsoring a Phase 1 clinical trial (the UNIVERSAL trial) of ALLO-715, an allogeneic CAR T cell product candidate targeting B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA), in adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma. We presented updated results from the UNIVERSAL trial at our R D Showcase in November 2022 as well as at the American Society of Hematology annual meeting in December 2022. See Product Pipeline and Development Strategy Anti-BCMA Development Program Results from the Phase 1 ALLO-715 UNIVERSAL Trial for information regarding the results. 
 
 ALLO-605. We are sponsoring a Phase 1 clinical trial (the IGNITE trial) of ALLO-605, an allogeneic CAR T cell product candidate targeting BCMA, in adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma. ALLO-605 is our first product candidate to incorporate our TurboCAR technology. TurboCAR technology allows cytokine signaling to be engineered selectively into CAR T cells and has shown the ability to improve the potency and persistence of the cells and to delay exhaustion of the cells in preclinical models. We are currently reviewing and optimizing the manufacturing process for our BCMA program and are not enrolling patients in the UNIVERSAL and IGNITE trials at this time. 
 
 ALLO-316. We are sponsoring a Phase 1 clinical trial (the TRAVERSE trial) of ALLO-316, an allogeneic CAR T cell product candidate targeting CD70, in adult patients with advanced or metastatic ccRCC. We presented preliminary results from the TRAVERSE trial at our November 2022 R D Showcase. See Product Pipeline and Development Strategy Anti-CD70 Development Program Results from the Phase 1 ALLO-316 TRAVERSE Trial for information regarding the results. Subject to ongoing results in the TRAVERSE trial, we intend to complete planned dose exploration and initiate expansion cohort enrollment in 2023. We may also investigate the use of ALLO-316 for other CD70 expressing solid tumors and hematologic indications or in combination with other anticancer therapies such as immune checkpoint inhibitors. 
 
 ALLO-647 . We are developing an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody, ALLO-647, which is a component of our lymphodepletion regimen. ALLO-647 may be able to reduce the likelihood of a patient s immune system rejecting the engineered allogeneic T cells for a sufficient period of time to enable a window of persistence during which our engineered allogeneic T cells can actively target and destroy cancer cells. We are currently assessing ALLO-647 in all of our clinical trials and are in the process of initiating a separate Phase 2 trial (the EXPAND trial) to assess ALLO-647 and its contribution to the overall benefit to risk ratio of the lymphodepletion regimen for ALLO-501A. We expect the EXPAND trial to open to enrollment early in the second quarter of 2023. As a part of this potentially registrational trial, patients will be randomized to receive the same single dose of ALLO-501A as in the ALPHA2 trial and either lymphodepletion with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (control arm) or the lymphodepletion regimen of the ALPHA2 trial, inclusive of ALLO-647 (active arm). 
 Our History and Team 
 
 We believe we have established a leadership position in allogeneic T cell therapy. In April 2018, we acquired certain assets from Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer), including strategic license and collaboration agreements and other intellectual property related to the development and administration of allogeneic CAR T cells for the treatment of cancer. We have an Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement with Servier (the Servier Agreement) to develop and commercialize ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A, and we hold the commercial rights to these product candidates in the United States. We also have an exclusive worldwide license from Cellectis to its TALEN gene-editing technology for the development of allogeneic T cell product candidates directed against 15 different cancer antigens. The Servier Agreement gives us access to TALEN gene-editing technology for ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A. 
 
 Our world-class management team has significant experience in immuno-oncology and in progressing products from early stage research to clinical trials, and ultimately to regulatory approval and commercialization. In particular, both Dr. Belldegrun and Dr. Chang led the development and approval of Yescarta at Kite. Additionally, our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Dr. Zachary Roberts, was also instrumental in the development and execution of the clinical trials of Yescarta across multiple indications, and he most recently served as the Chief Medical Officer of Instil Bio, a cell therapy company, where he led development of both clinical and pre-clinical programs. Our Chief Technical Officer, Alison Moore, 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Ph.D., has over 25 years of experience in biotechnology and was previously Senior Vice President, Process Development at Amgen, where she led the development, deployment and oversight of manufacturing for approximately 80 multi-modality assets. 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Our goal is to maintain and build upon our leadership position in allogeneic T cell therapy. We plan to rapidly develop and, if approved, commercialize allogeneic T cell products for the treatment of cancer that can be delivered faster, more reliably and at greater scale than autologous T cell therapies. We believe achieving this goal could result in allogeneic T cell therapy becoming a standard of care in cancer treatment and enable us to make potentially curative therapies more readily accessible to more patients throughout the world. Key elements of our strategy include: 
 
 Capitalize on a validated target and our leadership in engineered allogeneic anti-CD19 CAR T cell product candidates. Autologous anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapies, such as Kymriah and Yescarta, have emerged as potentially curative therapies for B-cell lymphomas and leukemias. We believe developing allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates targeting CD19 is the next frontier in delivering potentially curative therapies against B-cell lymphomas and leukemias. We are focused on advancing ALLO-501A with the goal to complete enrollment in our Phase 2 ALPHA2 trial for R/R LBCL in the first half of 2024. We also plan to initiate a Phase 3 trial of ALLO-501A in an earlier line of therapy for LBCL in the first half of 2024. 
 
 Expand our leadership position within hematologic indications . In addition to ALLO-501A, we plan to advance our near-term pipeline against additional hematologic targets where there remains a high unmet need. For example, we believe BCMA is a promising target, as initial results from the UNIVERSAL trial have shown encouraging efficacy and manageable safety. We also plan to develop additional allogeneic T cell product candidates targeting other antigens found on hematologic malignancies, including ALLO-316 targeting CD70, which may be applicable to multiple hematological malignancies, and ALLO-819 targeting FLT3 for the treatment of AML. 
 
 Build state-of-the-art gene engineering and cell manufacturing capabilities . Manufacturing allogeneic T cell product candidates involves a series of complex and precise steps. We believe a critical component to our success will be to leverage and expand our proprietary manufacturing know-how, expertise and capacity. For instance, for our lead product candidate, ALLO-501A, we were able to identify and select a manufacturing process that was associated with robust clinical performance in Phase 1. We call this process Alloy and are using the Alloy process to manufacture ALLO-501A for the ALPHA2 and EXPAND trials. We plan to continue to optimize manufacturing for our other product candidates and plan to manufacture product at CF1, our state-of-the-art cell therapy manufacturing facility in Newark, California. We believe establishing our own fully integrated manufacturing operations and infrastructure will allow us to continuously improve the manufacturing process, limit our reliance on contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) and more rapidly advance the commercialization of any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval. 
 
 Expand into solid tumor indications with high unmet need and leverage next generation technologies to advance our platform. We plan to continue to advance the research and development of product candidates directed against a broad portfolio of solid tumor targets, including CD70 for the treatment of ccRCC, DLL3 for the treatment of small cell lung cancer and other aggressive neuroendocrine tumors, and Claudin 18.2 for the treatment of gastric and pancreatic cancer. We also plan to leverage next generation technologies to make more potent allogeneic CAR T cells and improve the characteristics of our product candidates. In addition, we are investigating next-generation technologies to control rejection of allogeneic CAR T cells by the patient immune system, such as with our Dagger technology that utilizes an anti-CD70 CAR to kill alloreactive host T cells. We are also advancing technologies to increase specificity of CAR T activity to avoid potential normal tissue toxicities associated with certain solid tumor targets. We continually survey the scientific and industry landscape for opportunities to license, partner or acquire technologies that may help us advance current or new cell therapies for the benefit of patients. 
 
 Accelerate the development of our product candidates across geographies . We are positioning ourselves to pursue clinical development of product candidates in additional markets around the world. Subject to our clinical progress in the United States, we plan to initiate clinical trials in Europe, Canada and Australia, among other geographies. In addition, in December 2020, we jointly formed Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of certain of our product candidates targeting BCMA, CD70, FLT3, and DLL3 in China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore. Allogene Overland has completed the buildout of a cell manufacturing facility in China and is beginning to progress product manufacturing ahead of clinical trial evaluation. We may selectively partner with other third parties to develop and commercialize our product candidates in additional countries. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Allogeneic T Cell Therapy 
 The Immune System and Cancer 
 
 White blood cells are a component of the immune system and are responsible for defending the body against infectious pathogens and other foreign material. T cells are a type of white blood cell and are involved in both sensing and killing infected or abnormal cells, including cancer cells, as well as coordinating the activation of other cells in an immune response. 
 
 T cells can be distinguished from other white blood cells by T cell receptors present on their cell surface. These receptors contribute to tumor surveillance by directing T cells to recognize and destroy cancerous cells. When T cells with cancer-specific receptors are absent, present in low numbers, of poor quality or rendered inactive by suppressive mechanisms, cancer may grow and spread. In addition, standard of care treatments, such as chemotherapy regimens, as well as disease specific factors can damage the patient s immune system, thereby inhibiting the ability of T cells to kill cancer. 
 Engineered T Cell Therapies 
 
 Engineered T cell therapy is a type of immunotherapy treatment whereby human T cells are removed from the body and engineered to express CARs which, when infused into a patient, may allow the recognition and destruction of cancer cells in a targeted manner. 
 
 Chimeric Antigen Receptors (CARs) 
 
 CARs are engineered molecules that, when present on the surface of a T cell, enable the T cell to recognize specific proteins or antigens that are present on the surface of other cells. The CAR in our product candidates is comprised of a single chain protein that contains the following elements: 
 
 Target Binding Domain: At one end of the CAR is a target binding domain that is specific to a target antigen. This domain extends out onto the surface of the engineered T cell, where it can recognize the target antigens. The target binding domain consists of a single-chain variable fragment (scFv) of an antibody comprising variable domains of heavy and light chains joined by a short linker. 
 
 Transmembrane Domain and Hinge: This middle portion of the CAR links the scFv target binding domain to the activating elements inside the cell. This transmembrane domain anchors the CAR in the cell s membrane. In addition, the transmembrane domain may also interact with other transmembrane proteins that enhance CAR function. The hinge domain, which extends to the exterior of the cell, connects the transmembrane domain to scFv and provides structural flexibility to facilitate optimal binding of scFv to the target antigen on the cancer cell s surface. 
 
 Activating Domains: The other end of transmembrane domain, inside the T cell, is connected to two contiguous domains responsible for activating the T cell when the CAR binds to the target cell. The CD3 zeta domain delivers an essential primary signal within the T cell, and the 41BB domain delivers an additional, co-stimulatory signal. Together, these signals trigger T cell activation, resulting in proliferation of the CAR T cells and killing of the cancer cell. In addition, activated CAR T cells stimulate the local secretion of cytokines and other molecules that can recruit and activate additional immune cells to potentiate killing of the cancer cells. 
 
 In addition to the domains described above, ALLO-715 possesses two rituximab-recognition domains between the scFv and the hinge which allow it to be recognized and eliminated by rituximab. ALLO-501 possesses rituximab recognition domains in a separate polypeptide termed RQR8 that is co-expressed with the CAR. We have removed rituximab recognition domains in ALLO-501A, which we believe will potentially facilitate treatment of more patients, as rituximab is a typical part of a treatment regimen for a patient with NHL. The figure below shows the constructs that support our lead product candidates in clinical development: ALLO-501, ALLO-501A and ALLO-715. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Allogeneic T Cell Therapies: The Next Revolution 
 
 There are two primary approaches to engineered T cell therapy: autologous and allogeneic. Autologous therapies use engineered T cells derived from the individual patient, while allogeneic therapies use engineered T cells derived from unrelated healthy donors. 
 
 The autologous approach, pioneered by Novartis and Kite, has been highly successful in engineering patients immune systems to fight cancer, in particular CD19 and BCMA expressing cancers, resulting in significant remission rates. Autologous products are manufactured by first collecting a patient s white blood cells, through a process known as leukapheresis, separating the T cells from the patient s blood sample and proliferating the isolated T cells. After the cells have multiplied, the CAR construct is virally transduced into the T cells and the engineered T cells are then propagated until a sufficient number of cells are available for infusion into the patient. Finally, the engineered T cells are frozen, and then shipped back to the clinical center for administration to the patient. The process from leukapheresis to delivery to the clinical center takes approximately two to four weeks. Obtaining a manufacturing slot, collecting patient cells, and scheduling can extend the time to treatment by additional weeks. 
 
 While the autologous approach has been revolutionary, demonstrating compelling efficacy in many patients, it is burdened by the following key limitations: 
 
 Lengthy Delivery Time . Due to the individualized manufacturing process, patients may wait multiple weeks to be treated with their engineered cells. As a result, in the registrational trials for Yescarta and Kymriah, up to 31 of intended patients ultimately did not receive treatment primarily due to interval complications from the underlying disease prior to delivery of therapy or manufacturing failures. In addition, certain patients being treated with autologous product candidates have required bridging therapy as they wait for the manufacture of their T cells. Bridging therapy to control disease may increase some cumulative or synergistic toxicities for the patients. Other rapidly progressing patients may not be considered candidates for autologous CAR T given lengthy waiting times and limited manufacturing slots. 
 
 Variable Potency . In some cases, patients may have T cells that have been damaged or weakened due to prior chemotherapy or hematopoietic stem-cell transplant. Compromised T cells may not proliferate well during manufacturing or may produce cells with insufficient potency that cannot be used for patient treatment, resulting in manufacturing failures, or that can show poor expansion and activity in patients. In addition, the individualized nature of autologous manufacturing, together with the variability in patients T cells, may lead to variable potency of manufactured T cells, and this variability may cause unpredictable treatment outcomes. 
 
 Manufacturing Failures . Autologous cell manufacturing sometimes encounters production failures. This can mean that a patient never receives treatment, as additional patient starting material may not be available or the patient may no longer be eligible due to advanced disease. Furthermore, retreatment can be difficult due to a limited supply of usable patient starting material. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 High Production Cost . The delivery of autologous T cell therapy is complicated due to the individualized nature of manufacturing, which allows only one patient to be treated from each manufacturing run and requires dedicated infrastructure to maintain a strict chain of custody and chain of identity of patient-by-patient material collection, manufacturing and delivery. The complex logistics add significant cost to the process and limit the ability to scale. Additionally, the collection of T cells through leukapheresis from each individual patient results in a time consuming and costly step in the autologous process. In part due to these logistics, autologous treatment is currently only available at select centers. 

Allogeneic engineered T cells are manufactured in a similar manner as autologous, but our manufacturing has two key differences: (1) our allogeneic T cells are derived from healthy donors, not cancer patients, and (2) our allogeneic T cells are genetically engineered to minimize the risk of GvHD and enable a window of persistence in the patient. 
 
 Our approach is designed to provide the same intended curative outcome as autologous therapy, while offering the following potential key advantages: 
 
 Availability and Access . Starting with T cells from a healthy donor, we believe that at scale we can manufacture approximately 100 doses of allogeneic product that could be used in any eligible patient. Because our allogeneic product candidates are designed to be frozen and available off-the-shelf, they could potentially be readily shipped and administered to patients. We believe having an inventory of off-the-shelf allogeneic T cell products can also facilitate delivering multiple product doses to a patient over time. 
 
 Speed to Patient . Many patients with aggressive cancer or rapidly progressing cancer that is refractory to existing therapies may not have multiple weeks to wait for autologous T cell treatment. Our allogeneic approach has the potential to create off-the-shelf product inventory, which could enable dosing of patients within days of a decision to treat. This would represent a significant reduction in patient wait time, potentially obviating the need for any bridging therapy and allowing the treatment of patients who are too sick to wait for the autologous therapy, and could improve patient outcomes. 
 
 Enhanced Cell Consistency and Potency . Our manufacturing process produces therapies from selected, screened and tested healthy donors. Healthy donor T cells are potentially superior for engineered cellular therapy as compared to T cells from patients who have undergone prior chemotherapy or hematopoietic stem-cell transplant, which can damage or weaken T cells. In addition, greater consistency of the product may yield more predictable treatment outcomes. 
 
 Streamlined Manufacturing and Cost Efficiencies . We are building an efficient and scalable manufacturing process and organization. The allogeneic approach utilizes healthy donor T cells which we believe provides enhanced scalability, reduces costs of engineered T cell therapy and reduces costs to the healthcare system as our allogeneic approach does not require us to collect and track T cells from each individual patient. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Manufacturing Allogeneic T Cells 
 There are similarities as well as key differences between the processes for allogeneic and autologous T cell manufacturing, as illustrated in the figure below. 
 
 The three primary steps to creating our engineered allogeneic CAR T cells are: (1) collection and transduction, (2) gene editing, and (3) purification, formulation, and storage. 
 
 Step 1. Collection and Transduction 
 
 The starting material for our allogeneic T cell products is white blood cells from a healthy donor, which are collected using a standard blood bank procedure known as leukapheresis. The collected cells are then screened, tested, and shipped to a central processing facility, where the T cells are isolated and stored frozen, creating an inventory of starting healthy donor cells for manufacturing. 
 
 The manufacturing process starts by thawing frozen healthy donor T cells, which are then stimulated to proliferate and transduced with a viral vector to integrate the CAR sequence into the T cell genome. The CAR sequence directs the expression of CAR proteins on the cell surface that allows the transduced T cells to recognize and bind to a target molecule that is present on cancer cells. 
 
 We can concurrently add additional genes to these cells that confer specific properties. For example, we can add an off-switch by expressing proteins that can make T cells susceptible to certain drugs, such as anti-CD20 monoclonal antibodies, and enable us to deplete our engineered T cells if needed by administering such drugs to the patient. We can also introduce cytokine activation signaling within a CAR T cell that is designed to enhance the proliferative potential, migratory behavior, and killing activity of cells. We are investigating multiple constructs designed to mimic cytokine signaling selectively within CAR T cells, a technology platform that we call TurboCARs . We are also exploring the use of genetic engineering to control immune rejection of allogeneic CAR T cells, such as with an anti-CD70 CAR, which we call Dagger, to recognize and destroy allo-reactive host immune cells that would otherwise be capable of rejecting the allogeneic CAR T cells. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Step 2. Gene Editing 
 
 Next, we use Cellectis s electroporation and TALEN technologies for gene editing of T cells. TALENs are a class of DNA cutting enzymes derived by fusing the DNA-cutting domain of a nuclease to the DNA-binding domains from transcription activator-like effectors (TALE). The TALE DNA-binding domain can be tailored to specifically recognize a unique DNA sequence. These fusion proteins serve as readily targetable DNA scissors for genome engineering applications that can enable targeted genome modifications. 
 
 Electroporation allows TALEN mRNA to enter into the cell, where it is translated into a nuclease that can cut DNA and inactivate specific target genes. Inactivation of genes, such as TCR and CD52, is intended to reduce the risk of GvHD and allow the allogeneic T cells to expand and persist in patients. We believe the inactivation of other target genes can be incorporated into future product candidates, with the goal of enhancing T cell function, including increasing potency against solid tumors. 
 
 The figure below illustrates how we utilize Cellectis s TALEN and electroporation technology to inactivate the genes coding for TCR and CD52 in our allogeneic T cells for UCART19. 
 
 We believe the key benefits of TALEN technology are: 
 
 Precision . It is possible to design a TALEN that will cleave at any selected region in any gene, giving us the ability to achieve the desired genetic outcome with any gene. 
 
 Specificity and Selectivity . TALEN may be designed to limit its DNA cleavage to the desired sequence and to reduce the risk of cutting elsewhere in the genome. This parameter is essential, especially for therapeutic applications, because unwanted genomic modifications potentially could lead to harmful effects for the patient. In addition, gene editing requires only a transient presence of TALEN, thus preserving the integrity and functionality of the T cell s genome. 
 
 Efficiency . A large percentage of cells treated by the nuclease bear the desired genomic modification after treatment is completed. We believe the efficiency of TALEN editing helps to improve our manufacturing yields. 
 
 TCR knockout: Non-modified allogeneic T cells bear functional TCRs and, if injected into a patient, can potentially recognize the patient s tissue as foreign and damage it. This reaction, known as GvHD, is mediated by intact TCRs on allogeneic T cells. To reduce the risk of GvHD, all of our product candidates undergo the inactivation of a gene coding for 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 TCR , a key component of TCRs. The engineered T cells lacking functional TCRs are no longer capable of recognizing peptide antigens presented on major histocompatibility complex proteins and thus incapable of attacking the patient s normal tissue. This could mitigate the risk of GvHD that can occur when allogeneic TCR-positive T cells are infused into patients who are unrelated to the healthy donor, as shown in the figure below. 

CD52 knockout: The patient s immune system is expected to recognize allogeneic T cells as foreign and destroy or reject them. To delay this rejection, we use anti-CD52 antibody to deplete lymphocytes, including T cells, in patients. Anti-CD52 antibody recognizes CD52 protein expressed on many immune cells, including T cells. CD52 protein is expressed in both donor and patient immune cells. To selectively deplete a patient s immune cells while sparing the therapeutic allogeneic T cells, we use TALEN gene editing to inactivate the CD52 gene in allogeneic T cells, thus protecting allogeneic T cells from the anti-CD52 antibody mediated depletion. 
 
 As illustrated below, by administering anti-CD52 antibody prior to infusing our product candidates, we believe we can reduce the likelihood of a patient s immune system rejecting the engineered allogeneic T cells for a sufficient period of time to enable a window of persistence during which our engineered allogeneic T cells can expand and actively target and destroy cancer cells. We also believe our approach is unique and differentiated. To capitalize on this differentiation and to secure our own source of anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody, we are developing ALLO-647. We are currently assessing ALLO-647 in all of our clinical trials and are in the process of initiating a potentially pivotal Phase 2 trial for ALLO-647 as part of the lymphodepletion regimen for ALLO-501A. 

Step 3. Purification, Formulation, and Storage 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Once the allogeneic T cells have been engineered with CARs and gene edited to remove the genes encoding TCR and CD52, they are cultured for several days to increase the cell number and then harvested. The allogeneic cells then undergo a purification step to remove residual TCR positive cells that have not undergone TCR gene editing. We believe this purification step is essential as none of the currently available gene-editing nucleases is 100 efficient at inactivating the target genes. After overnight recovery, the cells are formulated in a cryopreservation media and filled into closed, stoppered vials prior to controlled-rate freezing and long-term storage in the vapor phase of liquid nitrogen. This inventory is securely stored and then shipped to oncology centers as needed. 
 
 The figure below illustrates the steps in a manufacturing run for our engineered allogeneic CAR T product candidates. 
 
 Product Pipeline and Development Strategy 
 
 Using our proprietary allogeneic T cell platform, we are researching and developing multiple product candidates for the treatment of blood cancers and solid tumors. Our product candidates are allogeneic T cells engineered to be used as off-the-shelf treatments for any patient with a particular cancer type. Each product candidate targets a selected antigen expressed on tumor cells and bears specific engineered attributes. 
 
 Our product pipeline is represented in the diagram below: 

1 Phase 3 may not be required if Phase 2 is registrational; 2 ALLO-647 is intended to enable expansion and persistence of allogeneic CAR T product candidates; 3 TurboCAR 
 14 

Table of Contents 

In October 2021, the FDA placed a hold on our clinical trials. The clinical hold followed our notification to the FDA of a chromosomal abnormality in an ALPHA2 study patient which was detected in a bone marrow biopsy undertaken to assess pancytopenia. Investigations concluded that the chromosomal abnormality was unrelated to TALEN gene editing or our manufacturing process and had no clinical significance. The investigation also determined that the abnormality was not detected in any of our manufactured product candidates or in any other patient treated with the same ALLO-501A lot. The abnormality occurred in the patient after the cell product was administered and involved regions of the T cell receptor and immunoglobulin genes known to undergo rearrangement as part of the T cell or B cell maturation process. The FDA found that we satisfactorily addressed all clinical hold issues and removed the hold in January 2022. We have resumed our studies as discussed in further detail below. 
 
 Anti-CD19 Development Program 
 
 CD19 is an antigen expressed on the surface of B cells, including on B cells that are malignant. B cells are considered non-essential tissue, as they are not required for patient survival. We believe CD19 is a validated target for the treatment of B cell leukemias and lymphomas. Multiple autologous anti-CD19 targeted CAR T therapies have shown promising results and have been approved by the FDA as therapies in multiple blood cancers, including R/R LBCL, as further described below under " Competition". 
 
 Our first anti-CD19 product candidate, UCART19, was advanced with Servier, who led manufacturing and clinical development. UCART19 was manufactured to express a CAR that is designed to target CD19 and gene edited to lack TCR and CD52 to minimize the risk of GvHD and enable a window of persistence in the patient. In addition, UCART19 cells were engineered to express a small protein on the cell surface called RQR8, which consists of two rituximab recognition domains. This allowed for recognition and elimination of cells in the event that silencing of CAR T cell activity is desired. 
 
 Servier sponsored two Phase 1 clinical trials of UCART19 in patients with R/R CD19 positive B-cell ALL, one for adult patients (the CALM trial) and one for pediatric patients (the PALL trial). The Servier-sponsored trials completed in 2020 and Servier determined that no new patients will be enrolled. Patients from both studies are continuing the long-term follow-up as planned. We are reviewing our development strategy for ALL as our data matures and as we assess potential next generation technology that may be used to enhance results in ALL. 
 
 ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A are our other allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates targeting CD19, which are also part of the Servier Agreement. We are responsible for the manufacture of ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A. We also lead the clinical development program and are sponsoring the ALPHA trial of ALLO-501 and ALPHA2 trial of ALLO-501A, each for patients with R/R NHL. 
 
 ALLO-501 is identical to UCART19 in molecular design, however several modifications have been introduced by us to the manufacturing process for ALLO-501. These modifications are designed to facilitate more efficient manufacturing scale-up for the larger patient population targeted by ALLO-501. Like UCART19, ALLO-501 also co-expresses a small protein on the cell surface called RQR8, which consists of two rituximab recognition domains. This allows for destruction of the CAR T by rituximab. 
 
 Prior treatment with rituximab is typical for patients with NHL and, depending on the lag time between the rituximab administration and planned ALLO-501 infusion, prior administration of rituximab may interfere with ALLO-501. As a result, we have removed RQR8 in the next generation of ALLO-501, known as ALLO-501A. We believe ALLO-501A will have the potential to facilitate treatment of patients who were recently treated with rituximab. 
 Lead Target Indication: Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL) 
 
 NHL is a hematologic cancer originating from malignant lymphocytes. It is the most common hematological malignancy in the United States, with 80,550 new cases estimated to be diagnosed and 20,180 deaths estimated in 2023, according to the American Cancer Society. Over 60 NHL subtypes have been identified, and each subtype represents different neoplastic lymphoid cells (T, B or NK cells) that have arrested at different stages of differentiation. According to the American Cancer Society, B-cell lymphomas make up approximately 85 of NHL cases in the United States. 
 
 B-cell NHL itself represents a group of different neoplasms that not only differ in pathology, but also response to therapy and prognosis. NHL can be rapidly growing (aggressive), such as large B-cell lymphomas, which include diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL), or it can be slow growing, or indolent, such as FL. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The R-CHOP chemotherapy combination (rituximab, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone) introduced in the early 2000s remains the standard of care for newly diagnosed DLBCL, and can yield five-year survival rates of 55-60 . Unfortunately, approximately 30 of DLBCL relapse and require second-line therapy. Subsequent therapy for fit patients is commonly high-dose therapy followed by autologous stem-cell therapy or autologous anti-CD19 CAR T therapy. Two recent randomized controlled trials evaluated anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapies, Yescarta and Breyanzi, compared to high dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell rescue. Yescarta and Breyanzi improved event-free-survival versus stem cell transplant (8.3 months vs. 2.0 months and 10.1 months vs. 2.3 months, respectively). Overall survival from these randomized trials is pending; however, a retrospective analysis of patients with R/R DLBCL, who were not treated with autologous CAR T therapy, found that outcomes in this population are poor, with an objective response rate of 26 (complete response (CR): 7 , partial response: 18 and median overall survival of 6.3 months. 
 
 Despite availability of multiple active agents, high response rates, and long progression-free survival with first-line therapy, FL remains an incurable disease. Most patients treated today eventually relapse, and subsequent responses and durations of responses become increasingly shorter. Ultimately, patients become resistant to chemo-immunotherapy, clinically defined as relapsed within 12 months. In these patients, the toxicity commonly outweighs the benefit of treatment with chemotherapy. 
 
 Autologous CAR T therapy has made significant advances in addressing R/R NHL, and has moved to earlier lines of therapy, as further described below under " Competition". 
 
 Results from the Phase 1 ALLO-501 ALPHA Trial and the Phase 1 ALLO-501A ALPHA2 Trial 
 
 On November 29, 2022, we, in collaboration with Servier, announced results from the Phase 1 ALPHA trial of ALLO-501 and from the Phase 1 ALPHA2 trial of ALLO-501A in R/R LBCL at our R D Showcase. We conducted an extensive Phase 1 program designed to evaluate and optimize all aspects of our lead product candidate, including the dose and schedule of ALLO-501A and ALLO-647. In addition, following a review of the Phase 1 program, we determined that our Alloy manufacturing process was associated with robust performance. Alloy is being deployed in the ongoing Phase 2 ALPHA2 trial. 
 
 A single infusion of CAR+ cells with a lymphodepletion regimen consisting of fludarabine (30 mg/m2/day x 3 days) and cyclophosphamide (300 mg/m2/day x 3 days) (standard flu/cy) plus 90 mg of ALLO-647 (Single Dose FCA90) was deemed preferable to two infusions of CAR+ cells (Consolidation Regimen). In the Consolidation Regimen, ALLO-647 dosing was split into 60 mg and 30 mg prior to the first and second infusion of CAR+ cells. This finding underscores the importance of optimizing lymphodepletion in allogeneic cell therapy. 
 
 Data from the Phase 1 trials of ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A support the ability of a single administration of CAR T cells to generate deep and durable responses. As of the October 25, 2022 data cutoff, 33 autologous CAR T na ve patients with r/r LBCL were treated with Alloy process material. Ninety-two percent (92 of all enrolled patients received investigational product with 100 of infused product manufactured and released as per product specifications. Patients were able to initiate treatment within two days of enrollment. 
 
 Responses in the ALPHA trials were overall durable. Of the nine patients treated with Alloy process material who achieved a complete response (CR) at six months, eight remained in remission with the longest CR ongoing at 26+ months as of the data cutoff. 
 
 Among 12 patients treated with the Single Dose FCA90 regimen, the overall response rate (ORR) was 67 and 58 achieved CRs. Among the eight patients in the Single Dose FCA90 cohort who had the opportunity to be followed for six months or more, four (50 were in CR at both six and 12 months. 
 
 Alloy Process All LBCL (n = 48) All Alloy (n=33) Consolidation Regimen (n=15) Single Dose FCA90 (n=12) Overall Response Rate (ORR), n ) 23 (48) 19 (58) 8 (53) 8 (67) Complete Response (CR), n ) 14 (29) 14 (42) 6 (40) 7 (58) 6 Month CR Rate, n ) 9 (23) 9 (31) 5 (33) 4 (50) 12 Month CR Rate, n ) 8 (21) 8 (28) 4 (27) 4 (50) 
 
 The ALPHA Phase 1 trials demonstrated a manageable safety profile. There were no observed dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) or graft-vs-host disease (GvHD). Among patients treated with Single Dose FCA90, there was no Grade 3+ cytokine 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 release syndrome (CRS) or neurotoxicity. One patient (8 experienced a Grade 3+ infection and two (17 experienced prolonged Grade 3+ cytopenia. As previously reported, one Grade 5 event occurred. No new Grade 5 events have occurred. 
 
 Alloy Process All LBCL (n=48) All Alloy (n=33) Consolidation Regimens (n=15) Single Dose (n=12) Adverse Events of Interest All Grs n ) Gr 3+ n ) All Grs n ) Gr 3+ n ) All Grs n ) Gr 3+ n ) All Grs n ) Gr 3+ n ) CRS 11 (23) 0 8 (24) 0 3 (20) 0 4 (33) 0 Neurotoxicity 15 (31) 3 (6) 12 (36) 2 (6) 6 (40) 2 (13) 4 (33) 0 ICANS 1 (2) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 GvHD 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Infection 25 (52) 9 (19) 19 (58) 5 (15) 8 (53) 3 (20) 8 (67) 1 (8) Prolonged Gr3+ cytopenia 9 (19) 4 (12) 2 (13) 2 (17) 
 
 Clinical Development Plan 
 
 The ALPHA trial is an open-label, Phase 1, single arm, multicenter clinical trial evaluating the safety and tolerability of ALLO-501 in adult patients with R/R LBCL, including DLBCL, or FL. We completed accrual in the ALPHA trial in 2021 and are following patients as part of long-term follow-up. 
 
 The ALPHA2 trial is an open-label, Phase 1/2, single arm, multicenter clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of ALLO-501A in adult patients with R/R large B-cell lymphoma, including DLBCL, or transformed FL. Cell kinetics and pharmacodynamics of ALLO-501A are evaluated as secondary and exploratory objectives, respectively. The Phase 1 portion of the ALPHA2 trial was designed to assess the safety and tolerability at increasing dose levels of ALLO-501A and consolidation of ALLO-501A dosing, in order to identify the recommended doses and schedule of ALLO-501A and the lymphodepletion regimen for use in the Phase 2 portion of the trial. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated the Phase 2 portion of the ALPHA2 trial in patients with R/R LBCL. The single-arm Phase 2 ALPHA2 trial is utilizing a single dose of ALLO-501A (120 million CAR+ cells) with the FCA90 lymphodepletion regimen. The ALPHA2 trial will enroll approximately 100 patients who have received at least two prior lines of therapy and have not received prior anti-CD19 therapy. The primary endpoint of this trial is ORR, and the key secondary endpoint is duration of response. We expect to complete enrollment in the trial in the first half of 2024. We are also preparing a Phase 3 trial of ALLO-501A in an earlier line of therapy for LBCL, which we expect to initiate in the first half of 2024. 
 
 We are also advancing the EXPAND trial of ALLO-647, which is expected to enroll approximately 70 patients with R/R LBCL and is intended to demonstrate the overall contribution of ALLO-647 to the benefit to risk ratio of the lymphodepletion regimen for ALLO-501A. Patients will be randomized to receive the same single 120 million CAR+ cell dose of ALLO-501A as in the ALPHA2 trial and either lymphodepletion with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (control arm) or the lymphodepletion regimen of the ALPHA2 trial, inclusive of ALLO-647 (active arm). We expect the EXPAND trial to open to enrollment early in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Assuming favorable outcomes and subject to FDA discussions, we plan to seek FDA approval of ALLO-501A and ALLO-647 on the basis of the ALPHA2 trial and the EXPAND companion trial. 
 
 Anti-BCMA Development Program 
 
 BCMA is a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor family and is selectively expressed on immunoglobulin-producing plasma cells, including malignant plasma cells (myeloma cells). We believe BCMA is an appropriate target for the treatment of multiple myeloma. Autologous anti-BCMA targeted CAR T therapies have shown promising results in clinical trials and have been approved by the FDA for adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma, as further described below under " Competition". 
 
 ALLO-715 is our first anti-BCMA allogeneic CAR T cell product candidate assessed in the clinic. ALLO-715 is manufactured to express a CAR that is designed to target BCMA and gene edited to lack TCR and CD52 to minimize the risk of GvHD and enable a window of persistence in the patient when dosed in combination with ALLO-647. In addition, rituximab 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 recognition domains, as an off-switch, have been incorporated in between the scFv and the linker domain. We are conducting a Phase 1 clinical trial (the UNIVERSAL trial) of ALLO-715 in adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma. 
 
 Our next-generation version of ALLO-715, known as ALLO-605, incorporates our TurboCAR technology to allow cytokine signaling to be engineered selectively into CAR T cells. TurboCARs have shown the ability to improve the potency and persistence of the CAR T cells and to delay exhaustion of the CAR T cells in preclinical models. ALLO-605 uses a constitutive cytokine signaling domain and a rituximab-mediated off-switch, as illustrated below. We initiated the Phase 1 clinical trial (the IGNITE trial) of ALLO-605 in mid-2021. 

Target Indication: Multiple Myeloma 
 
 Multiple myeloma is a hematological malignancy that is characterized by uncontrolled expansion of bone marrow plasma cells. There will be an estimated 35,730 new cases of multiple myeloma and 12,590 deaths from multiple myeloma in 2023 in the United States according to the American Cancer Society. Multiple myeloma predominantly affects the elderly, with 14 times more patients diagnosed at age 65 and over than those diagnosed under the age of 65. 
 
 For patients under the age of 70 with no comorbidities, autologous stem cell therapy is the preferred option to provide a durable response. For transplant ineligible patients, immunomodulatory drugs (Revlimid, Pomalyst, Thalomid) and proteasome inhibitors (Velcade, Kyrprolis, Ninlaro), often used in combination with one another, have displaced older cytotoxic agents as the mainstay of treatment. More recently, several new drugs with novel mechanisms (Darzalex, Empliciti, Farydak, Xpovio) have been approved for multiple myeloma, however none of these novel treatments is considered as curative. 
 
 Despite the introduction of newer therapies, a majority of patients are expected to relapse and the unmet need in patients with R/R myeloma remains high. In patients who have developed progressive disease following exposure to all five classes of non-cytotoxic therapies, options are limited. Cytotoxic chemotherapy-containing regimens are reserved for fit patients, are given as continuous infusions and are associated with significant toxicity and generally limited efficacy. The single agent selexinor (Xpovio) has been studied as a single agent in patients with disease refractory to all five classes of novel agents and is associated with an ORR of 26 , a median duration of response of 4.4 months and toxicity that required discontinuation of treatment in 18 of patients. Trials of anti-BCMA therapies including bispecific antibodies and autologous CAR T cell therapies have shown significant promise in multiple myeloma with reported CR rates that are substantially higher in patients with R/R myeloma. There are two autologous CAR T cell therapies and one bispecific antibody currently commercially available. 
 Results from the Phase 1 ALLO-715 UNIVERSAL Trial 
 
 On November 29, 2022, we announced results from the Phase 1 UNIVERSAL trial of ALLO-715 in patients with R/R multiple myeloma. Dose expansion cohorts comprised of a single dose of ALLO-715 (320 million CAR+ cells) and either FCA39 lymphodepletion (standard flu/cy plus 39 mg of ALLO-647) or FCA60 lymphodepletion (standard flu/cy plus 60 mg of ALLO-647) demonstrated substantial and durable responses. Importantly, 92 of all enrolled patients received investigational 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 product with 100 of infused product manufactured and released as per product specifications. Patients were able to initiate treatment within five days of enrollment and no bridging therapy was required. 
 
 Through a median follow-up of 14.8 months as of the October 11, 2022 data cutoff, the ORR was 67 in the FCA60 cohort and the very good partial response or better rate (VGPR+) was 42 . All VGPR+ were minimal residual disease (MRD) negative. The median duration of response was 9.2 months, with the longest ongoing response at 24 months. 
 
 Expansion Cohorts LD Regimen Total (n=23 FCA39 (n=11) FCA60 (n=12) ORR , n ) 15 (65) 7 (64) 8 (67) VGPR+ rate, n ) 11(48) 6 (54) 5 (42) CR/sCR rate, n ) 5 (22) 3 (27) 2 (17) Median DOR 8.3 8.3 9.2 
 Five patients with best responses ranging from stable disease to partial response were not included due to limited follow-up. 
 
 Safety profile was manageable with low-grade and reversible neurotoxicity and no GvHD. In the expansion cohorts, there was low use of tocilizumab (32 and steroids (25 ). Eight patients (29 experienced Grade 3+ infections and prolonged Grade 3+ cytopenias. As previously reported, one Grade 5 event occurred in the expansion cohorts and no new Grade 5 events have occurred. 
 
 Expansion Cohorts (N=28) Adverse Events of Interest All Grades n ) Grade 3+ n ) CRS 19 (68) 1 (4) Neurotoxicity 17 (61) 0 ICANS 1 (4) 0 GvHD 0 0 Infection 19 (68) 8 (29) Prolonged Gr3+ Cytopenia 8 (29) 
 Clinical Development Plan 
 
 The UNIVERSAL and IGNITE trials are open-label, Phase 1, single-arm, multicenter clinical trials evaluating the safety and tolerability of ALLO-715 and ALLO-605, respectively, in adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma. The safety of ALLO-647, cell kinetics, pharmacodynamics, and efficacy are evaluated as secondary objectives. In the first half of 2021, the UNIVERSAL trial initiated the evaluation of ALLO-715 in combination with nirogacestat. We dosed an initial set of patients in the combination cohort and made the decision not to advance ALLO-715 in combination with nirogascestat into dose expansion cohorts. We are currently reviewing and optimizing the manufacturing process for our BCMA program in order to improve and obtain more consistent clinical results and are not enrolling patients in the UNIVERSAL and IGNITE trials at this time. 

Anti-CD70 Development Program 
 
 CD70 is an antigen selectively expressed on several types of cancer cells, with strong expression in ccRCC and limited off-tumor expression. CD70 is selectively expressed in a portion of other solid tumors and blood cancers. While CD70 can be expressed on activated T cells, ALLO-316 was associated with minimal or no fratricide in preclinical studies, meaning that ALLO-316 cells did not mediate the targeted killing of other ALLO-316 cells. Accordingly, we believe progressing allogeneic CAR T cell therapies directed against CD70 could be promising in solid tumor indications as well as hematological malignancies. 
 
 ALLO-316 is manufactured to express a CAR that is designed to target CD70 and gene edited to lack TCR and CD52 to minimize the risk of GvHD and enable a window of persistence in the patient when dosed in combination with ALLO-647. In addition, rituximab and CD34 recognition domains have been incorporated in between the scFv and the linker domain, as 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 illustrated below. The rituximab recognition domains allow elimination of cells with rituximab in the event that silencing of CAR T cell activity is desired. The CD34 domain confers recognition by an anti-CD34 antibody, and may be used as a surface marker to monitor ALLO-316 in patients by flow cytometry. 

In the first half of 2021, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial (the TRAVERSE trial) of ALLO-316 in adult patients with advanced or metastatic ccRCC. 
 
 Lead Target Indication: Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma 
 
 ccRCC is the most common subtype of renal cancer. Approximately 81,800 new cases of renal cell carcinoma are estimated to be diagnosed in the United States and 14,890 deaths are estimated in 2023, according to the American Cancer Society. The five-year survival rate for patients with advanced kidney cancer is less than 15 . 
 
 Systemic therapy (including immunotherapy and molecularly targeted agents), surgery, and radiation therapy all may have a role in the treatment paradigm depending on the extent of disease, sites of involvement, and patient-specific factors. While vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-directed therapies (e.g. sunitinib) represented a first-line standard for over a decade, these therapies have been quickly supplanted by combination therapies incorporating PD-1 immune-checkpoint inhibition as the backbone. 
 
 The combination of VEGF and immune check-point inhibitors, such as axitinib and pembrolizumab, is often used in the first line setting and has shown a median progression-free survival of 15.1 months with an ORR of 59.3 and CR rate of 5.8 . Patients who progress on immune checkpoint-based combination therapies can be treated with agents including cabozantinib, Lenvatinib with everolimus or other therapies. 
 Results from the Phase 1 ALLO-316 TRAVERSE Trial 
 On November 29, 2022, we announced preliminary results from the Phase 1 TRAVERSE trial of ALLO-316 in patients with advanced or metastatic RCC who have progressed on or intolerant to standard therapies, including an immune checkpoint inhibitor and a VEGF-targeting therapy. Initial data from this trial has demonstrated the promise of an allogeneic CAR T product candidate to treat CD70 expressing RCC with ALLO-316 inducing anti-tumor activity. Observed anti-tumor activity was largely confined to patients with CD70 expressing tumors. 
 
 As of the data extract date of November 17, 2022, in the nine patients with tumors known to express CD70, the disease control rate (DCR) was 100 including three patients who achieved a partial response (PR) (two confirmed and one unconfirmed, with the longest response lasting until month eight). Cell expansion in patients with CD70 positive disease was robust and there was a trend toward greater tumor shrinkage in patients with high CD70 expression. 
 
 All Patients (n=17) CD70+ Patients (n=9) ORR, n ) 3 (18) 3 (33) DCR, n ) 14 (82) 9 (100) PR, n ) 3 (18) 3 (33) 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ALLO-316 has demonstrated a generally manageable safety profile with no GvHD. One dose limiting toxicity of auto-immune hepatitis occurred in the second dose level. Grade 3+ prolonged cytopenia was observed in three patients (18 ). CRS was all low grade with the exception of one case of Grade 3 CRS. Neurotoxicity was low grade, reversible and seen in three patients (18 ). No grade 5 events have occurred. 
 
 All Patients (n=17) All Grades n ) Gr 3+ n ) CRS 11 (65) 1 (6) Neurotoxicity 3 (18) 0 ICANS 0 0 GvHD 0 0 Infection 9 (53) 5 (30) Prolonged Gr3+ Cytopenia 3 (18) 
 Clinical Development Plan 
 
 The TRAVERSE trial is an open-label, Phase 1, single arm, multicenter clinical trial evaluating the safety and tolerability of ALLO-316 in adult patients with advanced or metastatic ccRCC. Anti-tumor activity, cell kinetics, pharmacodynamics, and correlation of outcome with tumor CD70 expression are evaluated as secondary objectives. 
 
 We have developed an investigational in vitro companion diagnostic (IVD) assay designed for use in determining CD70 expression levels for patient selection in TRAVERSE. The trial is now deploying the IVD assay for the purposes of identifying patients most likely to benefit from ALLO-316. TRAVERSE will continue to explore varying cell dose and lymphodepletion regimens, including FC and FCA in CD70 positive RCC patients. 
 
 Subject to ongoing results in the TRAVERSE trial, we intend to complete planned dose exploration and initiate expansion cohort enrollment in 2023. We may also investigate ALLO-316 for other CD70 expressing solid tumors and hematologic indications or in combination with other anticancer therapies such as immune checkpoint inhibitors. 
 Future Opportunities 
 
 Moving forward, we plan to utilize our allogeneic platform to pursue additional targets of interest. These include the additional targets currently in our pipeline as well as other targets that might be validated in the future. For example, we are developing allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates targeting FLT3 for the treatment of AML (ALLO-819), DLL3 for the treatment of small cell lung cancer and Claudin 18.2 for the treatment of gastric and pancreatic cancer. We also plan to investigate the potential to enhance our platform using next-generation technologies such as TurboCARs, renewable cell sources, site-specific integration, multi-specific CARs and other technology related to enhancing specificity and avoiding immune rejection. 
 
 Next-generation anti-rejection technology: We are investigating additional ways, beyond our existing anti-CD52 antibody technology, to prevent premature patient immune rejection of our allogeneic CAR T cells. We are exploring ways to engineer allogeneic CAR T cells to escape detection from the patient immune system, such as through our research collaboration with Antion Biosciences SA (Antion). We are also exploring engineering allogeneic CAR T cells with mechanisms to attack certain patient immune cells that would otherwise lead to rejection. For instance, based on initial data from the TRAVERSE trial that showed high CAR T cell expansion in patients, we are exploring utilizing an anti-CD70 CAR, which we call Dagger, to recognize and destroy allo-reactive host immune cells that would otherwise be capable of rejecting the allogeneic CAR T cells, which could provide enhanced persistence of the allogeneic CAR T cells. 
 
 TurboCARs . We are investigating multiple constructs designed to mimic cytokine signaling selectively within CAR T cells, a technology platform that we call TurboCARs . Mimicking cytokine signaling within a CAR T cell could enhance the proliferative potential, migratory behavior, activation status and killing activity of cells. Such modulation may enhance the anti-tumor activity and durability of CAR T cells without affecting non-engineered immune cells. We 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 believe TurboCARs may also allow for reduced CAR T cell dose requirements and greater impact in overcoming exhaustion in solid tumor environments. 
 
 Renewable Cell Source. In November 2019, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement (the Notch Collaboration Agreement) with Notch Therapeutics Inc. (Notch), pursuant to which Notch has granted to us an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing, license to certain Notch intellectual property to develop and commercialize gene-edited T cell and/or natural killer cell products from induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) directed at certain CAR targets for initial application in NHL, ALL and multiple myeloma. We believe iPSCs may provide renewable starting material for our allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates that could allow for improved efficiency of gene editing, greater scalability of supply, product homogeneity and more streamlined manufacturing. 
 
 Site-Specific Integration . Using a combination of gene-editing technology and homologous recombination technology we can potentially integrate the CAR expressing DNA into specific target genes within the T cell DNA. Such site-specific integration may allow the CAR or other transgenes to be introduced into T cells in a more homogeneous manner, allowing a more uniform and controlled expression of the proteins, with the goal of generating CAR T cell products that behave in a more consistent and predictable manner. It may also allow longer sequences of DNA to be inserted into the T cell, allowing for the expression of genes that would not otherwise be feasible with viral based gene insertion. 
 
 Multi-specific CARs. We are investigating the utility of a single cell product targeting multiple antigens. This may be accomplished by including two antigen binding domains with different specificity in a single polypeptide encoding the CAR or in two separate polypeptides each encoding a CAR with different antigen specificity. 
 
 Increasing tumor specificity of targets: We are investigating technology to localize activity of an allogeneic CAR T cell to the tumor microenvironment in an effort to extend specificity and therefore safety of CAR T cells. We believe this approach may be particularly promising for solid tumor targets that are also expressed on normal tissues. 
 
 In addition, we continually survey the scientific and industry landscape for opportunities to license, partner or acquire technologies that may help us advance current or new T cell therapies for the benefit of patients. 
 Our Manufacturing Strategy 
 
 We have invested resources to optimize our manufacturing process, including the development of improved analytical methods and instrumentation. We plan to continue to invest in process science, product characterization and manufacturing to continuously improve our manufacturing processes, production and supply chain capabilities over time. 
 
 Our product candidates are designed and manufactured via a platform comprised of defined unit operations and technologies. The process is gradually developed from small to larger scales, incorporating compliant procedures to create cGMP conditions. Although we have a platform-based manufacturing model, each product is unique and for each new product candidate, a developmental phase is necessary to individually customize each engineering step and to create a robust procedure that can later be implemented in a cGMP environment to ensure the production of clinical batches. This work is performed in our research and development environment to evaluate and assess variability in each step of the process in order to define the most reliable production conditions. 
 
 Our cell-based product candidates are currently manufactured in the United States by a CMO, and we manage all other aspects of the supply, including planning, CMO oversight, disposition and distribution logistics. The CMO that is manufacturing our clinical supply is subject to cGMP requirements, using qualified equipment and materials. We also utilize separate third party contractors to manufacture cGMP raw materials that are used for the manufacturing of our product candidates, such as viral vectors that are used to deliver the applicable CAR gene into the T cells. We believe all materials and components utilized in the production of the cell line, viral vector and final T cell product are available from qualified suppliers and suitable for pivotal process development in readiness for registration and commercialization. 
 
 In addition, in February 2019, we entered into a lease for approximately 118,000 square feet to develop a state-of-the-art cell therapy manufacturing facility in Newark, California that we call Cell Forge 1 (CF1). We are phasing the build-out of CF1, and completed the build-out of the majority of the facility at the end of 2020. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We initiated cGMP manufacturing of ALLO-501A in 2021 at CF1 that did not utilize the Alloy process. After a review of the Phase 1 program and data in 2022, we determined that the Alloy manufacturing process associated with robust clinical performance. We are currently manufacturing ALLO-501A using the Alloy process at our CMO. We are currently assessing the product candidates for manufacturing at CF1. Introducing product manufactured at CF1 into an ongoing clinical trial will require that we meet certain regulatory conditions, such as establishing comparability with the product candidates manufactured at our CMO, and our inability to meet such conditions would result in investment of additional resources and delay of our clinical trial timeline. 
 
 We expect to continue to rely on our CMO and may rely on CMOs and other third parties for the manufacturing and processing of our product candidates in the future. We also utilize a CMO in the United States for the manufacture and supply of ALLO-647 and we plan to continue to rely on the CMO for future production of ALLO-647. We believe the use of contract manufacturing and testing for our first clinical product candidates has allowed us to rapidly prepare for clinical trials in accordance with our development plans. We expect third-party manufacturers will be capable of providing and processing sufficient quantities of our product candidates to meet anticipated clinical trial demands. 
 
 We plan to create a robust supply chain with redundant sources of supply comprised of both internal and external infrastructure. 
 
 Strategic Agreements 
 
 On December 14, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement with Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited, a joint venture established by us and Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc., pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and commercializing allogeneic CAR T cell therapies for patients in greater China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore. 
 We have also entered into multiple additional strategic agreements and collaborations, including an Asset Contribution Agreement with Pfizer (the Pfizer Agreement), a License Agreement with Cellectis (the Cellectis Agreement), the Servier Agreement, the Notch Collaboration Agreement, and a License and Collaboration Agreement with Antion. 
 For additional information regarding our significant agreements, see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, as well as novel discoveries, product development technologies, and know-how. Our commercial success also depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to develop and maintain protection of our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing or in-licensing U.S. and foreign patents and applications related to our technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. 
 
 We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, confidentiality agreements, and invention assignment agreements to develop and maintain our proprietary position. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and the invention assignment agreements are designed to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed for us by our employees, consultants, or other third parties. We seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in our agreements and security measures, either may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or independently discovered by competitors. 
 
 With respect to both licensed and company-owned intellectual property, we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our commercial products and methods of using and manufacturing the same. 
 
 We are actively building our intellectual property portfolio around our product candidates and our discovery programs, based on our own intellectual property as well as licensed intellectual property. Following the execution of the Pfizer Agreement, we are the owner of, co-owner of, or the licensee of multiple patents and patent applications in the United States and worldwide. These licensed assets include rights to the Cellectis TALEN gene-editing technology to engineer T cells that lack functional TCRs and to inactivate the CD52 gene in donor cells. We have exclusive worldwide rights to these patents for 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 certain antigen targets, including BCMA, CD70, FLT3, DLL3 and Claudin 18.2, and have U.S. rights to these patents for CD19. We also have rights to a Cellectis U.S. patent for technology covering an engineered T cell therapy combining CD52 gene knockout in combination with an anti-CD52 antibody for certain products directed against certain antigen targets. For our lead programs, our patent rights are generally composed of patents and pending patent applications that are solely owned by us, co-owned with Servier, co-owned with Cellectis, exclusively licensed from Pfizer, exclusively licensed from Servier, or exclusively licensed from Cellectis. 
 
 Our patent portfolio includes protection for our clinical-stage product candidates, ALLO-501, ALLO-501A, ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316, as well as our research-stage candidates. With respect to ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A, we have an exclusive license from Servier to patent rights in the United States covering compositions of matter of and methods of making and using ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A. With respect to ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316, we have an exclusive license from Pfizer to patent rights covering ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316 in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. These rights cover compositions of matter of and methods of making and using ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316. We also have patent rights to the TurboCAR technology solely owned by us, including technology that covers the TurboCAR construct that is part of ALLO-605. More generally, our patent portfolio and filing strategy is designed to provide multiple layers of protection by pursuing claims directed toward: (1) antigen binding domains directed to the targets of our product candidates; (2) CAR constructs used in our product candidates; (3) methods of treatment for therapeutic indications; (4) manufacturing processes, preconditioning methods, and dosing regimens; and (5) immune evasion and other gene and cell engineering technology. 
 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term, generally, is 20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional application to which priority is claimed. In the United States, patent term may be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office in granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier-filed patent. In the United States, the term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for a patent term extension of up to five years under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which is designed to compensate for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The length of the patent term extension involves a complex calculation based on the length of time it takes for regulatory review. A patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Moreover, a patent can only be extended once, and thus, if a single patent is applicable to multiple products, it can only be extended based on one product. Similar provisions are available in Europe and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. 
 Competition 
 
 Oncology is a highly competitive market for drug development. If successfully developed, our products will compete with therapies that have been developed or are in development at biopharmaceutical companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. We anticipate increasing competition from existing and new cell-based therapies, including products that are both autologous and allogeneic in nature. We also anticipate competition from other therapeutic modalities, including antibodies, bispecific T cell engagers, antibody drug conjugates, and small molecule therapeutics. 
 
 Autologous T cell therapies directed at CD19 have been commercialized by Novartis, Kite/Gilead and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS) and are witnessing increased adoption in the marketplace. In August 2017, Novartis obtained FDA approval to commercialize Kymriah for the treatment of children and young adults with B-cell ALL that is refractory or has relapsed at least twice. In May 2018, Kymriah received FDA approval for adults with certain types of LBCL who have not responded to, or who have relapsed after, at least two other types of systemic treatment (3 rd -line LBCL). In October 2017, Kite/Gilead obtained FDA approval to commercialize Yescarta, for the treatment of adult patients with 3 rd -line LBCL. This was followed by approval of Yescarta for R/R FL in March 2021 and approval of 2 nd -line LBCL in April 2022. Kite has also received FDA approval for a second autologous CD19-directed T cell therapy, Tecartus, for use in patients with R/R mantle cell lymphoma and adult patients with R/R B-cell ALL. In February 2021, BMS obtained FDA approval for its anti-CD19 autologous T cell therapy, Breyanzi for the treatment of adults with 3 rd -line LBCL. Breyanzi s label was extended to 2 nd -line LBCL in June 2022. 
 
 Autologous cell therapies directed at BCMA have been commercialized by BMS and Jannsen, a Johnson Johnson company. In March 2021, BMS and partner 2seventy bio, Inc. received FDA approval of Abecma, an anti-BCMA autologous T cell therapy, for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least four prior therapies. Jannsen and partner Legend Bio received approval for Carvykti, an anti-BCMA autologous T cell therapy, for the same indication in 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 February 2022. Both Abecma and Carvykti have succeeded in pivotal trials in earlier lines of R/R myeloma and are expected to gain label extensions into this market. 
 
 Autologous T cell therapies are being developed by a number of additional companies, including but not limited to 2seventy bio, Inc., Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC, Alaunos Therapeutics, Inc., Arcellx, Inc., Arsenal Biosciences, Inc., Autolus Therapeutics plc, Eureka Therapeutics, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc., Gracell Biotechnologies, Inc., ImmPACT Bio, USA Inc., Instil Bio, Inc., Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc., Legend Biotech Corp., Mustang Bio, Inc., Novartis International AG, Pact Pharma, Inc., TCR Therapeutics Inc., Tessa Therapeutics, Ltd., Triumvira Immunologics, and TScan Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Allogeneic T cell therapies have yet to receive FDA approval though the number of companies developing allogeneic product candidates is substantial. These include ArsenalBio, AstraZeneca, plc, Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Beam Therapeutics, Inc., Caribou Biosciences, Inc., CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Editas Medicine, Inc., Fate Therapeutics, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc., Gracell Biotechnologies Inc., Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., Legend Biotech Corp., Poseida Therapeutics, Inc., Precision Biosciences, Inc., Sana Biotechnology, Inc., and Tessa Therapeutics Ltd. Some of the allogeneic T cell candidates under development target the same antigens that are part of our clinical pipeline, such as CD19, BCMA and CD70. Additionally, Cellectis has several fully-owned allogeneic CAR programs that could compete with programs that fall outside our agreement with Cellectis. 
 
 There are also cell therapies under development that are based upon cell types other than the common type of T cells used by us and known as alpha/beta T cells. These include product candidates derived from natural killer cells, natural killer T cells, gamma/delta T cells and macrophage cells. Companies developing such therapies include Adicet Bio, Inc., Artiva Biotherapeutics, Inc., Carisma Therapeutics, Inc., Cytovia Therapeutics, Inc., Fortress Biotech, Inc., Celularity, Inc., Century Therapeutics, Inc., Gamida Cell Ltd., Fate Therapeutics, Inc., In8bio, Inc., Kuur Therapeutics Inc., Lyell Immunopharma, Inc., Nkarta, Inc., Shoreline Bio, Inc., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. 
 
 Competition may also arise from non-cell based immune oncology platforms. For instance, we may experience competition from companies, such as AbbVie, Inc., Amgen Inc., BMS, Compass Therapeutics, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genmab A/S, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Harpoon Therapeutics, Inc., Immunocore Holdings plc, Johnson Johnson, MacroGenics, Inc., Merus N.V., Pfizer, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Xencor Inc., that are pursuing bispecific T cell engagers that target both the cancer antigen and T cell receptor, thus bringing both cancer cells and T cells in close proximity to maximize the likelihood of an immune response to the cancer cells. Multiple bi-specific T cell engagers targeting BCMA for myeloma and CD20 for lymphoma are advancing rapidly in development and the first products in each category gained FDA approval in 2022. Additionally, companies, such as ADC Therapeutics SA, Amgen Inc., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, Gilead Sciences, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, ImmunoGen, Inc., Seattle Genetics, Inc., Silverback Therapeutics, Inc., and Sutro Biopharma, Inc. are pursuing antibody drug conjugates, which utilize the targeting ability of antibodies to deliver cell-killing agents directly to cancer cells. 
 
 Many of our competitors, either alone or with their collaboration partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, manufacturing, and marketing than we do. Future collaborations and mergers and acquisitions may result in further resource concentration among a smaller number of competitors. 
 
 Our commercial potential could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are better tolerated, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market or make our development more complicated. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our programs are likely to be efficacy, safety, convenience, and cost of manufacturing. 
 
 These competitors may also vie for a similar pool of qualified scientific and management talent, sites and patient populations for clinical trials, and investor capital, as well as for technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 Government Regulation and Product Approval 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 As a biopharmaceutical company that operates in the United States, we are subject to extensive regulation. Our cell products will be regulated as biologics. With this classification, commercial production of our products will need to occur in registered facilities in compliance with cGMP for biologics. The FDA categorizes human cell- or tissue-based products as either minimally manipulated or more than minimally manipulated, and has determined that more than minimally manipulated products require clinical trials to demonstrate product safety and efficacy and the submission of a BLA for marketing authorization. Our products are considered more than minimally manipulated and will require evaluation in clinical trials and the submission and approval of a BLA before we can market them. 
 
 Government authorities in the United States (at the federal, state and local level) and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of biopharmaceutical products such as those we are developing. Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the United States and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before they may be legally marketed in foreign countries. Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the United States, although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in Europe are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. The process for obtaining regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 
 U.S. Product Development Process 
 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical and biological products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) and their implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include, among other actions, refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. We have been placed on clinical hold previously and any future agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a biological product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 
 completion of nonclinical laboratory tests and animal studies according to good laboratory practices (GLPs) and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or other applicable regulations; 
 submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 
 approval by an independent Institutional Review Board (IRB) or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA s regulations commonly referred to as good clinical practices (GCPs) and any additional requirements for the protection of human research patients and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed biological product for its intended use; 
 submission to the FDA of a BLA for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity, and potency from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials, and which is validated as complete for review by the FDA; 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biological product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s identity, strength, quality and purity and, if applicable, the FDA s current good tissue practices (GTPs) for the use of human cellular and tissue products; 
 potential FDA audit of the nonclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; and 
 FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the BLA. 
 
 Before testing any biological product candidate, including our product candidates, in humans, the product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests, also referred to as nonclinical studies, include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLPs. The clinical trial sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical trials and places the trial on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a biological product candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, trials may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such trials. 
 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the biological product candidate to patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA s regulations comprising the GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research patients provide informed consent. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent IRB at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Certain clinical trials involving human gene transfer research also must be overseen by an Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC), a standing committee to provide peer review of the safety of research plans, procedures, personnel training and environmental risks of work involving recombinant DNA molecules. IBCs are typically assigned certain review responsibilities relating to the use of recombinant DNA molecules, including reviewing potential environmental risks, assessing containment levels, and evaluating the adequacy of facilities, personnel training, and compliance with the National Institutes of Health Guidelines. We may also engage an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, to provide authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. 
 
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 
 Phase 1. The biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. 
 Phase 2. The biological product is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. 
 Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, potency, and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk to benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. 
 
 Long term follow up for all patients who get marketed product and post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be required after initial marketing approval. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA, and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events, any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human patients, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk, including risks inferred from other unrelated immunotherapy trials. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biological product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Concurrently with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biological product as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents with use of biological products, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biological product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 
 U.S. Review and Approval Processes 
 
 After the completion of clinical trials of a biological product, FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the biological product. The BLA submission must include results of product development, laboratory and animal studies, human trials, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept the BLA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 
 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), as amended, each BLA must be accompanied by a significant user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. PDUFA also imposes an annual program fee for biological products. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 
 Within 60 or 74 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the BLA. The FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, potent, and/or effective for its intended use, and has an acceptable purity profile, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel biological products or biological products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the biological product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) is necessary to assure the safe use of the biological product. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a medicine and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve a BLA without a REMS, if required. 
 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. For immunotherapy products, the FDA also will not approve the product if the manufacturer is not in compliance with the GTPs, to the extent applicable. These are FDA regulations and guidance documents that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of human cells, tissue, and cellular and tissue based products (HCT/Ps), which are human cells or tissue intended for implantation, transplant, infusion, or transfer into a human recipient. The primary intent of the GTP requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue based products are manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, transmission and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also require tissue establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through screening and testing. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure that the clinical trials were conducted in compliance with IND trial requirements and GCP requirements. To assure cGMP, GTP and GCP compliance, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production, and quality control. 
 
 Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. If the agency decides not to approve the BLA in its 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 present form, the FDA will issue a complete response letter that describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. 
 
 If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a risk management plan, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may require post marketing clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, designed to further assess a biological product s safety and effectiveness, and testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. 
 
 In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. 
 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. 
 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA application user fee. 
 
 A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 
 The FDA granted orphan drug designation to ALLO-715 and ALLO-605 for the treatment of multiple myeloma. 
 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 
 The FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new products are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Unique to a fast track product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. 
 
 Any product, submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with a fast track designation, may also be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biological product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 
 
 Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation was established by FDA to facilitate an efficient development program for, and expedite review of, any drug that meets the following criteria: (1) it qualifies as a RMAT, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (2) it is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (3) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. RMAT designation provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate and eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of sites, including through expansion to additional sites. Once approved, when appropriate, the FDA can permit fulfillment of post-approval requirements under accelerated approval through the submission of clinical evidence, clinical studies, patient registries, or other sources of real world evidence such as electronic health records; through the collection of larger confirmatory datasets; or through post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with the therapy prior to approval. 
 
 Breakthrough therapy designation is also intended to expedite the development and review of products that treat serious or life-threatening conditions. The designation by FDA requires preliminary clinical evidence that a product candidate, alone or in combination with other drugs and biologics, demonstrates substantial improvement over currently available therapy on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough therapy designation comes with all of the benefits of fast track designation, which means that the sponsor may file sections of the BLA for review on a rolling basis if certain conditions are satisfied, including an agreement with FDA on the proposed schedule for submission of portions of the application and the payment of applicable user fees before the FDA may initiate a review. 
 
 Fast Track designation, priority review, RMAT and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 We have received RMAT designation for ALLO-715 and ALLO-501A and fast track designation for ALLO-605 and ALLO-316. 
 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 
 Any products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved uses (known as off-label use ), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although a physician may prescribe a legally available product for an off-label use, if the physician deems such product to be appropriate in his/her professional medical judgment, a manufacturer may not market or promote off-label uses. However, it is permissible to share in certain circumstances truthful and not misleading information that is consistent with the product s approved labeling. 
 
 In addition, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval to ensure the long-term stability of the product. cGMP regulations require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including, among other things, recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. 
 
 The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development. 
 
 U.S. Marketing Exclusivity 
 
 The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA) amended the PHSA to authorize the FDA to approve similar versions of innovative biologics, commonly known as biosimilars. A competitor seeking approval of a biosimilar must file an application to establish its molecule as highly similar to an approved innovator biologic, among other requirements. The BPCIA, however, bars the FDA from approving biosimilar applications for 12 years after an innovator biological product receives initial marketing approval. This 12-year period of data exclusivity may be extended by six months, for a total of 12.5 years, if the FDA requests that the innovator company conduct pediatric clinical investigations of the product. 
 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents, if granted, may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent restoration term of up to five years, as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a BLA plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may intend to apply for restoration of patent term for one of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant BLA. 
 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in 
 accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. 
 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 
 In the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS), other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) (e.g., the Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments). For example, our business practices, including any of our research and future sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs may be required to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the patient data privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), transparency requirements, and similar state, local and foreign laws, each as amended. 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item, good, facility or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 broadly to include anything of value. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers, and other individuals and entities on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. 
 
 Additionally, the intent standard under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act), to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Rather, if one purpose of the remuneration is to induce referrals, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is violated. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act (discussed below). 
 
 The civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to, among others, a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for a medical or other item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 
 
 The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. For example, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been, and continue to be, investigated or prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product and for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable, uses. 
 
 HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 
 
 Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 
 We may be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) and their implementing regulations, imposes requirements on certain types of individuals and entities relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates that are independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) annually report information to CMS related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physicians assistants and nurse 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 practitioners) and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, physicians and teaching hospitals and certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 
 In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 
 
 Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the EU, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 
 The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on healthcare pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Healthcare Reform 
 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the ability to profitably sell product candidates for which marketing approval is obtained. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 
 For example, the Affordable Care Act has substantially changed healthcare financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers. Among the Affordable Care Act provisions of importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, in addition to those otherwise described above, are the following: 
 
 created an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents apportioned among these entities according to their market share in some government healthcare programs; 
 increased the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively, and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price (AMP); 
 created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must now agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts, off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturers outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 
 extended manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 
 expanded eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and added new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 
 expanded the entities eligible for discounts under the 340B Drug Discount Program; 
 created a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; 
 expanded healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), created new government investigative powers, and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 
 created a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected; 
 required reporting of certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals; 
 required annual reporting of certain information regarding drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; and 
 established a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending. 
 
 There have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, President Trump signed several executive orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the Affordable Care Act. In December 2017, Congress repealed the tax penalty for an individual s failure to maintain Affordable Care Act-mandated health insurance, commonly known as the individual mandate , as part of legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Tax Act). In addition, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminated, effective January 1, 2020, the Affordable Care Act s mandated Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax and, effective January 1, 2021, also eliminated the health insurer tax. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argue the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the "individual mandate" was repealed by Congress. 
 
 In addition, there have been a number of health reform initiatives that have impacted the Affordable Care Act. For example, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (BBA), among other things, amended the Affordable Care Act, effective January 1, 2019, to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the donut hole . In December 2018, CMS published a final rule permitting further collections and payments to and from certain Affordable Care Act qualified 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 health plans and health insurance issuers under the Affordable Care Act risk adjustment program in response to the outcome of federal district court litigation regarding the method CMS uses to determine this risk adjustment. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the "donut hole" under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and any additional healthcare reform measures will impact the Affordable Care Act. 
 
 Further legislation or regulation could be passed that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for fiscal years 2012 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and will stay in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 
 Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and federal and state legislative activity designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, the Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. In addition, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 
 We anticipate that these and other healthcare reform efforts will continue to result in additional downward pressure on coverage and the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 
 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 
 The FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 
 Additional Regulation 
 
 In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservancy and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. 
 
 Europe / Rest of World Government Regulation 
 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval of a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In the EU, for example, a clinical trial application must be submitted to each country s national health authority and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB, respectively. Once the clinical trial application is approved in accordance with a country s requirements, clinical trial development may proceed. Because biologically sourced raw materials are subject to unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. 
 
 The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 
 To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug or biological product under EU regulatory systems, we must submit an MAA. The application used to file the BLA in the United States is similar to that required in the EU, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. 
 
 For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 
 If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 
 European Union General Data Protection Regulation 
 
 In addition to EU regulations related to the approval and commercialization of our products, we may be subject to the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). The EU GDPR imposes stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data of persons in the EU, including, for example, more robust disclosures to individuals and a strengthened individual data rights regime, shortened timelines for data breach notifications, limitations on retention of information, increased requirements pertaining to special categories of data, such as health data, and additional obligations when we contract with third-party processors in connection with the processing of the personal data. The EU GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union to the United States and other third countries. In addition, the EU GDPR provides that EU member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of personal data, including genetic, biometric or health data. 
 
 The EU GDPR applies extraterritorially, and we may be subject to the EU GDPR because of our data processing activities that involve the personal data of individuals located in the European Union, such as in connection with our EU clinical trials. Failure to comply with the requirements of the EU GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states may result in fines of up to 20,000,000 or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 financial year, whichever is higher, private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests, and other administrative penalties. The EU GDPR regulations may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to the personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the new data protection rules. 
 
 California Consumer Privacy Act 
 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) creates new individual privacy rights for consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, affords California residents certain rights related to their personal data, including the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal data, and allows for a new cause of action for certain data breaches. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), effective January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA. The CPRA, among other things, gives California residents the ability to limit use of certain sensitive personal data, establishes restrictions on personal data retention, expands the types of data breaches that are subject to the CCPA s private right of action, and establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the new law. As our business progresses, the CCPA and the CPRA may become applicable and impact (possibly significantly) our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, we had 361 total employees, of which 359 are full-time. Of our full-time employees, 81 hold Ph.D. and/or M.D. degrees, and 279 are engaged in research, development and technical operations. Most of our employees are located in South San Francisco and Newark, California. Our employees are not represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee morale is healthy and consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 
 We believe our workforce is key to Allogene s success and we actively focus on the following core elements of human capital: (1) our One Allogene culture, (2) diversity, equity and inclusion, and (3) recruitment, development and retention. We have also strived to create a safe working environment and have increased onsite presence since the emergence of COVID-19. 

One Allogene Culture 
 
 We express our culture under the framework of One Allogene : 
 
 One Allogene 
 
 We only succeed as a team. 
 We accomplish more together than as individuals when we unite as one Allogene community. 
 
 We are resilient, because we strive to save the lives of people with cancer. 
 We come together with purpose, courage and flexibility despite challenges or uncertainty because every potential patient is someone s partner, parent, child, sibling or friend. 
 
 We aim for excellence and give it our all. 
 We pursue scientific innovation with a focus on quality and integrity in everything we do to forever change how cancer is treated. 
 
 We take ownership and get things done. 
 We are leaders who embrace urgency, initiative and follow through, with the humility to know each one of us is vital to making AlloCAR T therapy a reality. 
 
 We are good to one another. 
 We value diversity of thought, background and expertise, we earn each other s trust, and assume good intention as we collaborate to help patients. 
 
 We are creating a scientific revolution. 
 
 We are One Allogene 
 37 

Table of Contents 

These core elements of our culture are meant to define how and why we do business. In addition, our core values of collaboration, leadership, innovation and focus help drive our culture and behaviors and are layered into our performance reviews so that we can keep ourselves and our employees accountable. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to cultivating, fostering, and preserving a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). We foster an inclusive environment through respect, collaboration, and open communication. We embrace and encourage differences in age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, culture or customs, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other characteristics that make our employees unique. We also embrace differences in experience and background, and welcome diversity of opinions and thought when making decisions. 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, our employees were self-reportedly 52 women. Of our Director-level and above employees, 45 were self-reportedly women. 
 
 In addition, as of February 1, 2023, 67 of all employees were self-reportedly ethnic or racial minorities in the U.S., with 52 Asian, 1 Black or African American, 7 Hispanic or Latino and 7 of other minority groups or two or more races. Of our Director-level and above employees, 48 were self-reportedly ethnic or racial minorities in the U.S., with 37 Asian, 2 Black or African American, 5 Hispanic or Latino and 4 of other minority groups or two or more races. 
 
 Although we are proud of our efforts and metrics to date, we are focused on broadening our outreach and increasing opportunities to underrepresented minorities, including increased recruitment efforts in minority communities by posting our open positions on top job boards for diversity hiring, participating in diversity focused career fairs and hosting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM)-based outreach in underserved communities at the elementary, junior high and high school level. We have and will continue to conduct unconscious bias training and provide guidance with respect to best practices with a focus on DEI for interviewers. Our recruiters and hiring managers are also encouraged to consider candidates from underrepresented groups and to have diverse interview panels. In addition, we have an Employee Referral Bonus Program that rewards employees for referring candidates from underrepresented groups that are ultimately hired. 
 
 Our DEI initiatives are applicable to our practices and policies, such as those on recruitment, compensation and professional development. We are also progressing the ongoing development of an inclusive work environment that encourages: 
 
 Respectful communication and cooperation between all employees. 
 Valuing and soliciting input, feedback and opinions from relevant staff. 
 Teamwork and employee participation, permitting the representation of employee perspectives. 
 Employer and employee contributions to the communities we serve to promote a greater understanding and respect for the diversity. 
 
 To champion our efforts in this area, we established a governance structure and formed a DEI Committee as well as an associated DEI Advisory Board, each of which is comprised of employees of various levels, departments and backgrounds. The DEI Committee formalized a DEI mission statement and also advanced a DEI policy that sets forth our commitment to the importance of DEI and the responsibility of our employees to adhere to our policy, including by treating others with dignity and respect at all times. Pursuant to our DEI policy, all employees are also encouraged to attend and complete annual diversity awareness training to enhance their knowledge to fulfill this responsibility. The DEI Committee and DEI Advisory Board continually work to identify gaps, respond to feedback provided by peers, and present suggestions on our practices and policies to encourage and enforce an environment in which all employees feel included and empowered to achieve their best. 
 
 We believe in equal pay for equal work. We establish components and ranges of compensation based on market and benchmark data. Within this context, we strive to pay all employees equitably within a reasonable range, taking into consideration factors such as role; market data; internal equity; job location; relevant experience; and individual, department and company performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices and analyze our compensation decisions for individual employees and our workforce as a whole on at least an annual basis. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, we conducted a pay equity analysis which we believe demonstrated that our compensation practices and structure are equitable. If we identify employees with unjustified pay gaps, we review and take appropriate action to ensure fidelity between our stated philosophy and actions. 
 
 We plan to continue to seek feedback from the DEI Committee, DEI Advisory Board and all our employees to help us achieve our full potential. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Recruitment, Development and Retention 
 
 Successful execution of our strategy is dependent on attracting, developing and retaining our employees. We believe our leadership in the field of allogeneic cell therapy and our culture have allowed us to recruit a talented workforce. In 2022, we recruited over 100 new employees. Our average time to hire was less than 90 days and over 80 of candidates accepted our offers. 
 
 We believe our total compensation package also helps recruit and retain our employees. We strive to provide pay, benefits, and services that are competitive to market and create incentives to attract and retain employees. Our compensation package includes market-competitive pay, broad-based stock grants, health care and 401(k) plan benefits, paid time off and family leave, among others. We also provide annual incentive bonus opportunities that are tied to both company performance as well as individual performance to foster a pay-for-performance culture. 
 
 Developing our employees is important, and we focus on providing training opportunities and promotional opportunities. Learning and development, training and other resources are an integral part of retaining our employees and creating a culture of learning and leadership within Allogene. For instance, we have an annual required manager training that allows managers to learn and practice fundamental management skills to enable them to be more effective managers. We also train relevant members of our team on important environmental health and safety topics to help ensure we protect our people and our environment as we operate our business. We encourage our employees to participate and take advantage of a variety of learning and development resources, including online business skills courses, professional development events, and external training programs based on individual needs. We also actively review employee performance and business needs every six months that lead to promotional opportunities for employees across departments and levels. 
 
 While our voluntary attrition rate decreased in 2022 to less than 15 , we believe we will continue to face significant competition for life science talent. 
 
 Employee Safety 
 
 One key aspect of our One Allogene culture is the principle that We Aim for Excellence and Give it Our All, and that includes prioritizing safety. Ingrained in that concept is the tenet to follow all health and safety policies and procedures and prioritize the safety of our team. 
 
 To maintain a safe and healthy workplace, we have a comprehensive Environment, Health and Safety program that focuses on key risk mitigation programs that identify, assess, and correct hazards. We also have a task-based safety training program that is designed for staff to be assigned the appropriate training to understand how to safely perform their duties. 
 Corporate Information 
 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in November 2017. Our principal executive offices are located at 210 East Grand Avenue, South San Francisco, California 94080, and our telephone number is (650) 457-2700. Our corporate website address is www.allogene.com. We make available, free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Alternatively, you may access these reports at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this report, and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. We have identified the following material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this Annual Report. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Annual Report and those we may make from time to time. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have incurred net losses in every period since our inception and anticipate that we will incur substantial net losses in the future. 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company and investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We are advancing an allogeneic CAR T platform of primarily early-stage product candidates and have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and we will continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred net losses in each period since our inception. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported a net loss of 332.6 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1,236.0 million. 
 We expect to incur significant expenditures for the foreseeable future, and we expect these expenditures to increase as we continue our research and development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, product candidates based on our engineered allogeneic T cell platform. Because our allogeneic T cell product candidates are based on new technologies and will require the creation of inventory of mass-produced, off-the-shelf product, they will require extensive research and development and have substantial manufacturing and processing costs. In addition, costs to treat patients with relapsed or refractory cancer and to treat potential side effects that may result from our product candidates can be significant. 
 We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. For instance, the FDA placed our clinical trials on hold in October 2021, which suspended our clinical programs prior to resolution of the hold in January 2022. Even if we succeed in advancing our clinical trials and commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 Our engineered allogeneic T cell product candidates represent a novel approach to cancer treatment that creates significant challenges for us. 
 We are developing a pipeline of allogeneic T cell product candidates that are engineered from healthy donor T cells to express CARs and are intended for use in any patient with certain cancers. Advancing these novel product candidates creates significant challenges for us, including: 
 manufacturing our product candidates to our or regulatory specifications and in a timely manner to support our clinical trials, and, if approved, commercialization; 
 sourcing clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies for the raw materials used to manufacture our product candidates; 
 understanding and addressing variability in the quality of a donor s T cells, which could ultimately affect our ability to produce product in a reliable and consistent manner and treat certain patients; 
 educating medical personnel regarding the potential side effect profile of our product candidates, if approved, such as the potential adverse side effects related to cytokine release syndrome (CRS), neurotoxicity, graft-versus-host disease (GvHD), prolonged cytopenia, aplastic anemia and neutropenic sepsis; 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 using medicines to preempt or manage adverse side effects of our product candidates and such medicines may be difficult to source or costly or may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have other safety risks or a detrimental impact on the efficacy of the treatment; 
 conditioning patients with chemotherapy and ALLO-647 or other lymphodepletion agents in advance of administering our product candidates, which may be difficult to source, costly or increase the risk of infections and other adverse side effects; 
 obtaining regulatory approval, as the FDA and other regulatory authorities have limited experience with development of allogeneic T cell therapies for cancer; and 
 establishing sales and marketing capabilities upon obtaining any regulatory approval to gain market acceptance of a novel therapy. 
 Gene-editing is a relatively new technology, and if we are unable to use this technology in our intended product candidates, our revenue opportunities will be materially limited. 
 Cellectis s TALEN technology involves a relatively new approach to gene editing, using sequence-specific DNA-cutting enzymes, or nucleases, to perform precise and stable modifications in the DNA of living-cells and organisms. Although Cellectis has generated nucleases for many specific gene sequences, it has not created nucleases for all gene sequences that we may seek to target, and Cellectis may not agree to or have difficulty creating nucleases for other gene sequences that we may seek to target, which could limit the usefulness of this technology. This technology may also not be shown to be effective in clinical studies that Cellectis, we or other licensees of Cellectis technology may conduct, or may be associated with safety issues that may negatively affect our development programs. For instance, gene-editing may create unintended changes to the DNA such as a non-target site gene-editing, a large deletion, or a DNA translocation, any of which could lead to oncogenesis. In our ALPHA2 trial, we observed a chromosomal abnormality, and the FDA placed our clinical trials on hold following this observation. While our investigation concluded that gene editing was not responsible for the chromosomal abnormality and the hold was resolved, we may discover future abnormalities caused by gene editing or other factors that would impact our development plans. The gene editing of our product candidates may also not be successful in limiting the risk of GvHD or premature rejection by the patient. 
 In addition, the gene-editing industry is rapidly developing, and our competitors may introduce new technologies that render our technology obsolete or less attractive. New technology could emerge at any point in the development cycle of our product candidates. As competitors use or develop new technologies, any failures of such technology could adversely impact our program. We also may be placed at a competitive disadvantage, and competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost. In addition, our competitors may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We cannot be certain that we will be able to implement technologies on a timely basis or at a cost that is acceptable to us. If we are unable to maintain technological advancements consistent with industry standards, our operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 We are heavily reliant on our partners for access to TALEN gene editing technology for the manufacturing and development of our product candidates. 
 A critical aspect to manufacturing allogeneic T cell product candidates involves gene editing the healthy donor T cells in an effort to avoid GvHD and to limit the patient s immune system from attacking the allogeneic T cells. GvHD results when allogeneic T cells start recognizing the patient s normal tissue as foreign. We use Cellectis s TALEN gene-editing technology to inactivate a gene coding for TCR , a key component of the natural antigen receptor of T cells, to cause the engineered T cells to be incapable of recognizing foreign antigens. Accordingly, when injected into a patient, the intent is for the engineered T cell not to recognize the tissue of the patient as foreign and thus avoid attacking the patient s tissue. In addition, we use TALEN gene editing to inactivate the CD52 gene in donor T cells, which codes for the target of an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody. Anti-CD52 monoclonal antibodies deplete CD52 expressing T cells in patients while sparing therapeutic allogeneic T cells lacking CD52. By administering an anti-CD52 antibody prior to infusing our product candidates, we believe we have the potential to reduce the likelihood of a patient s immune system from rejecting the engineered allogeneic T cells for a sufficient period of time to enable a window of persistence during which the engineered allogeneic T cells can actively target and destroy the cancer cells. However, the antibody may not have the benefits that we anticipate and could have adverse effects. 
 We rely on an agreement with Cellectis for rights to use TALEN technology for 15 select cancer targets, including BCMA, FLT3, CD70, DLL3, Claudin 18.2 and other targets included in our pipeline. We also rely on Cellectis, through our agreement with Servier, for rights to UCART19, ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A. Any other gene-editing technology used to research and develop product candidates directed at targets not covered by our existing agreements with Cellectis and Servier 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 will require significant investment and time for advancement. In addition, the Cellectis gene-editing technology may fail to produce viable product candidates. 
 Moreover, both Servier and Cellectis may terminate our respective agreements in the event of a material breach of the agreements, or upon certain insolvency events. Cellectis has challenged and may in the future challenge certain performance by Servier, such as its development of products licensed under the Cellectis-Servier Agreement in ALL, and any failure by those parties to resolve such matters may have an adverse impact on us. If our agreements were terminated or we required other gene editing technology, such a license or technology may not be available to us on reasonable terms, or at all, and advancing other gene editing technology would require significant resources. 
 Servier s Discontinuation of its involvement in the development of CD19 Products and our disputes with Servier may have adverse consequences. 
 On September 15, 2022, Servier sent a notice of discontinuation of its involvement in the development of all CD19 Products pursuant to the Servier Agreement. Despite there being no obligation under the terms of the Servier Agreement to do so, Servier believes that we had to exercise the Ex-US Option within a limited timeframe that passed. Servier also communicated to us that it believes it does not have to contribute to development costs 90 days from its notice of discontinuation, pending our exercise of the Ex-US Option. We disagree with these assertions relating to both the maintenance of the Ex-US Option as well as contribution to development costs during our consideration of the Ex-US Option. Any failure of Servier to fulfill its obligations may be harmful to us, and while we would intend to vigorously pursue our rights and remedies to enforce our contractual rights, any legal outcome for such enforcement action is inherently uncertain, will add to our costs and divert management time. 
 Servier also licenses certain rights to the CD19 Products from Cellectis and sublicenses those rights to us. Cellectis has challenged certain performance by Servier and has also challenged the ability of Servier to grant a world-wide sublicense. Servier s Discontinuation and any subsequent actions may further strain the relationship between Servier and Cellectis, as well as between us and Cellectis. Any failure to resolve Cellectis challenges could have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Additionally, in December 2022, Servier sent us a notice for material breach due to our purported refusal to allow an audit of certain manufacturing costs under our cost share arrangement. While we do not believe Servier has such an audit right, we are currently progressing such audit with Servier to recover outstanding manufacturing costs owed by Servier to us. We cannot predict the outcome of such audit or related disputes or whether we will be successful in the recovery of outstanding costs. 
 Our product candidates are based on novel technologies, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development and obtaining regulatory approval. 
 We have concentrated our research, development and manufacturing efforts on our engineered allogeneic T cell therapy and our future success depends on the successful development of this therapeutic approach. We are in the early stages of developing our platform and we have experienced significant development challenges, such as with the prior clinical hold by the FDA, and there can be no assurance that any development problems we have now or experience in the future will not cause significant delays or unanticipated costs, or that such development problems can be overcome. We may also experience delays in developing a sustainable, reproducible and scalable manufacturing process or transferring that process to commercial facilities or partners, which may prevent us from completing our clinical studies or commercializing our products on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. For instance, it will take additional time and expense to transfer any product manufacturing to CF1 and optimize manufacturing for our BCMA program, each of which may be further delayed if we are unable to meet regulatory conditions. 
 In addition, since we are in the early stages of clinical development, we do not know all the doses to be evaluated in pivotal trials or, if approved, commercially. Finding a suitable dose for our cell therapy product candidates as well as ALLO-647 may delay our anticipated clinical development timelines. In addition, our expectations with regard to our scalability and costs of manufacturing may vary significantly as we develop our product candidates and understand these critical factors. 
 We are also advancing product candidates against unexplored targets and with new technology. For example, we are advancing ALLO-316 against a target, CD70, that has not been validated by any autologous CAR T therapies. ALLO-316 may have limited efficacy, even accounting for the selection of patients with CD70 positive tumors, or have off-target toxicities. Since CD70 is found on activated T cells, ALLO-316 may also cause fratricide resulting in the loss of ALLO-316 cells or may deplete host T cells increasing the risk of infections. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The clinical study requirements of the FDA, European Medicines Agency (EMA) and other regulatory agencies and the criteria these regulators use to determine the safety and efficacy of a product candidate are determined according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of the potential products. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more complex and consequently more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied pharmaceutical or other product candidates. We face additional challenges in obtaining regulatory approval for ALLO-647, which we use as part of our lymphodepletion regimen, and for which we would seek to obtain approval concurrently with approval of a CAR T cell product candidate. Approvals by the EMA and FDA for existing autologous CAR T therapies, such as Kymriah and Yescarta, may not be indicative of what these regulators may require for approval of our therapies. Also, while we expect reduced variability in our products candidates compared to autologous products, we do not have significant clinical data supporting any benefit of lower variability and the use of healthy donor material may create separate variability challenges for us. 
 More generally, approvals by any regulatory agency may not be indicative of what any other regulatory agency may require for approval or what such regulatory agencies may require for approval in connection with new product candidates. Moreover, our product candidates may not perform successfully in clinical trials or may be associated with adverse events that distinguish them from the autologous CAR T therapies that have previously been approved. For instance, allogeneic product candidates may result in GvHD or chromosomal abnormalities not experienced with autologous products. Additionally, any Phase 2 trial results, such as in the ALPHA2 trial, may not be representative of Phase 1 results, which were based on limited patients. Even if we collect promising initial clinical data of our product candidates, longer-term data may reveal new adverse events or responses that are not durable. Unexpected clinical outcomes would significantly impact our business. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the success of our lead product candidates. If we are unable to advance clinical development, obtain approval of and successfully commercialize our lead product candidates for the treatment of patients in approved indications, our business would be significantly harmed. 
 Our business and future success depends on our ability to advance clinical development, obtain regulatory approval of, and then successfully commercialize, our lead product candidates. Because ALLO-501A, ALLO-316 and our BCMA program candidates are among the first allogeneic products to be evaluated in the clinic, the failure of any such product candidates, or the failure of other allogeneic T cell therapies, including for reasons due to safety, efficacy or durability, may impede our ability to develop our product candidates, and significantly influence physicians and regulators opinions in regard to the viability of our entire pipeline of allogeneic T cell therapies. For instance, all of our clinical trials were previously put on clinical hold due to an observation in the ALPHA2 trial. While the clinical hold has been resolved, we could be subject to a clinical hold in the future due to unexpected observations, adverse patient outcomes or other issues. 
 All of our product candidates, including our lead product candidates, will require additional clinical and non-clinical development, regulatory review and approval in multiple jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. In addition, because our other product candidates are based on similar technology as our lead product candidates, if any of the lead product candidates encounters additional safety issues, efficacy problems, manufacturing problems, developmental delays, regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be significantly harmed. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that have halted and could in the future halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 Future undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. Approved autologous CAR T therapies and those under development have shown frequent rates of CRS, neurotoxicity, serious infections, prolonged cytopenia and hypogammaglobulinemia, and adverse events have resulted in the death of patients. We expect similar adverse events for allogeneic CAR T product candidates. Other adverse events could also emerge in autologous CAR T therapies over time. For instance, patients who received an autologous anti-BCMA CAR T cell therapy have experienced neurocognitive and hypokinetic movement disorder with features of Parkinson's disease that emerged months after treatment and may have been due to BCMA expression within the brain. Our anti-BCMA product candidates have the risk of causing similar adverse events. 
 Our allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates may also cause unique adverse events related to the differences between the donor and patients, such as GvHD or infusion reactions. In addition, we utilize a lymphodepletion regimen, which generally includes fludarabine, cyclophosphamide and ALLO-647, that may cause serious adverse events. For instance, because the regimen will cause a transient and sometimes prolonged immune suppression, patients will have an increased risk of infection, 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 such as to COVID-19, that may be unable to be cleared by the patient and ultimately lead to other serious adverse events or death. Our lymphodepletion regimen has caused and may also cause prolonged cytopenia and aplastic anemia. We are also exploring various dosing strategies for lymphodepletion in our clinical trials, such as higher and lower dosing of ALLO-647 in combination with fludarabine and/or cyclophosphamide, which may increase the risk of serious adverse events. 
 
 In our and Servier's clinical trials of allogeneic CAR T product candidates, the most common severe or life threatening adverse events resulted from cytokine release syndrome, serious infections, febrile neutropenia, prolonged cytopenia including prolonged pancytopenia, haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, hypokalemia, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome, neutropenic sepsis and aplastic anemia. As reported, patients have died from adverse events and future patients may also experience toxicity resulting in death. For additional safety data, please see "Business--Product Pipeline and Development Strategy" in our Annual Report. 
 As we treat and re-treat more patients with our product candidates in our clinical trials, new less common side effects may also emerge. For instance, we observed a chromosomal abnormality that led to a previous clinical hold on our clinical trials. While our investigation concluded that the chromosomal abnormality had no clinical significance and was unrelated to our manufacturing process, our manufacturing process includes gene engineering by using lentivirus and TALEN nucleases that may in the future cause insertion, deletion, or chromosomal translocation that may result in allogeneic CAR T cells to proliferate uncontrollably and adverse events. In addition, we have observed liver enzyme elevations in our TRAVERSE trial. 
 We may also combine the use of our product candidates with other investigational therapies that may cause separate adverse events or events related to the combination. 
 If unacceptable toxicities arise in the development of our product candidates, we could suspend or terminate our trials or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease clinical trials or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Any data safety monitoring board may also suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk, including risks inferred from other unrelated immunotherapy trials. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff, as toxicities resulting from T cell therapy are not normally encountered in the general patient population and by medical personnel. We have trained and expect to have to train medical personnel using CAR T cell product candidates to understand the side effect profile of our product candidates for both our clinical trials and upon any commercialization of any of our product candidates. Inadequate training in recognizing or managing the potential side effects of our product candidates could result in patient deaths. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of any of our product candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, including in any post-approval studies. 
 There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy, insufficient durability of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products. 
 In addition, for any trials that may be completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, approval of our product candidates may be significantly delayed, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Phase 1 data from our clinical trials is limited and may change as more patient data become available or may not be validated in any future or advanced clinical trial. 
 
 Data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Phase 1 results are preliminary in nature and should not be viewed as predictive of ultimate success. It is possible that such results will not continue or may not be repeated in any clinical trial of our product candidates. For instance, our Phase 2 ALPHA2 trial design is based on data from a limited number of patients treated with various doses of ALLO-501 or ALLO-501A manufactured using the Alloy process, and the larger Phase 2 ALPHA2 trial may not repeat the Phase 1 results. In addition, our experience with our CD19 and BCMA programs indicates that manufacturing can impact clinical outcomes. The manufacturing runs we have completed and tested in the clinic are limited across our product candidates and any manufacturing variability that impacts clinical outcomes would significantly harm our business and prospects. We may also fail to develop any optimized manufacturing processes for any of our programs. Ultimately, if we cannot manufacture our product candidates with consistent and reproducible product characteristics, our ability to develop and commercialize any product candidate would be significantly impacted. 
 
 Preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, initial, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 
 We may not be able to submit INDs to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA may not permit us to proceed. 
 We plan to submit INDs for additional product candidates in the future. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND or IND amendment will result in the FDA allowing testing and clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trials. The manufacturing of allogeneic CAR T cell therapy remains an emerging and evolving field. Accordingly, we expect CMC related topics, including product specification, will be a focus of IND reviews, which may delay the clearance of INDs or IND amendments. For instance, if we introduce changes to the manufacturing of our product candidates, regulatory authorities may require additional studies or clinical data to support the changes, which could delay our clinical trial timelines. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, IND amendment or clinical trial application, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their requirements in the future. 
 In addition, we submitted a standalone cross-reference IND for ALLO-647, which is being used as part of lymphodepletion in all our clinical trials. While our IND has been accepted, we have to update the IND for any new IND or IND amendment relating to our allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates. Any regulatory issues related to the review of our ALLO-647 IND updates or to the development of ALLO-647 could delay development of our allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates and significantly affect our business. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials, or may not be able to conduct our trials on the timelines we expect. 
 Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. Even if our trials begin as planned, issues may arise that could suspend or terminate such clinical trials. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of testing, and our future clinical studies may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical studies; 
 delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing, controlling or optimizing a manufacturing process suitable for clinical trials, including the validation and deployment of release assays; 
 difficulty sourcing healthy donor material of sufficient quality and in sufficient quantity to meet our development needs; 
 delays in developing suitable assays for screening patients for eligibility for trials with respect to certain product candidates; 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations (CROs) and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical study sites; 
 delays in obtaining required institutional review board (IRB) approval at each clinical study site; 
 imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons, including after review of an IND application or amendment, or equivalent application or amendment; as a result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable risk to clinical trial participants; a negative finding from an inspection of our clinical study operations or study sites; developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raises FDA concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly; or if the FDA finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 
 delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical studies; 
 difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 
 failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to clinical study requirements; 
 failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practice (GCP) requirements or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 
 delays or failures in the transfer of manufacturing processes to any CMO or our own manufacturing facility or any other development or commercialization partner for the manufacture of product candidates; 
 delays in having patients complete participation in a study or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 patients dropping out of a study; 
 occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 
 changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 
 changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 
 the cost of clinical studies of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 
 clinical studies of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon product development programs; 
 delays or failure to secure supply agreements with suitable raw material suppliers, or any failures by suppliers to meet our quantity or quality requirements for necessary raw materials, including due to suppliers prioritizing specific treatments or vaccines for COVID-19 or other public health crises; and 
 delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical studies or the inability to do any of the foregoing, including due to our CMOs or other vendors prioritizing specific treatments or vaccines for COVID-19 or other public health crises. 
 A pandemic, epidemic or future resurgences of COVID-19 may also increase the risk of certain of the events described above and delay our development timelines. Any inability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. In addition, in order to transition manufacturing of certain of our product candidates from our CMO to our manufacturing facility, we will be required to meet certain regulatory conditions, such as establishing comparability with the product candidates manufactured at our CMO, and our inability to meet such conditions would result in investment of additional resources, a delay in using our manufacturing facility for production and extend our clinical trial timelines. Similar conditions may apply if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates. Clinical study delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 Monitoring and managing toxicities in patients receiving our product candidates is challenging, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize. 
 For our clinical trials of our product candidates, we contract or will contract with academic medical centers and hospitals experienced in the assessment and management of toxicities arising during clinical trials. Nonetheless, these centers 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 and hospitals may have difficulty observing patients and treating toxicities, which may be more challenging due to personnel changes, inexperience, shift changes, house staff coverage or related issues. This could lead to more severe or prolonged toxicities or even patient deaths, which could result in us or the FDA delaying, suspending or terminating one or more of our clinical trials, and which could jeopardize regulatory approval. We also expect the centers using our product candidates, if approved, on a commercial basis could have similar difficulty in managing adverse events. Medicines used at centers to help manage adverse side effects of our product candidates may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have a detrimental impact on the efficacy of the treatment. Use of these medicines may increase with new physicians and centers administering our product candidates. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. For example, as we progress the ALPHA2 and EXPAND trials, we may face enrollment challenges, including an unwillingness of sites to participate, the exclusion of patients with certain disease characteristics or the ineligibility of patients that have received prior autologous CAR T therapies, which continue to gain adoption. Additionally, it may be difficult to enroll the EXPAND trial as some clinical trial sites have declined to participate in the randomized design. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. The COVID-19 pandemic, including the travel and business restrictions imposed by government authorities in response to the pandemic, resulted in, and a resurgence of COVID-19 or future epidemics or pandemics may result in, reduced enrollment and challenges to related clinical trial activities. The enrollment of patients may be more difficult, such as due to the perceptions of the safety of our clinical trials due to the previous clinical hold, and will depend on many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 
 the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 
 the proximity of patients to study sites; 
 the design of the trial; 
 our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 
 the competition from approved products and from product candidates in other clinical trials; and 
 the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before the infusion of our product candidates or trial completion. 
 Since we only need to conduct a limited number of manufacturing runs to generate clinical supply, the diversity of our supply is limited during clinical trials. As a result, some patients may have antibodies to certain donor specific antigens that may interact with our product candidates, which would render the patients ineligible for treatment. In addition, we have introduced a IVD assay in the TRAVERSE trial to screen for patients with CD70+ tumors, which is restricting the number of patients eligible for the trial. 
 Our clinical trials will also compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, some of our clinical trial sites are also being used by some of our competitors, which may reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in that clinical trial site. 
 As our clinical trials require conditioning patients with chemotherapy, including agents such as cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, and physicians use other drugs prophylactically or to manage adverse events, our ability to enroll may be impacted by the shortage of such agents or drugs. For instance, the FDA has reported a shortage of fludarabine and any failure or delays by us or by our clinical trial sites to obtain sufficient quantities of fludarabine may delay our ability to enroll and treat patients in our clinical trials. 
 Moreover, because our product candidates represent a departure from more commonly used methods for cancer treatment, potential patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional therapies, such as chemotherapy, monoclonal antibodies, hematopoietic cell transplantation as well as autologous CAR T cell therapies, rather than enroll patients in our 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 clinical trial, including if our product candidates have or are perceived to have additional safety or efficacy risks or if using our product candidates may affect insurance coverage of conventional therapies. For instance, the development of autologous CAR T cell therapies continues to rapidly advance, including into earlier lines of treatment of LBCL and treatment of R/R multiple myeloma, as described under "Business--Competition" in our Annual Report. We also may experience risks associated with a new class of therapies, bispecific antibodies, which have been approved for multiple myeloma and LBCL. The compelling results and related approvals impact our ability to enroll patients with R/R multiple myeloma or R/R LBCL in our clinical trials. Moreover, patients eligible for allogeneic CAR T cell therapies but ineligible for autologous CAR T cell therapies due to aggressive cancer and inability to wait for autologous CAR T cell therapies may be at greater risk for complications and death from therapy. 
 Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 
 COVID-19 has been adversely impacting, and any future health epidemic or pandemic may adversely impact, our business, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 
 Public health crises such as epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks could adversely impact our business. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or resurgences of COVID-19, or similar epidemics or pandemics, and government responses to such a public health threat, we have and may in the future experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials, including: 
 halting or suspending enrollment in our clinical trials; 
 delays or difficulties in enrolling and retaining patients in our clinical trials; 
 interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as obtaining laboratory materials for collecting patient samples, clinical trial site data monitoring and efficacy, safety and translational data collection, processing and analyses, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal, state or local governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial subject visits, which may impact the collection and integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints; 
 delays or difficulties in initiating or expanding clinical trials, including delays or difficulties with clinical site initiation and recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 
 increased adverse events and deaths in our clinical trials due to COVID-19 or other infections from an infectious disease, which may result in increased complications due to immune suppression from our lymphodepletion regimen; 
 increased rates of patients withdrawing from our clinical trials following enrollment as a result of contracting an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, or being forced to quarantine; 
 diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials or inability of clinical trial sites to hire and retain staff, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 delays or disruptions in preclinical experiments and investigational new drug application-enabling studies due to restrictions of on-site staff and unforeseen circumstances at contract research organizations and vendors; 
 interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies; 
 interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our raw materials or product candidates from our suppliers and contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems, or due to prioritization of production for specific therapies or vaccines to address a public health crisis; 
 limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on advancing our business, including because of sickness of employees or their families, including executive officers and other key employees, the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people, an increased reliance on working from home or mass transit disruptions; and 
 other disruptions to employee productivity, such as due to limited in person contact and reduction in employee morale. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 State and local government responses to a health epidemic or pandemic have included and may in the future include "shelter in place", "stay at home" and similar types of orders, which have previously limited and may in the future limit travel and business operations in our locations, the location of our clinical trial sites, and the location of key vendors. 
 
 The extent to which COVID-19, or another future health pandemic or epidemic, may impact our business, preclinical studies, clinical trials and financial markets will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the public health crisis, the rise of new variants or subvariants that could be more contagious and virulent, travel restrictions and actions to contain the spread of the disease or treat its impact, such as social distancing and quarantines or lock-downs in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease. 
 The market opportunities for our product candidates may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and may be small. 
 The FDA often approves new therapies initially only for use in patients with R/R metastatic disease. We expect to initially seek approval of our product candidates in this setting. Subsequently, for those products that prove to be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval in earlier lines of treatment. There is no guarantee that our product candidates, even if approved, would be approved for earlier lines of therapy, and, prior to any such approvals, we will have to conduct additional clinical trials, including potentially comparative trials against approved therapies. We are also targeting a similar patient population as autologous CAR T product candidates, including approved autologous CAR T products. Our therapies may not be as safe and effective as autologous CAR T therapies and may only be approved for patients who are ineligible for autologous CAR T therapy. 
 Our projections of both the number of patients who have the cancers we are targeting, as well as the subset of patients with these cancers in a position to receive second or later lines of therapy and who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, or market research and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our product candidates may be limited, such as due to screening patients for donor specific antibodies or levels of specific cancer antigens, or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. For instance, we expect ALLO-501A to initially target a small patient population that suffers from R/R NHL. Even if we obtain significant market share for our product candidates, because the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications. 
 Our development strategy relies on incorporating an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody as part of the lymphodepletion preconditioning regimen prior to infusing allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates. 
 We utilize an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody as part of a lymphodepletion regimen to be infused prior to infusing our product candidates. While we believe an anti-CD52 antibody may be able to reduce the likelihood of a patient s immune system rejecting the engineered allogeneic T cells for a sufficient period of time to enable a window of persistence during which such engineered allogeneic T cells can actively target and destroy cancer cells, the antibody may not have the benefits that we anticipate and could have adverse effects. For instance, our lymphodepletion regimen, including using an anti-CD52 antibody, will cause a transient and sometimes prolonged immune suppression that is associated with an increased risk of infection, such as to COVID-19, that may be unable to be cleared by the patient and ultimately lead to other serious adverse events or death. 
 In the prior CALM and PALL trials, a commercially available monoclonal antibody, alemtuzumab, that binds CD52 was used. Alemtuzumab is known to have risk of causing certain adverse events. In 2020, the EMA completed a pharmacovigilance review of alemtuzumab in the context of the treatment of multiple sclerosis following reports of immune-mediated conditions and problems affecting the heart and blood vessels, including fatal cases. The EMA recommended that alemtuzumab should not be used in patients with certain heart, circulation or bleeding disorders or in patients who have autoimmune disorders other than multiple sclerosis. The EMA also recommended that alemtuzumab only be given in a hospital with ready access to intensive care facilities and specialists who can manage serious adverse reactions. Based on the recommendations, we have added relevant new safety information to certain of our clinical trial documentation, including informed consent forms. Our product candidates will also continue to be administered at specialized centers, which are experienced at managing patients with advanced malignancies as well as toxicities associated with immunomodulatory therapies. We will continue to monitor any new safety information that will be reported or added to the product labels of alemtuzumab. If the EMA or other regulatory agencies further limit the use of alemtuzumab or anti-CD52 antibodies, our clinical program would be adversely affected. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 To secure our own readily available source of anti-CD52 antibody, we are developing our own monoclonal anti-CD52 antibody, ALLO-647, which we use in our clinical trials. ALLO-647 may cause serious adverse events that alemtuzumab may cause, including fatal adverse events, immune thrombocytopenia, glomerular nephropathies, thyroid disorders, autoimmune cytopenias, autoimmune hepatitis, hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, acquired hemophilia and infections, stroke, and progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. In addition, we are exploring various dosing strategies for lymphodepletion in our clinical trials, such as higher and lower dosing of ALLO-647 in combination with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide, which may increase the risk of serious adverse events. See "Business--Product Pipeline and Development Strategy" in our Annual Report for information on safety events. 
 If we are unable to successfully develop and manufacture ALLO-647 in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all, such as if regulatory authorities do not agree with our selected dose or approve of the use of ALLO-647 in combination with our allogeneic T cell product candidates, our clinical trial timelines and ability to commercialize any of our product candidates would be significantly delayed. 
 We may fail to successfully manufacture our product candidates, operate our own manufacturing facility, or obtain regulatory approval to utilize or commercialize from our manufacturing facility, which could adversely affect our clinical trials and the commercial viability of our product candidates. 
 We may not be able to achieve clinical or commercial manufacturing and cell processing on our own or at a CMO, including mass-producing off-the-shelf product to satisfy demands for any of our product candidates. While we believe the manufacturing and processing approaches are appropriate to support our clinical product development, we have limited experience in managing the allogeneic T cell engineering process, and our allogeneic processes may be more difficult or more expensive than the approaches taken by our competitors. We cannot be sure that the manufacturing processes employed by us or the technologies that we incorporate for manufacturing will result in consistent T cell production that will be safe and effective. 
 In February 2019, we entered into a lease for approximately 118,000 square feet to develop a state-of-the-art cell therapy manufacturing facility in Newark, California. We decided to initiate the Phase 2 trial of ALLO-501A with material manufactured utilizing the Alloy process at our CMO, rather than material manufactured at our manufacturing facility that did not use the Alloy process. Introducing any product manufactured at our manufacturing facility into an ongoing clinical trial would be subject to FDA review, and may result in increased costs and delays in conducting such trial, submitting a biologics license application (BLA) or gaining FDA approval. Similar conditions may apply if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, as we plan to do for our BCMA program. In addition, any process or raw material change could introduce unacceptable product variability and impact our ability to manufacture on a consistent and reproducible basis. Ultimately, any failure or delays in manufacturing and qualification of our product candidates at our CMO or at our own manufacturing facility would delay our clinical trials. 
 We also do not yet have sufficient information to reliably estimate the cost of the clinical and commercial manufacturing and processing of our product candidates, and the actual cost to manufacture and process our product candidates could materially and adversely affect the commercial viability of our product candidates. In addition, the ultimate clinical and any commercial dose and treatment regimen will affect our ability to scale and our costs per dose. For instance, because our anti-BCMA product candidates may require a higher dose than ALLO-501A, it is possible that it may be more difficult to scale production of our anti-BCMA product candidates to meet any demand. As a result, we may never be able to develop a commercially viable product. The commercial manufacturing facility we build will also require FDA approval, which we may never obtain. Even if approved, we would be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP, and other government regulations. 
 The manufacture of biopharmaceutical products is complex and requires significant expertise, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of cell therapy products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling out and validating initial production and ensuring the absence of contamination. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. The application of new regulatory guidelines or parameters, such as those related to release testing, may also adversely affect our ability to manufacture our product candidates. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such supply may have to be discarded and our manufacturing facility may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability or other issues relating to the manufacture of our product candidates will not occur in the future. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 We or any of our vendors may fail to manage the logistics of storing and shipping our raw materials and product candidates. Storage failures and shipment delays and problems caused by us, our vendors or other factors not in our control, such as weather, could result in the inability to manufacture product, the loss of usable product or prevent or delay the delivery of product candidates to patients. 
 We may also experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disruptions, such as due to a future COVID-19 outbreak, or disputes. If we were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to provide our product candidates to patients would be jeopardized. 
 As a company, we have no experience in marketing products. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may not be able to generate product revenue. 
 As a company, we have no experience in marketing products. We intend to develop an in-house marketing organization and sales force, which will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time. We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. 
 If we are unable or decide not to establish internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, we will pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of our products; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales forces or be on favorable terms. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties, which may not be successful. We may have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our product candidates ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to commercialize any product that receives regulatory approval in the United States or in other markets. 
 A variety of risks associated with conducting research and clinical trials abroad and marketing our product candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We plan to globally develop our product candidates. In addition, our enrollment timelines for ALLO-501A depend on initiating clinical trial sites outside of the United States. Accordingly, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: 
 differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries; 
 unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; 
 differing standards and privacy requirements for the conduct of clinical trials; 
 increased difficulties in managing the logistics and transportation of storing and shipping product candidates produced in the United States and shipping the product candidate to the patient abroad; 
 import and export requirements and restrictions; 
 economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
 foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 differing payor reimbursement regimes, governmental payors or patient self-pay systems, and price controls; 
 potential liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or comparable foreign regulations; 
 challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; 
 challenges with obtaining any local supply of drugs or agents used with our product candidates, which are required by certain local clinical trial sites before conducting any study; and 
 business interruptions resulting from resurgences of COVID-19 or future health epidemics or pandemics, or natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, tsunamis, fires or other medical epidemics, or geo-political actions, including war and terrorism. 
 These and other risks associated with our collaborations with Servier and Cellectis, each based in France, our collaboration with Notch Therapeutics Inc. (Notch), based in Canada, and our joint venture for China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore with Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc., may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. 
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry, and the immuno-oncology industry specifically, is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results. Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. 
 Specifically, engineered T cells face significant competition from multiple companies. Success of other therapies could impact our regulatory strategy and delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates. Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the availability and price of our competitors products could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates for use in limited circumstances. For additional information regarding our competition, see Item 1. Business Competition in our Annual Report. 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel, including our Executive Chair, our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Executive Vice President of Research Development, our Chief Technical Officer, and our General Counsel. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees, and other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays in product development and harm our business. 
 We conduct substantially all of our operations at our facilities in the San Francisco Bay area. This region is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. Attrition may lead to higher costs for hiring and retention, diversion of management time to address retention matters and disrupt the business. 
 To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided stock options and restricted stock unit (RSU) awards that vest over time. The value to employees of stock options and RSU awards that vest over time have been significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. While we completed an option exchange program in July 2022 to alleviate the significant number of employee options that are underwater, the program excluded certain senior officers and new options granted under the program will only have value for employees if our stock price increases over time. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key person insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. 
 We have grown rapidly and will need to continue to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 As of February 1, 2023, we had 359 full-time employees. As our development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we have rapidly expanded our employee base and expect to add managerial, operational, sales, research and development, marketing, financial and other personnel. Current and future growth imposes significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 
 managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 
 improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants. There can be no assurance that the services of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. We may also be subject to penalties or other liabilities if we mis-classify employees as consultants. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring and retaining employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development, manufacturing and commercialization goals. Conversely, if we expand ahead of our business progress, we may take on unnecessary costs. 
 We may form or seek additional strategic alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements. 
 We may form or seek additional strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to our product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Any delays in entering into new strategic partnership agreements related to our product candidates could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 If we license products or new technologies or acquire businesses, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. For instance, our agreements with Cellectis, Servier, Notch and Antion require significant research and development that may not result in the development and commercialization of product candidates. We cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the results, revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. 
 We may not realize the benefits of acquired assets or other strategic transactions. 
 We actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis. We may acquire other businesses, products or technologies as well as pursue joint ventures or investments in complementary businesses. The success of our strategic transactions, including our acquisition of CAR T cell assets from Pfizer, licenses with Cellectis, Servier, Notch, Antion, joint venture with Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. and any future strategic transactions depends on the risks and uncertainties involved including: 
 unanticipated liabilities related to acquired companies or joint ventures; 
 difficulties integrating acquired personnel, technologies and operations into our existing business; 
 retention of key employees; 
 diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to management of strategic alliances or joint ventures or acquisition integration challenges; 
 costs and uncertainties related to managing disputes with any strategic partners; 
 increases in our expenses and reductions in our cash available for operations and other uses; 
 inability of our strategic partners to access suitable capital; 
 disruption in or termination of our relationships with collaborators or suppliers as a result of such a transaction; and 
 possible write-offs or impairment charges relating to acquired businesses or joint ventures. 
 If any of these risks or uncertainties occur, we may not realize the anticipated benefit of any acquisition or strategic transaction. 
 Additionally, foreign acquisitions and joint ventures are subject to additional risks, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks, potentially adverse tax consequences of overseas operations and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. For instance, our joint venture with Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. may face difficulties manufacturing, such as from changes in raw materials or processes due to local regulations, or delivering our licensed product candidates in China, Taiwan, South Korea or Singapore, which could prevent any development or commercialization of our licensed product candidates in the region. The joint venture will also require significant operational and financial support in the future by us or third parties, and any future financing of the joint venture would increase our expenses or dilute our ownership in the joint venture. We may also face unknown liabilities due to supporting our joint venture, such as due to any misuse of materials supplied to our joint venture. 
 Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. 
 We will need substantial additional financing to develop our products and implement our operating plans. If we fail to obtain additional financing, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We expect to spend a substantial amount of capital in the development and manufacture of our product candidates. We will need substantial additional financing to develop our products and implement our operating plans. In particular, we will require substantial additional financing to enable commercial production of our products and initiate and complete registrational trials for multiple products in multiple regions. Further, if approved, we will require significant additional capital in order to launch and commercialize our product candidates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 576.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and investments. Changing circumstances may cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. We may also need to raise additional capital 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 sooner than we currently anticipate if we choose to expand more rapidly than we presently plan. In any event, we will require additional capital for the further development and commercialization of our product candidates, including funding our internal manufacturing capabilities. 
 We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We have no committed source of additional capital and our stock price has faced extreme volatility. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives. Our license agreements may also be terminated if we are unable to meet the payment obligations under the agreements. We could be required to seek collaborators for our product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to our product candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves. 
 Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 If our security measures, or those of our CROs, CMOs, collaborators, contractors, consultants or other third parties upon whom we rely, are compromised or the security, confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information technology, software, services, networks, communications or data is compromised, limited or fails, we could experience a material adverse impact. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may collect, process, receive, store, use, generate, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively processing) proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data (including health information), intellectual property, trade secrets, and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves or other parties. We may also share or receive sensitive information with our partners, CROs, CMOs, or other third parties. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may also experience adverse consequences. 
 
 Our internal computer systems and those of our CROs, CMOs, collaborators, contractors, consultants or other third parties are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, cybersecurity threats, and telecommunication and electrical failures. In addition, as many of our employees work from home at least part of the time and utilize network connections outside our premises, this poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data. Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are prevalent and are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we, and the third parties upon which we rely, may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce and distribute our product candidates. We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, social engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), viruses, ransomware, supply chain attacks, personnel misconduct or error and other similar threats. We may also be the subject of software bugs, server malfunction, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures or other similar issues. In particular, ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, disruptions to our clinical trials, loss of data (including data related to clinical trials), significant expense to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to manufacture or deliver our product candidates. 
 We may expend significant resources, or modify our business activities and operations, including our clinical trial activities, in an effort to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or use industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. 
 Although we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We have experienced attempts to compromise our information technology systems or otherwise cause a security incident, but, to our knowledge, such attempts have been unsuccessful. In addition, from time to time, our vendors inform us of security incidents. To date, our review of such incidents as reported to us did not reveal material information being lost, Allogene-specific security vulnerabilities or provide any useful information or insight into our systems or environment. However, we may not have all information related to such incidents and future incidents could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We may be unable to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate exploitable critical vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. We may also face heightened physical and information technology risks due to our sharing office space with other tenants at certain of our sites. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security incidents or improper access to, use of, or disclosure of our clinical data or patients personal data could result in significant liability under state, federal, and international law and may cause a material adverse impact to our reputation, affect our ability to conduct our clinical trials and potentially disrupt our business. 
 Applicable data protection laws, privacy policies and data protection obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may also experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. 
 We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or adequately mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, or that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 Changes in funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept payment of user fees, statutory, regulatory and policy changes, and business disruptions, such as those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 In addition to the business disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or cybersecurity attacks described above, our operations, and those of our CMOs, CROs, clinical trial sites and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to other disruptions, including those caused by earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, tsunamis, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, future resurgences of COVID-19, wars and other geopolitical conflicts (such as Russia military action against Ukraine) and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our ability to manufacture our product candidates could be disrupted if our operations or those of our suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. Our corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility are located in California near major earthquake faults and fire and flood zones. The ultimate impact on us, our significant suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults and fire and flood zones and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown, but our operations and financial condition could suffer in the event of a major earthquake, fire, flood or other natural disaster. 
 Our relationships with customers, physicians, and third-party payors are subject, directly or indirectly, to federal, state, local and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors violate these laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 These laws may impact, among other things, our clinical research program, as well as our proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services is subject to extensive laws and regulations designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive and other business arrangements. We may also be subject to federal, state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of identifiable patient information, price reporting, false claims and provider transparency. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws that apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties. 
 We are subject to stringent and changing privacy laws, regulations and standards as well as policies, contracts and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to enforcement or litigation (that could result in fines or penalties), a disruption of clinical trials or commercialization of products, reputational harm, or other adverse business effects. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, use, generate, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit and share (collectively, processing) personal data and other sensitive information, including, but not limited to, proprietary and confidential business information, trade secrets, intellectual property, and information we collect about patients in connection with clinical trials. Accordingly, we are, or may become, subject to numerous federal, state, local and international data privacy and security laws, regulations, guidance, and industry standards as well as external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts and other obligations that apply to our processing of personal data and the processing of personal data on our behalf. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and their respective implementing regulations, imposes requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH, through its implementing regulations, makes certain of HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as a person or organization, other than a member of a 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 covered entity s workforce, that creates, receives, maintains or transmits protected health information for or on behalf of a covered entity for a function or activity regulated by HIPAA as well as their covered subcontractors. 
 
 In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and creates individual privacy rights and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide disclosures to California consumers, affords California residents certain rights related to their personal data, including the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal data, and allow for a new cause of action for certain data breaches. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data under the CCPA, as our business progresses, the CCPA may become applicable and significantly impact our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. Furthermore, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), effective January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA s requirements, including by applying to personal information of business representatives and employees and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. In addition, other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. While these states, like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. Additionally, several states and localities have enacted statutes banning or restricting the collection of biometric information. Moreover, data privacy and security laws have been proposed at the federal, state, and local levels in recent years, which could further complicate compliance efforts. 
 
 Outside the United States, there are an increasing number of laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, information security and cross-border personal data transfers. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), the United Kingdom s GDPR (UK GDPR), and China s Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) impose strict requirements for processing personal data. Failure to comply with the requirements of the EU GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states may result in fines of up to 20,000,000 or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, other administrative penalties, and private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. If we cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border data transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or other foreign jurisdictions. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe and elsewhere; limiting our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to such cross-border data transfer or localization laws; or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities and infrastructure in foreign jurisdictions at significant expenses. European regulators have also ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 
 In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have proposed, and may propose, standards with which we are legally or contractually bound to comply. We are also bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. If any of our privacy policies or related materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 Our obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing in an increasingly stringent fashion, creating some uncertainty as to the effective future legal framework. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. As a result, preparing for and complying with these obligations requires significant resources and may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems and practices, as well as those of any third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors, consultants or other third parties that process personal data on our behalf. 
 Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees, third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party service provider to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to or interruption in our ability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with obligations related to data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; temporary or permanent bans on all or some processing of personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our product candidates; 
 injury to our reputation; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 loss of revenue; 
 exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 
 the inability to commercialize any product candidate; and 
 a decline in our share price. 
 Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with corporate collaborators. Our insurance policies may also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. While we have obtained and expect to obtain clinical trial insurance for our clinical trials, we may have to pay amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Under current law, federal net operating losses incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating losses is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in the equity ownership of certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. As a result of our IPO in October 2018 and private placements and other transactions that have occurred since our incorporation, we may have experienced an ownership change . We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. We anticipate incurring significant additional net losses for the foreseeable future, and our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards associated with any such losses to offset future taxable income may be limited to the extent we incur future ownership changes. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. As a result, 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 we may be unable to use all or a material portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our future cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We rely and will continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. 
 We depend and will continue to depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as universities, medical institutions, CROs and strategic partners to conduct our preclinical and clinical trials under agreements with us. 
 We negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs and study sites, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. We will rely heavily on these third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and we control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties are required to comply with good clinical practices (GCPs), which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with biologic product produced under cGMPs and will require a large number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 Any third parties conducting our clinical trials are and will not be our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing preclinical, clinical and nonclinical programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 If any of our relationships with trial sites, or any CRO that we may use in the future, terminates, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative trial sites or CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding third parties to conduct our clinical trials involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. 
 We rely on third parties to manufacture and store our clinical product supplies, and we may have to rely on third parties to produce and process our product candidates, if approved. 
 Our product candidates are manufactured in the United States by our CMOs, and we manage all other aspects of the supply, including planning, CMO oversight, disposition and distribution logistics. For example, in the past, Servier was responsible for UCART19 manufacturing, and experienced UCART19 supply issues that limited its ability to recruit new patients. There can be no assurance that we will not experience supply or manufacturing issues in the future. 
 We do not have long-term agreements in place with CMOs for the manufacture of our cell therapies or of ALLO-647. If we are unable to contract with CMOs on acceptable terms or at all, our clinical development program would be delayed and our business would be significantly harmed. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 While we have built our own manufacturing facility for cell therapies, the transition of manufacturing to our own facility will require significant investment and that we meet certain regulatory conditions, which may delay or extend our clinical trial timelines. We decided to initiate the Phase 2 trial of ALLO-501A with material manufactured utilizing the Alloy process at our CMO, rather than material manufactured at our manufacturing facility that did not use the Alloy process. Re-engaging our CMO to manufacture Alloy-based material is costly and the CMO may fail in manufacturing, such as due to the CMO having limited recent experience with manufacturing Alloy-based material. 
 We have not yet caused our product candidates to be manufactured or processed on a commercial scale and may not be able to achieve manufacturing and processing and may be unable to create an inventory of mass-produced, off-the-shelf product to satisfy demands for any of our product candidates. Our clinical supply is also limited to small quantities and any latent defects discovered in our supply could significantly delay our development timelines. 
 In addition, our actual and potential future reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks: 
 We may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA may have questions regarding any replacement contractor. This may require new testing and regulatory interactions. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, production of our products after receipt of FDA questions, if any. 
 Our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely formulate and manufacture our product or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. 
 Contract manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures appropriately. 
 Manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. 
 We may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our products. 
 Our future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products. 
 Our third-party manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreement with us. 
 Our contract manufacturers would also be subject to the same risks we face in developing our own manufacturing capabilities, as described above. Our current and potential future CMOs may also be required to shut down in response to the spread of COVID-19 or other health epidemics or pandemics, or they may prioritize manufacturing for therapies or vaccines for COVID-19 or other diseases. In addition, our CMOs have certain responsibilities for storage of raw materials and in the past have lost or failed to adequately store our raw materials. We also rely on third parties to store our released product candidates, and any failure to adequately store our product candidates could result in significant delay to our development timelines. Any additional or future damage or loss of raw materials or product candidates could materially impact our ability to manufacture and supply our product candidates. Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any of our product candidates by the FDA or the commercialization of our product candidates or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. 
 In addition, we rely on third parties to perform release tests on our product candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm. 
 We rely on T cells from healthy donors to manufacture our product candidates, and if we do not obtain an adequate supply of T cells from qualified donors, development of those product candidates may be adversely impacted. 
 Unlike autologous CAR T companies, we are reliant on receiving healthy donor material to manufacture our product candidates. Healthy donor T cells vary in type and quality, and this variation makes producing standardized product candidates more difficult and makes the development and commercialization pathway of those product candidates more uncertain. We have developed a screening process designed to enhance the quality and consistency of T cells used in the manufacture of our CAR T cell product candidates, but the manufacturing runs we have completed and tested in the clinic are limited across our product candidates. As we gain experience, we may find that our screening process fails to identify suitable donor material and 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 we may discover unacceptable variability with the material after production. We may also have to update our specifications for new risks that may emerge, such as to screen for new viruses or chromosomal abnormalities. 
 We have strict specifications for donor material, which include specifications required by regulatory authorities. If we are unable to identify and obtain donor material that satisfy specifications, agree with regulatory authorities on appropriate specifications, or address variability in donor T cells, there may be inconsistencies in the product candidates we produce or we may be unable to initiate or continue clinical trials on the timelines we expect, which could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business and prospects. 
 In addition, vendors have and are facing challenges in obtaining donor material, including due to COVID-19. While we have donor material on hand, if our vendors are unable to secure donor material, we may no longer have sufficient donor material to manufacture our product candidates. 
 Cell-based therapies rely on the availability of specialty raw materials, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Our product candidates require many specialty raw materials, including viral vectors that deliver the CAR sequence and electroporation technology, some of which are manufactured by small companies with limited resources and experience to support a commercial product, and the suppliers may not be able to deliver raw materials to our specifications. We do not have contracts with many of the suppliers, and we may not be able to contract with them on acceptable terms, or at all. Many suppliers curtailed their operations during the COVID-19 pandemic, focused their operations on supporting COVID-19 therapies and vaccines, or have faced higher attrition, and our ability and the ability of our suppliers to source raw materials has been impacted. Accordingly, we may experience higher costs or delays in receiving, or fail to secure entirely, key raw materials to support clinical or commercial manufacturing. Certain raw materials also require third-party testing, and some of the testing service companies may not have capacity or be able to conduct the testing that we request. 
 In addition, many of our suppliers normally support blood-based hospital businesses and generally do not have the capacity to support commercial products manufactured under cGMP by biopharmaceutical firms. The suppliers may be ill-equipped to support our needs, including generating data required for a BLA and in non-routine circumstances like an FDA inspection or medical crisis, such as widespread contamination. 
 We also face competition for supplies from other cell therapy companies. Such competition may make it difficult for us to secure raw materials or the testing of such materials on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner. 
 Some raw materials are currently available from a single supplier, or a small number of suppliers. We cannot be sure that these suppliers will remain in business or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors or another company that is not interested in continuing to produce these materials for our intended purpose. In addition, the lead time needed to establish a relationship with a new supplier can be lengthy, and we may experience delays in meeting demand in the event we must switch to a new supplier. For certain of our raw materials, we are in the process of qualifying a new supplier or a new manufacturing site from an existing supplier, which requires meeting regulatory requirements for such qualification, and could result in additional costs, delays, diversion of resources or reduced manufacturing yields, any of which would negatively impact our operating results. Further, we may be unable to enter into agreements with a new supplier on commercially reasonable terms, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 If we or our third-party suppliers use hazardous, non-hazardous, biological or other materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. 
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials. We and our suppliers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials. Although we believe that we and our suppliers procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we and our suppliers cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. For instance, we have had and may continue to have environmental notice of violations at our manufacturing facility. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. In addition, we have commenced shipment of certain materials to our joint venture with Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. in China and any violation by our joint venture in the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal under foreign law may subject us to additional liability. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 The FDA regulatory approval process is lengthy and time-consuming, and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, import, export, marketing, and distribution of drug products, including biologics, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States. We are not permitted to market any biological drug product in the United States until we receive approval of a BLA from the FDA. We have not previously submitted a BLA to the FDA, or similar approval filings to comparable foreign authorities. A BLA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate s safety and effectiveness for each desired indication. The BLA must also include significant information regarding CMC matters for the product, and any delay or failure in generating such data to meet the evolving CMC regulatory requirements would delay any BLA filing. 
 We expect the novel nature of our product candidates to create further challenges in obtaining regulatory approval. For example, the FDA has limited experience with commercial development of allogeneic T cell therapies for cancer. We may also request clinical trial initiation or regulatory approval of future CAR-based product candidates by target, regardless of cancer type or origin, which the FDA may have difficulty accepting. The FDA may also require a panel of experts, referred to as an Advisory Committee, to deliberate on the adequacy of the safety and efficacy data to support licensure. The opinion of the Advisory Committee, although not binding, may have a significant impact on our ability to obtain licensure of the product candidates based on the completed clinical trials, as the FDA often adheres to the Advisory Committee s recommendations. Accordingly, the regulatory approval pathway for our product candidates may be uncertain, complex, expensive and lengthy, and approval may not be obtained. 
 We have previously experienced a delay in our clinical trials due to a clinical hold, and may experience future delays in completing planned clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: 
 obtaining regulatory authorization to begin a trial, if applicable; 
 the availability of financial resources to commence and complete the planned trials; 
 reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 
 obtaining approval at each clinical trial site by an independent IRB; 
 obtaining regulatory and other approvals to modify the conduct of a clinical trial; 
 recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; 
 having patients complete a trial, including having patients enrolled in clinical trials dropping out of the trial prior to treatment, or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 clinical trial sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 
 addressing any patient safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial; 
 adding new clinical trial sites; or 
 manufacturing sufficient quantities of qualified materials under cGMPs, releasing product in accordance with specifications, and delivering product candidates for use in clinical trials. 
 We could also encounter future delays if physicians encounter unresolved ethical issues associated with enrolling patients in clinical trials of our product candidates in lieu of prescribing existing treatments that have established safety and efficacy profiles. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs for the institutions in which such trials are being conducted or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, or based on a recommendation by any Data Safety Monitoring Committee. The FDA s review of our data of our clinical trials may, depending on the data, also result in the delay, suspension or termination of one or more of our clinical trials, which would also delay or prevent the initiation of our other planned clinical trials. If we experience termination of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
 Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 The regulatory landscape that will govern our product candidates is uncertain; regulations relating to more established gene therapy and cell therapy products are still developing, and changes in regulatory requirements could result in delays or discontinuation of development of our product candidates or unexpected costs in obtaining regulatory approval. 
 Because we are developing novel CAR T cell immunotherapy product candidates that are unique biological entities, the regulatory requirements that we will be subject to are not entirely clear. Even with respect to more established products that fit into the categories of gene therapies or cell therapies, the regulatory landscape is still developing and guidance from regulatory authorities may continue to change in the future. 
 Moreover, there is substantial, and sometimes uncoordinated, overlap in those responsible for regulation of existing gene therapy products and cell therapy products. For example, in the United States, the FDA has established the Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies (OTAT), formerly known as the Office of Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies (OCTGT), within its Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) to consolidate the review of gene therapy and related products, and the Cellular, Tissue and Gene Therapies Advisory Committee to advise CBER on its review. Gene therapy clinical trials are also subject to review and oversight by an institutional biosafety committee (IBC), a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees basic and clinical research conducted at the institution participating in the clinical trial. Although the FDA decides whether individual gene therapy protocols may proceed, review process and determinations of other reviewing bodies can impede or delay the initiation of a clinical study, even if the FDA has reviewed the study and approved its initiation. Conversely, the FDA can place an IND application on clinical hold even if such other entities have provided a favorable review. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent IRB at or servicing each institution at which a clinical trial will be conducted. In addition, adverse developments in clinical trials of gene therapy products conducted by others may cause the FDA or other regulatory bodies to change the requirements for approval of any of our product candidates. 
 Complex regulatory environments exist in other jurisdictions in which we might consider seeking regulatory approvals for our product candidates, further complicating the regulatory landscape. For example, in the EU a special committee called the Committee for Advanced Therapies (CAT) was established within the EMA in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1394/2007 on advanced-therapy medicinal products (ATMPs) to assess the quality, safety and efficacy of ATMPs, and to follow scientific developments in the field. ATMPs include gene therapy products as well as somatic cell therapy products and tissue engineered products. In this regard, on May 28, 2014, the EMA issued a recommendation that UCART19 be considered a gene therapy product under Regulation (EC) No 1394/2007 on ATMPs. We believe our other product candidates may receive a similar recommendation. 
 These various regulatory review committees and advisory groups and new or revised guidelines that they promulgate from time to time may lengthen the regulatory review process, require us to perform additional studies, increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization of our product candidates or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. Because the regulatory landscape for our CAR T cell immunotherapy product candidates is new, we may face even more cumbersome and complex regulations than those emerging for gene therapy products and cell therapy products. Furthermore, even if our product candidates obtain required regulatory approvals, such approvals may later be withdrawn as a result of changes in regulations or the interpretation of regulations by applicable regulatory agencies. 
 Delay or failure to obtain, or unexpected costs in obtaining, the regulatory approval necessary to bring a potential product to market could decrease our ability to generate sufficient product revenue to maintain our business. 
 The FDA may disagree with our regulatory plan and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval of our CAR T cell product candidates. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 The general approach for FDA approval of a new biologic or drug is for the sponsor to provide dispositive data from two well-controlled, Phase 3 clinical studies of the relevant biologic or drug in the relevant patient population. Phase 3 clinical studies typically involve hundreds of patients, have significant costs and take years to complete. We expect ongoing FDA feedback on our trials, some of which may lead to changes in the trials, which could cause future delays to our trials. In addition, even if we believe the results are sufficiently compelling, such as for both the ALPHA2 trial and EXPAND trial, the FDA could ultimately require longer-term follow-up results, additional data from our clinical trials or additional trials that could delay or prevent our first BLA submission. The FDA may require that we conduct a comparative trial against an approved therapy including potentially an approved autologous T cell therapy, which would significantly delay our development timelines and require substantially more resources. In addition, the FDA may only allow us to evaluate patients that have failed or who are ineligible for autologous therapy, which are extremely difficult patients to treat and patients with advanced and aggressive cancer, and our product candidates may fail to improve outcomes for such patients. 
 The FDA may grant accelerated approval for our product candidates and, as a condition for accelerated approval, the FDA may require a sponsor of a drug or biologic receiving accelerated approval to perform post-marketing studies to verify and describe the predicted effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical endpoint, and the drug or biologic may be subject to withdrawal procedures by the FDA that are more accelerated than those available for regular approvals. We believe our accelerated approval strategy is warranted given the limited alternatives for patients with R/R cancers, but the FDA may ultimately require a Phase 3 clinical trial prior to approval, particularly since our product candidates represent a novel treatment. In addition, the standard of care may change with the approval of new products in the same indications that we are studying. This may result in the FDA or other regulatory agencies requesting additional studies to show that our product candidate is superior to the new products. 
 Our clinical trial results may also not support approval. In addition, our product candidates could be delayed in receiving approval or fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the inability to resolve any future clinical hold; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications; 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval, including due to the heterogeneity of patient populations; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of a BLA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will review extensive CMC data, our manufacturing process and inspect the relevant commercial manufacturing facility and may not approve our manufacturing process or facility; 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval; and 
 we may be unable to agree on any required pediatric investigation plan with regulatory authorities prior to any BLA filing. 
 We may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for ALLO-647 in a timely manner or at all, which could delay any approval or commercialization of our allogeneic T cell product candidates. 
 As we are concurrently developing ALLO-647 to be used as part of the lymphodepletion regimen for our allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates, mapping a co-development path for dual approval of ALLO-647 and any of our CAR T cell product candidates and coordinating concurrent review with different divisions of the FDA create additional regulatory uncertainty for us and may delay the development of our product candidates. We expect the Center for Drug Evaluation and 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Research division of the FDA to exercise authority over the regulatory approval of ALLO-647 while the CBER division will oversee the regulatory approval of our allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates. 
 In addition, the FDA is requiring us to demonstrate the overall contribution of ALLO-647 to the benefit to risk ratio of the lymphodepletion regimen for ALLO-501A. We plan to assess ALLO-647 in a separate potential registrational trial, the EXPAND trial, that we plan to open to enrollment early in the second quarter of 2023. Some clinical trial sites have elected not to participate, and we cannot be certain when or whether we will be able to successfully initiate and enroll the EXPAND trial in a timely manner or that the outcome of this study will support FDA approval. For instance, enrolling two studies, ALPHA2 and EXPAND, that target the same indication may delay enrollment completion, and difference in data between the trials would introduce other regulatory review complications that would adversely impact both trials. Any delays to ALLO-647 approval could delay any approval or commercialization of our allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates. 
 Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy designation and Fast Track designation may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 We have received Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation for ALLO-715 and ALLO-501A and fast track designation (FTD) for ALLO-605 and ALLO-316. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain RMAT designation or FTD for any of our additional product candidates. RMAT designation and FTD do not change the FDA s standards for product approval, and there is no assurance that such designation will result in expedited review or approval or that the approved indication will not be narrower than the indication covered by the designation. Additionally, RMAT designation and FTD can be revoked if the criteria for eligibility cease to be met as clinical data emerges. 
 We plan to seek orphan drug designation for some or all of our product candidates across various indications, but we may be unable to obtain such designations or to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including market exclusivity, which may cause our revenue, if any, to be reduced. 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a disease or condition with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug or biologic in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. In order to obtain orphan drug designation, the request must be made before submitting a BLA. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval of that particular product for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a BLA, to market the same biologic (meaning, a product with the same principal molecular structural features) for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or if FDA finds that the holder of the orphan drug exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. As a result, even if one of our product candidates receives orphan exclusivity, the FDA can still approve other biologics that do not have the same principal molecular structural features for use in treating the same indication or disease or the same biologic for a different indication or disease during the exclusivity period. Furthermore, the FDA can waive orphan exclusivity if we are unable to manufacture sufficient supply of our product or if a subsequent applicant demonstrates clinical superiority over our product. 
 The FDA granted orphan drug designation to ALLO-605 and ALLO-715 for the treatment of multiple myeloma. We plan to seek orphan drug designation for additional product candidates in specific orphan indications in which there is a medically plausible basis for the use of these products, but may never receive such designations. Some of our product candidates target indications that are not orphan indications. In addition, even with orphan drug designation, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan designated indication and may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition, or if a subsequent applicant demonstrates clinical superiority over our products, if approved. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Negative public opinion and increased regulatory scrutiny of genetic research and therapies involving gene editing may damage public perception of our product candidates or adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates. 
 The gene-editing technologies that we use are novel. Public perception may be influenced by claims that gene editing is unsafe, and products incorporating gene editing may not gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community. Given the previous clinical hold involved a chromosomal abnormality, our manufacturing or gene editing may be further scrutinized or may be viewed as unsafe, even though our investigation found that the abnormality was not related to our manufacturing or gene editing. In particular, our success will depend upon physicians specializing in our targeted diseases prescribing our product candidates as treatments in lieu of, or in addition to, existing, more familiar, treatments for which greater clinical data may be available. Any increase in negative perceptions of gene editing may result in fewer physicians prescribing our treatments or may reduce the willingness of patients to utilize our treatments or participate in clinical trials for our product candidates. 
 In addition, given the novel nature of gene-editing and cell therapy technologies, governments may place import, export or other restrictions in order to retain control or limit the use of the technologies. For instance, any limits on exporting certain of our technology to China may adversely affect Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (Allogene Overland), a joint venture established by us and Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. Increased negative public opinion or more restrictive government regulations either in the United States or internationally, would have a negative effect on our business or financial condition and may delay or impair the development and commercialization of our product candidates or demand for such product candidates. 
 We expect the product candidates we develop will be regulated as biological products, or biologics, and therefore they may be subject to competition sooner than anticipated. 
 The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA) was enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act) to establish an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biological products. The regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to an approved biologic. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA until 12 years after the reference product was approved under a BLA. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. 
 We believe that any of the product candidates we develop that is approved in the United States as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider the subject product candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of the reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the products may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and others in the medical community. 
 The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not become broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and others in the medical community. We expect physicians in the large bone marrow transplant centers to be particularly important to the market acceptance of our products and we may not be able to educate them on the benefits of using our product candidates for many reasons. For example, certain of the product candidates that we will be developing target a cell surface marker that may be present on cancer cells as well as non-cancerous cells. It is possible that our product candidates may kill these non-cancerous cells, which may result in unacceptable side effects, including death. Additional factors will influence whether our product candidates are accepted in the market, including: 
 the clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; 
 physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and patients considering our product candidates as a safe and effective treatment; 
 the potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 
 product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 
 limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by the FDA; 
 the timing of market introduction of our product candidates as well as competitive products; 
 the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; 
 the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors and government authorities; 
 the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors and government authorities; 
 relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; and 
 the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. 
 If our product candidates are approved but fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate significant revenue. Even if our products achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete. 
 Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably. 
 Successful sales of our product candidates, if approved, depend on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors including governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, managed care organizations and commercial payors, among others. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In addition, because our product candidates represent new approaches to the treatment of cancer, we cannot accurately estimate the potential revenue from our product candidates. 
 Patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors is critical to new product acceptance. 
 The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if government and other third-party payors fail to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement. We expect downward pressure on pharmaceutical pricing to continue. Further, coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 The advancement of healthcare reform may negatively impact our ability to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably. 
 There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) matters or our reporting of such matters. 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, employees, partners, and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters. While we have internal efforts directed at ESG matters and preparations for any increased required future disclosures, we may be perceived to be not acting responsibly in connection with these matters, which could negatively impact us. Moreover, the SEC has recently proposed, and may continue to propose, certain mandated ESG reporting requirements, such as 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 the SEC s proposed rules designed to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures, which, if finally approved, would significantly increase our compliance and reporting costs and may also result in disclosures that certain investors or other stakeholders deem to negatively impact our reputation or that harm our stock price. In addition, we currently do not report our environmental emissions, and lack of reporting could result in certain investors declining to invest in our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. We depend substantially on our license agreements with Pfizer, Servier and Cellectis. These licenses may be terminated upon certain conditions. Any termination of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to commercialize our product candidates. For example, we are dependent on our license with Cellectis for gene-editing technology that is necessary to produce our engineered T cells. In addition, we are reliant on Servier in-licensing from Cellectis some of the intellectual property rights they are licensing to us, including certain intellectual property rights relating to ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A. To the extent these licensors fail to meet their obligations under their license agreements, which we are not in control of, we may lose the benefits of our license agreements with these licensors. For instance, Cellectis has challenged and may in the future challenge certain performance by Servier, such as its development of products licensed under the Cellectis-Servier Agreement in ALL, and any failure by those parties to resolve such matters may have an adverse impact on us. In the future, we may also enter into additional license agreements that are material to the development of our product candidates. 
 Disputes may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including those related to: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 whether and the extent to which our technology and processes may infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 
 our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 
 the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. 
 If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed, or license in the future, prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license, as we are for intellectual property that we own, which are described below. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 
 If our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
 We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and license agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our technologies. Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. 
 Under the Servier Agreement, we have an exclusive license to develop and commercialize certain anti-CD19 allogeneic T cell product candidates, including ALLO-501A, and we hold the commercial rights to these product candidates in the United States. We also have an exclusive worldwide license from Cellectis to its TALEN gene-editing technology for the development of allogeneic T cell product candidates directed against 15 different cancer antigens. The Servier Agreement gives us access to TALEN gene-editing technology for all product candidates under the agreement. Certain intellectual property which is covered by these agreements may have been developed with funding from the U.S. government. If so, our rights in this intellectual property may be subject to certain research and other rights of the government. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Additional patent applications have been filed, and we anticipate additional patent applications will be filed, both in the United States and in other countries, as appropriate. However, we cannot predict: 
 if and when patents will issue; 
 the degree and range of protection any issued patents will afford us against competitors including whether third parties will find ways to invalidate or otherwise circumvent our patents; 
 whether or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications; or 
 whether we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings which may be costly whether we win or lose. 
 Composition of matter patents for biological and pharmaceutical products such as CAR-based product candidates often provide a strong form of intellectual property protection for those types of products, as such patents provide protection without regard to any method of use. We cannot be certain that the claims in our pending patent applications covering compositions of matter of our product candidates will be considered patentable by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) or by patent offices in foreign countries, or that the claims in any of our issued patents will be considered valid and enforceable by courts in the United States or foreign countries. Method of use patents protect the use of a product for the specified method. This type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to our product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products off-label. Although off-label prescriptions may infringe method of use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. 
 The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical fields involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other foreign countries. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the patentability, validity, enforceability or scope thereof, for example through inter partes review (IPR), post-grant review or ex parte reexamination before the USPTO, or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, which may result in such patents being cancelled, narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing their products to avoid being covered by our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents and patent applications we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. United States patent applications containing or that at any time contained a claim not entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013 are subject to the first to file system implemented by the America Invents Act (2011). 
 This first to file system will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates. Furthermore, for United States applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third-party or instituted by the USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. For United States applications containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, there is a greater level of uncertainty in the patent law in view of the passage of the America Invents Act, which brought into effect significant changes to the United States patent laws, including new procedures for challenging patent applications and issued patents. 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees, Allogene Overland and third parties may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
 In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we seek to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. Trade secrets, however, may be difficult to protect. Although we require all of our employees to assign their inventions to us, and require all of our employees and key consultants who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Furthermore, the laws of some 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. For example, we plan to transfer technology to Allogene Overland or its affiliates in certain developing countries, and we cannot be certain that we or Allogene Overland or any of its affiliates will be able to protect or enforce any proprietary rights in these countries. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our intellectual property to third parties, we will not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts and our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. 
 Third parties may assert that we infringe their patents or are otherwise employing their proprietary technology without authorization and may sue us. We are aware of several U.S. patents held by third parties that may be considered by those third parties to be relevant to cell-based therapies. Generally, conducting clinical trials and other development activities in the United States is not considered an act of infringement. If and when any of our product candidates is approved by the FDA, third parties may then seek to enforce their patents by filing a patent infringement lawsuit against us. Patents issued in the United States by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted only with evidence that is clear and convincing, a heightened standard of proof. We may not be able to prove in litigation that any patent enforced against us is invalid. 
 Additionally, there may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may be alleged to infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held not infringed, unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held not infringed, unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. 
 Parties who may make claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business and may impact our reputation. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign any of our alleged infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Presently we have rights to the intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patent applications that we own or will own, that we believe will facilitate the development of our product candidates. Because our programs may 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. 
 We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. We may fail to acquire such rights or obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, which would harm our business. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. We may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by such third-party intellectual property rights. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly and could put one or more of our pending patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Litigation or interference proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 The lives of our patents may not be sufficient to effectively protect our products and business. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after its first effective filing date. Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from biosimilar or generic medications. In addition, although upon issuance in the United States a patent s life can be increased based on certain delays caused by the USPTO, this increase can be reduced or eliminated based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. If we do not have sufficient patent life to protect our products, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We or our licensors may in the future be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators, or other third parties have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we or our licensors are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found unpatentable, invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO. 
 If we or one of our licensing partners initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include IPR, ex parte re-examination and post grant review in the United States, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of unpatentability, invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of unpatentability, invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. For example, in the 2013 case, Assoc. for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc. , the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain claims to DNA molecules are not patentable. While we do not believe that any of the patents owned or licensed by us will be found invalid based on this decision, we cannot predict how future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights outside the United States. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries where Allogene Overland or its affiliates may do business, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us or Allogene Overland or any of its affiliates to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. 
 We have received confidential and proprietary information from third parties. In addition, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed confidential information of these third parties or our employees former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and employees. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The price of our stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock following our IPO in October 2018 has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section, these factors include: 
 the commencement, enrollment or results of our clinical trials of our product candidates or any future clinical trials we may conduct, or changes in the development status of our product candidates; 
 our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 
 adverse results or delays in clinical trials; 
 any delay in our regulatory filings for our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request for additional information; 
 our failure to commercialize our product candidates; 
 adverse regulatory decisions; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products, including but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals; 
 adverse developments concerning the manufacture or supply of our product candidates; 
 our inability to obtain adequate product supply for any approved product or inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
 our inability to establish collaborations if needed; 
 additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 
 unanticipated serious safety concerns related to immuno-oncology or related to the use of our product candidates or pre-conditioning regimen; 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 introduction of new products or services offered by us or our competitors; 
 changes in the status of one or more of our license or collaboration agreements, including any material disputes, amendments or terminations; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 the size and growth of our initial cancer target markets; 
 our ability to successfully treat additional types of cancers or at different stages; 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 
 our cash position; 
 our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry, or immunotherapy in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 
 trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in accounting practices; 
 ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls or internal controls; 
 disagreements with our auditor or termination of an auditor engagement; 
 disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
 significant business disruptions caused by health epidemics or pandemics, or natural or man-made disasters; 
 general political and economic conditions; and 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the Nasdaq Global Select Market and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Our failure to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements, our failure to meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which in turn could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline . 
 Maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to have our auditors formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 on an annual basis. Complying with Section 404 requires a rigorous compliance program as well as adequate time and resources. We may not be able to complete our internal control evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 timely fashion. Additionally, if we or our auditors identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will not be able to assert that our internal controls are effective. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 In 2021, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which required the investment of significant financial and human resources. We plan to continue to implement new ERP modules, which we also expect will require significant resources. Any failure to maintain or implement new or improved internal controls related to our ERP system or otherwise could result in material weaknesses, result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. This could cause us to lose public confidence and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We currently anticipate that we will retain any future cash flow or earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 
 a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chair of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 
 a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; 
 a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 
 the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 
 In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirors to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Unstable market, economic and geo-political conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past. These disruptions have resulted and may continue to result in severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, high inflation, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment, higher inflation, or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Our portfolio of corporate and government bonds would also be adversely impacted. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our operations, growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive an economic downturn or rising inflation, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 Other international and geo-political events could also have a serious adverse impact on our business. For instance, in February 2022, Russia initiated military action against Ukraine. In response, the United States and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions and trade actions against Russia and could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory actions. While we cannot predict the broader consequences, the conflict and retaliatory and counter-retaliatory actions could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, inflation, regional economies, and the global economy, which in turn may increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, impair our ability to raise or access additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, including by any of our directors, officers or larger stockholders, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock could be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if the clinical trials and operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in South San Francisco, California, which consists of approximately 68,072 square feet for office and laboratory space. Our lease for our headquarter space commenced on March 1, 2019. On December 10, 2021, we amended our lease for an additional 47,566 square feet of office and laboratory space as part of the same building as our headquarters. The lease relating to the expansion premises commenced on April 1, 2022. The lease for both the existing and expansion premises will expire on March 31, 2032. 
 We entered into an additional lease in October 2018 for approximately 14,943 square feet of office and laboratory space in South San Francisco near our headquarters. On December 10, 2021, we amended our lease to extend the term of the lease to be co-terminus with our lease for our headquarters. 
 In February 2019, we entered into a lease for approximately 118,000 square feet to develop a state-of-the-art cell therapy manufacturing facility in Newark, California. The lease commenced in November 2020 and has an initial term of 15 years and eight months. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that our existing facilities and other available properties will be sufficient for our needs for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to any litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock has been listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ALLO since October 11, 2018. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 57 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 The following graph shows the value of an investment of 100 from October 11, 2018 (the date our common stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market) through December 31, 2022, in our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Index (S P 500), the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, and Nasdaq Composite Index. The historical stock price performance of our common stock shown in the performance graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 Cumulative Total Return date ended 10/11/2018 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 100.00 122.41 118.09 114.73 67.82 28.59 S P 500 100.00 90.28 116.35 135.26 171.64 138.27 Nasdaq Biotechnology 100.00 87.25 108.54 136.42 135.56 120.77 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 89.81 121.45 174.45 211.76 141.67 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 None. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion contains management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be read together with the historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should carefully read Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company pioneering the development of genetically engineered allogeneic T cell product candidates for the treatment of cancer. We are developing a pipeline of off-the-shelf T cell product candidates that are designed to target and kill cancer cells. Our engineered T cells are allogeneic, meaning they are derived from healthy donors for intended use in any patient, rather than from an individual patient for that patient s use, as in the case of autologous T cells. We believe this key difference will enable us to deliver readily available treatments faster, more reliably, at greater scale, and to more patients. 
 We have a deep pipeline of allogeneic chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell product candidates targeting multiple promising antigens in a host of hematological malignancies and solid tumors. Pursuant to our Exclusive Collaboration and License Agreement with Servier (Servier Agreement), we have exclusive rights to ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A, CAR T cell product candidates targeting CD19, in the United States. ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A use Cellectis S.A. (Cellectis) technologies under which Servier holds an exclusive worldwide license from Cellectis. 
 We are conducting long-term follow-up in our Phase 1 clinical trial (the ALPHA trial) of ALLO-501 in patients with relapsed or refractory (R/R) non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). We are also progressing the development of the second-generation version of ALLO-501, known as ALLO-501A. We have removed rituximab recognition domains in ALLO-501A, which we believe will potentially facilitate treatment of more patients, as rituximab is a typical part of a treatment regimen for a patient with NHL. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical trial for ALLO-501A (the ALPHA2 trial) in R/R large B cell lymphoma (LBCL). The single-arm ALPHA2 trial will utilize a single dose of ALLO-501A at 120 million CAR+ cells with a lymphodepletion regimen comprised of fludarabine (30 mg/m2/day x 3 days) and cyclophosphamide (300 mg/m2/day x 3 days) plus ALLO-647 (90 mg). We plan to enroll approximately 100 patients who have received at least two prior lines of therapy and have not received any prior anti-CD19 therapy, including CAR T therapy. The primary endpoint is objective response rate (ORR) and the key secondary endpoint is duration of response (DoR). 
 We are also in the process of initiating the EXPAND trial, which is expected to enroll approximately 70 patients with R/R LBCL and is intended to demonstrate the overall contribution of ALLO-647 to the benefit to risk ratio of the lymphodepletion regimen for ALLO-501A. Patients will be randomized to receive the same single 120 million CAR+ cell dose of ALLO-501A as in the ALPHA2 trial and either lymphodepletion with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (control arm) or the lymphodepletion regimen of the ALPHA2 trial (active arm). The primary endpoint of this trial is progression free survival, and the key secondary endpoints are ORR, DoR, and the safety of ALLO-647. Assuming favorable outcomes and subject to 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 FDA discussions, we plan to seek FDA approval of ALLO-501A and ALLO-647 on the basis of the ALPHA2 trial and the EXPAND companion trial. 
 We are sponsoring two clinical trials in adult patients with R/R multiple myeloma, a Phase 1 clinical trial (the UNIVERSAL trial) of ALLO-715 and a Phase 1 clinical trial (the IGNITE trial) of ALLO-605, our first product candidate to incorporate our TurboCAR technology. TurboCAR technology allows cytokine signaling to be engineered selectively into CAR T cells and has shown the ability to improve the potency and persistence of the cells and to delay exhaustion of the cells in preclinical models. We are currently reviewing and optimizing the manufacturing process for our BCMA program and are not enrolling patients in the UNIVERSAL and IGNITE trials at this time. 
 
 We also continue to advance the Phase 1 clinical trial (the TRAVERSE trial) of ALLO-316, an allogeneic CAR T cell product candidate targeting CD70, in adult patients with advanced or metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC). Subject to results from the TRAVERSE trial, we may investigate the use of ALLO-316 for other solid tumor and hematologic indications. Subject to ongoing results in the TRAVERSE trial, we intend to complete planned dose exploration and initiate expansion cohort enrollment in 2023. We may also investigate ALLO-316 for other CD70 expressing solid tumors and hematologic indications. 
 Since inception, we have had significant operating losses. Our net loss was 332.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.2 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had 576.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and investments. We expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect our research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses will continue to increase. 
 
 Our Research and Development and License Agreements 
 Asset Contribution Agreement with Pfizer 
 In April 2018, we entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement (Pfizer Agreement) with Pfizer pursuant to which we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities from Pfizer, including agreements with Cellectis and Servier as described below, and other intellectual property for the development and administration of CAR T cells for the treatment of cancer. See Notes 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further description of the Pfizer Agreement. 
 Research Collaboration and License Agreement with Cellectis 
 In June 2014, Pfizer entered into a Research Collaboration and License Agreement with Cellectis. In April 2018, Pfizer assigned the agreement to us pursuant to the Pfizer Agreement. In March 2019, we terminated the agreement with Cellectis and entered into a new license agreement with Cellectis. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further descriptions of the prior agreement with Cellectis and the new license agreement with Cellectis. 
 Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement with Servier 
 In October 2015, Pfizer entered into an Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement (Servier Agreement) with Servier to develop, manufacture and commercialize certain allogeneic anti-CD19 CAR products, including UCART19, in the United States with the option to obtain the rights over certain additional allogeneic anti-CD19 CAR product candidates and for allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates directed against one additional target. In April 2018, Pfizer assigned the agreement to us pursuant to the Pfizer Agreement. In October 2019, we agreed to waive our rights to the one additional target. 
 On September 15, 2022, Servier sent a notice of discontinuation (Discontinuation) of its involvement in the development of all licensed products directed against CD19, including UCART19, ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A (collectively, CD19 Products), pursuant to the Servier Agreement. Servier s Discontinuation provides us with the right to elect a license to the CD19 Products outside of the United States (Ex-US Option) and does not otherwise affect our current exclusive license for the development and commercialization of CD19 Products in the United States. Upon any exercise of the Ex-US Option by us, our potential milestone payments with respect to ALLO-501A would increase for any first dosing in Phase 2, first dosing in Phase 3 and regulatory approval by 46 million in the aggregate. In addition, upon any such exercise of the Ex-US Option, Servier's obligation to reimburse us for 40 of the development costs for CD19 Products would cease. However, Servier has disputed the implications of the Discontinuation, namely whether development cost contributions continue and the timeframe during which we have the right to elect a license to CD19 Products outside of the United States. Moreover, in December 2022, Servier sent us a notice for material breach due to our purported refusal to allow an audit of certain manufacturing costs under 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 our cost share arrangement. While we do not believe Servier has such an audit right, we are currently progressing such audit with Servier to recover outstanding manufacturing costs owed by Servier to us. For more information, see Risk Factors Servier s Discontinuation of its involvement in the development of CD19 Products and our disputes with Servier may have adverse consequences." 
 See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further description of the Servier Agreement. 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with Notch 
 On November 1, 2019, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement (the Notch Agreement) with Notch Therapeutics Inc. (Notch), pursuant to which Notch granted us an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under certain of Notch s intellectual property to develop, make, use, sell, import, and otherwise commercialize therapeutic gene-edited T cell and/or natural killer cell products from induced pluripotent stem cells directed at certain CAR targets for initial application in NHL, ALL and multiple myeloma. In addition, Notch has granted us an option to add certain specified targets to our exclusive license in exchange for an agreed upon per-target option fee. 
 The Notch Agreement includes a research collaboration to conduct research and pre-clinical development activities to generate engineered cells directed to our exclusive targets, which will be conducted in accordance with an agreed research plan and budget under the oversight of a joint development committee. In connection with the execution of the Notch Agreement, we made an upfront payment to Notch of 10.0 million. In addition, we made a 5.0 million investment in Notch s series seed convertible preferred stock, resulting in us having a 25 ownership interest in Notch s outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis immediately following the investment. In February 2021, we made an additional 15.9 million investment in Notch's Series A preferred stock. In October 2021, we made an additional 1.8 million investment in Notch's common stock. Immediately following this transaction, our share in Notch was 23.0 on a voting interest basis. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further description of the Notch Agreement. 
 Strategic Alliance with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center 
 On October 6, 2020, we entered into a strategic five-year collaboration agreement with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (MD Anderson) for the preclinical and clinical investigation of allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further description of the agreement with MD Anderson. 
 License Agreement with Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited 
 On December 14, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement with Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (Allogene Overland), a joint venture established by us and Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. (Overland), pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and commercializing certain allogeneic CAR T cell therapies for patients in greater China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore (the JV Territory). Allogene Overland subsequently assigned the License Agreement to a wholly-owned subsidiary, Allogene Overland BioPharm (HK) Limited (Allogene Overland HK). On April 1, 2022, Allogene Overland HK assigned the License Agreement to Allogene Overland Biopharm (PRC) Co., Limited. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further description of the License Agreement and Share Purchase Agreement with Allogene Overland. 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with Antion 
 On January 5, 2022, we entered into an exclusive collaboration and global license agreement (Antion Agreement) with Antion Biosciences SA (Antion) for Antion s miRNA technology (miCAR), to advance multiplex gene silencing as an additional tool to develop next generation allogeneic CAR T products. Pursuant to the agreement, Antion will exclusively collaborate with us on oncology products for a defined period. We will also have exclusive worldwide rights to commercialize products incorporating Antion technology developed during the collaboration. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further description of the Antion Agreement. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 As of December 31, 2022, our revenue has been exclusively generated from our collaboration and license agreement with Allogene Overland Biopharm (PRC) Co., Limited. See Notes 1 and 6 to our consolidated financial statements appearing 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information related to our recognition of revenue and the Allogene Overland Biopharm (PRC) Co., Limited agreement. 
 In the future, we may generate revenue from a combination of product sales, government or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the timing and amount of license fees, milestones and other payments, and the amount and timing of payments that we receive upon the sale of our products, to the extent any are successfully commercialized. If we fail to complete the development of our product candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval of them, our ability to generate future revenue, and our results of operations and financial position, will be materially adversely affected. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 To date, our research and development expenses have related primarily to discovery efforts, preclinical and clinical development, and manufacturing of our product candidates. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 included costs associated with our clinical and preclinical stage pipeline candidates and research into newer technologies. The most significant research and development expenses relate to costs incurred for the development of our most advanced product candidates and include: 
 expenses incurred under agreements with our collaboration partners and third-party contract organizations, investigative clinical trial sites that conduct research and development activities on our behalf, and consultants; 
 costs related to production of clinical materials, including fees paid for raw materials and to contract manufacturers; 
 laboratory and vendor expenses related to the execution of preclinical and clinical trials; 
 employee-related expenses, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation; 
 facilities and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, depreciation and amortization expense and supplies; and 
 other significant research and development costs including overhead costs. 
 We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. We accrue for costs incurred as the services are being provided by monitoring the status of the project and the invoices received from our external service providers. We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements or license agreements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the milestone results are achieved. 
 We have reimbursed Servier for 60 of the costs associated with the prior development of UCART19, including for the long-term follow-up of patients in the CALM and PALL clinical trials of UCART19. We accrue for costs incurred by monitoring the status of clinical trials and the invoices received from Servier. We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known. We believe Servier is required to reimburse us for 40 of the costs associated with the development of ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A. Collaboration expenses and cost reimbursement are recorded on a net basis as a research and development expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in the future as our clinical programs progress and as we seek to initiate clinical trials of additional product candidates. The cost of advancing our manufacturing process as well as the cost of manufacturing product candidates for clinical trials are included in our research and development expense. We also expect to incur increased research and development expenses as we selectively identify and develop additional product candidates. However, it is difficult to determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of our current or future preclinical programs and clinical trials of our product candidates. 
 The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 per patient trial costs; 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 biomarker analysis costs; 
 the cost and timing of manufacturing for the trials; 
 the number of patients that participate in the trials; 
 the number of sites included in the trials; 
 the countries in which the trials are conducted; 
 the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 
 the total number of cells that patients receive; 
 the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 
 potential additional safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies, including to resolve any future clinical hold; 
 the duration of patient follow-up; and 
 the efficacy and safety profile of the product candidates. 
 In addition, the probability of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including safety, efficacy, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. We will determine which programs to pursue and how much to fund each program in response to the scientific and clinical success of each product candidate, as well as an assessment of each product candidate s commercial potential. 
 Because our product candidates are still in clinical and preclinical development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other staff-related costs, including stock-based compensation for options and restricted stock units granted. Other significant costs include costs relating to facilities and overhead costs, legal fees relating to corporate and patent matters, insurance, investor relations costs, fees for accounting and consulting services, information technology, costs and support for our board of directors and board committees, and other general and administrative costs. General and administrative costs are expensed as incurred, and we accrue for services provided by third parties related to the above expenses by monitoring the status of services provided and receiving estimates from our service providers, and adjusting our accruals as actual costs become known. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase over the next several years to support our continued research and development activities, manufacturing activities, potential commercialization of our product candidates and operating as a public company. These increases are anticipated to include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel, developing commercial infrastructure, fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, and costs associated with being a public company such as expenses related to services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing rules and SEC requirements, complying with and advancing environmental, social and governance matters, and insurance and investor relations costs. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net: 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 Interest and other income, net consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and investments, as well as investment gains and losses recognized during the period. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other expense consists of non-operating expenses, including our share of equity investments' net losses for the period. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The following sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Collaboration revenue - related party 243 38,489 (38,246) 38,489 Operating expenses: Research and development 256,387 220,176 192,987 36,211 27,189 General and administrative 79,305 74,105 65,256 5,200 8,849 Total operating expenses 335,692 294,281 258,243 41,411 36,038 Loss from operations (335,449) (255,792) (258,243) (79,657) 2,451 Other income (expense), net: Interest and other income, net 4,566 1,714 9,164 2,852 (7,450) Other expenses (1,749) (2,927) (1,142) 1,178 (1,785) Total other income (expense), net 2,817 (1,213) 8,022 4,030 (9,235) Net loss (332,632) (257,005) (250,221) (75,627) (6,784) 
 Collaboration revenue - related party 
 
 Collaboration revenue was 0.2 million and 38.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 38.2 million was due to the revenue recognized related to the license of intellectual property and delivery of the know-how performance obligation, which was primarily delivered in the first quarter of 2021, under the License Agreement entered into with Allogene Overland in December 2020. 
 
 Collaboration revenue was 38.5 million and zero for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Revenue recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021 was related to grant of license and delivery of the know-how performance obligation under the License Agreement entered into with Allogene Overland in December 2020. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 256.4 million and 220.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net increase of 36.2 million was primarily due to an increase in building rent and facilities costs of 15.7 million, an increase in personnel related costs of 15.3 million, of which 2.9 million was increased stock-based compensation expense, and an increase in external costs relating to the advancement of our product candidates of 2.2 million due to the timing of process development activities and manufacturing runs. 
 Research and development expenses were 220.2 million and 193.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The net increase of 27.2 million was primarily due to an increase in personnel related costs of 23.1 million, of which 8.3 million was increased stock-based compensation expense, an increase in allocated building rent and facilities costs of 10.8 million, offset by a decrease in external costs relating to the advancement of our product candidates of 9.4 million due to timing of process development activities and manufacturing runs. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 79.3 million and 74.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net increase of 5.2 million was primarily due to an increase in personnel related costs of 4.7 million, an increase in expenses related to corporate communications of 2.8 million, partially offset by a 1.5 million decrease in business and consulting fees. 
 General and administrative expenses were 74.1 million and 65.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The net increase of 8.8 million was primarily due to an increase in personnel related costs of 10.0 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which 7.3 million was increased stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a decrease in allocated building rent and facilities costs of 1.9 million. 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 Interest and other income, net was 4.6 million and 1.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2.9 million increase was due to higher yields and a corresponding increase in the interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investments. 
 Interest and other income, net was 1.7 million and 9.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 7.5 million decrease was due to lower overall investment balance, lower yields and a corresponding reduction in the interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investments. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 To date, we have incurred significant net losses and negative cash flows from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 576.5 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments. We believe that the aggregate of our current cash, cash equivalents and investments available for operations will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the SEC. 
 
 Our operations have been financed primarily by net proceeds from the sale and issuance of our convertible preferred stock, the issuance of convertible promissory notes, net proceeds from our IPO, our at-the-market (ATM) offerings, our June 2020 underwritten public offering, and upfront cash payment of 40.0 million received in December 2020 pursuant to our License Agreement with Allogene Overland. In connection with our IPO in 2018, we sold an aggregate of 20,700,000 shares of our common stock (inclusive of 2,700,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters) at a price of 18.00 per share and received approximately 343.3 million in net proceeds. In November 2019, we entered into a sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC (Cowen), as amended on November 2, 2022, under which we may from time to time issue and sell shares of our common stock through Cowen in ATM offerings for an aggregate offering price of up to 250.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we sold an aggregate of 848,663 shares of common stock in ATM offerings resulting in net proceeds of 26.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, 167.3 million remains available for sale under the sales agreement with Cowen. 
 In June 2020, we sold 13,457,447 shares of our common stock, which included 1,755,319 shares sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, in an underwritten public offering at a price of 47.00 per share, which resulted in net proceeds of approximately 595.7 million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses. 
 Capital Resources 
 Our primary use of cash is for operating expenses, which consist primarily of clinical manufacturing and research and development expenditures related to our lead product candidates, other research efforts, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 Our product candidates are still in the early stages of clinical and preclinical development and the outcome of these efforts is uncertain. Accordingly, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration and license arrangements. If, and when, we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we will need to delay, reduce or terminate planned activities to reduce costs. Doing so will likely harm our ability to execute our business plans. 
 Cash Flows 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (220,519) (184,812) (115,093) Investing activities 106,159 163,655 (505,123) Financing activities 2,950 11,963 633,591 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (111,410) (9,194) 13,375 
 Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities of 220.5 million was attributable to a net loss of 332.6 million, substantially offset by non-cash charges of 108.4 million and a net change of 3.7 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges consisted primarily of stock-based compensation of 83.6 million, depreciation and amortization of 14.3 million, share of losses from equity method investments of 5.2 million, net amortization and accretion on investment securities of 2.9 million, and non-cash rent expense of 2.4 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 4.9 million increase in accounts payable, a 2.5 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets, a 1.7 million increase in accrued and other current liabilities, and a 0.5 million increase in deferred revenue within current liabilities, offset by an increase in other long term assets of 3.3 million and a decrease in other long-term liabilities of 2.6 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities of 184.8 million was attributable to a net loss of 257.0 million, substantially offset by non-cash charges of 104.3 million and a net change of 32.1 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges consisted primarily of stock-based compensation of 80.8 million, depreciation and amortization of 10.5 million, net amortization and accretion on investment securities of 7.0 million, share of losses from equity method investments of 3.4 million, and non-cash rent expense of 2.6 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 38.6 million decrease in deferred revenue within current liabilities, a 3.7 million increase in accrued and other current liabilities, a 0.8 million decrease in accounts payable, and a 0.6 million increase in other long term assets, offset by a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 3.2 million and an increase in other-long term liabilities of 1.0 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities of 115.1 million was attributable to a net loss of 250.2 million, substantially offset by non-cash charges of 81.2 million and a net change of 53.9 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges consisted primarily of stock-based compensation of 65.3 million, depreciation and amortization of 7.4 million, non-cash rent expense of 4.0 million and net amortization and accretion on investment securities of 3.3 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a 39.0 million increase in deferred revenue within current liabilities, a 18.7 million increase in accrued and other current liabilities and 0.6 million increase in accounts payable, offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 3.2 million and a decrease in other-long term liabilities of 1.3 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities of 106.2 million was related to cash inflows from maturities of investments of 359.5 million, offset by the purchase of investments of 248.1 million and purchases of property and equipment of 5.2 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by investing activities of 163.7 million was related to cash inflows from maturities of investments of 728.4 million, offset by the purchase of investments of 525.6 million, purchases of property and equipment of 21.4 million, and purchase of stock in equity method investment of 17.7 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash used in investing activities of 505.1 million was related to the purchase of investments of 1.0 billion and purchases of property and equipment of 66.0 million, offset by cash inflows from maturities of investments of 593.6 million and cash inflows from sales of investments of 4.8 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 3.0 million was related to proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan of 2.5 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon the exercise of stock options of 0.5 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities of 12.0 million was related to proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon the exercise of stock options of 8.3 million and proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan of 3.6 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities of 633.6 million was related to net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in ATM offerings and an underwritten public offering of 621.9 million, proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon the exercise of stock options of 8.8 million and proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan of 2.8 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Material Cash Commitments and Requirements 
 Our commitments primarily consist of obligations under our agreements with Pfizer, Cellectis, Servier and Notch. Under these agreements we are required to make milestone payments upon successful completion of certain regulatory and sales milestones on a target-by-target and country-by-country basis. The payment obligations under the license agreements are contingent upon future events such as our achievement of specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and we will be required to make development milestone payments and royalty payments in connection with the sale of products developed under these agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we were unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of achieving the milestones or making future product sales. For additional information regarding our agreements, see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Our operating lease obligations primarily consist of lease payments on our research, lab and office facilities in South San Francisco, California, as well as lease payments on our cell manufacturing facility in Newark, California. For additional information regarding our lease obligations, see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Additionally, we have entered into agreements with third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacture and processing of certain of our product candidates for clinical testing purposes, and we have entered and will enter into other contracts in the normal course of business with contract research organizations for clinical trials and other vendors for other services and products for operating purposes. These agreements generally provide for termination or cancellation, other than for costs already incurred. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had non-cancellable purchase commitments of 0.3 million. 
 On October 6, 2020, we announced we entered into a strategic five-year collaboration agreement with MD Anderson for the preclinical and clinical investigation of allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates. We and MD Anderson are collaborating on the design and conduct of preclinical and clinical studies with oversight from a joint steering committee. Under the terms of the agreement, we have committed up to 15.0 million of funding for the duration of the agreement. Payment of this funding is contingent on mutual agreement to study orders in order for any study to be included under the alliance. We made an upfront payment of 3.0 million to MD Anderson in the year ended December 31, 2020. We are obligated to make further payments to MD Anderson each year upon the anniversary of the agreement effective date through the duration of the agreement term. The agreement may be terminated by either party for material breach by the other party. Individual studies may be terminated for, among other things, material breach, health and safety concerns or where the institutional review board, the review board at the clinical site with oversight of the clinical study, requests termination of any study. Where any legal or regulatory authorization is finally withdrawn or terminated, the relevant study will also terminate automatically. 
 In July 2020, we entered into a Solar Power Purchase and Energy Services Agreement for the installation and operation of a solar photovoltaic generating system and battery energy storage system at our manufacturing facility in Newark, California. The agreement has a term of 20 years and commenced in September 2022. We are obligated to pay for electricity generated from the system at an agreed rate for the duration of the agreement term. Termination of the agreement by us will result in a termination payment due of approximately 4.3 million. In connection with the agreement, we maintain a letter of credit for the benefit of the service provider in the amount of 4.3 million. 
 We also have a Change in Control and Severance Plan that require the funding of specific payments, if certain events occur, such as a change of control and the termination of employment without cause. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with accrued research and development expenditures, revenue recognition, research and development expenses, stock-based compensation and leases have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 Accrued Research and Development Costs 
 We accrue liabilities for estimated costs of research and development activities conducted by our collaboration partners and third-party service providers, which include the conduct of preclinical and clinical studies, and contract manufacturing activities. We recorded the estimated costs of research and development activities based upon the estimated amount of services provided but not yet invoiced, and includes these costs in the accrued and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and within research and development expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 We accrue for these costs based on factors such as estimates of the work completed in accordance with agreements established with our collaboration partners and third-party service providers. We make estimates in determining the accrued liabilities balance in each reporting period. As actual costs become known, we adjust its accrued liabilities. We have not experienced any material differences between accrued costs and actual costs incurred since our inception. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our revenue is generated through collaboration research and license agreements. The terms of these agreements may contain multiple deliverables which may include (i) grant of licenses, (ii) transfer of know-how, (iii) research and development activities, (iii) clinical manufacturing and, (iv) product supply. The payment terms of these agreements may include nonrefundable upfront fees, payments for research and development activities, payments based upon the achievement of certain milestones, royalty payments based on product sales derived from the collaboration, and payments for supplying product. 
 We analyze our collaboration arrangements to assess whether they are within the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (ASC 808) to determine whether such arrangements involve joint operating activities performed by parties that are both active participants in the activities and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of such activities. This assessment is performed throughout the life of the arrangement based on changes in the responsibilities of all parties in the arrangement. For collaboration arrangements within the scope of ASC 808 that contain multiple elements, we first determine which elements of the collaboration are deemed to be within the scope of ASC 808 and those that are more reflective of a vendor-customer relationship and, therefore, within the scope of Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606). For elements of collaboration arrangements that are accounted for pursuant to ASC 808, an appropriate recognition method is determined and applied consistently, generally by analogy to Topic 606. 
 For elements of those arrangements that we determine should be accounted for under ASC 606, we assess which activities in our collaboration agreements are performance obligations that should be accounted for separately and determine the transaction price of the arrangement, which includes the assessment of the probability of achievement of future milestones and other potential consideration. A performance obligation represents a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer, which represents a unit of accounting in accordance with ASC 606. A performance obligation is considered distinct from other obligations in a contract when it provides a benefit to the customer either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and is separately identified in the contract. We consider a performance obligation satisfied once we have transferred control of a good or service to the customer, meaning the customer has the ability to use and obtain the benefit of the good or service. A portion of the consideration should be allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The total consideration which we expect to collect in exchange for our products is an estimate and may be fixed or variable. We constrain the estimated 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 variable consideration when we assess it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized may occur in future periods. The transaction price is re-evaluated, including the estimated variable consideration included in the transaction price and all constrained amounts, in each reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. The allocation of the transaction price is performed based on standalone selling prices, which are based on estimated amounts that we would charge for a performance obligation if it were sold separately. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations in the contracts are satisfied, in the amount reflecting the expected consideration to be received from the goods or services transferred to the customers. Funds received in advance are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized as the related performance obligation is satisfied. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. Acquired intangible assets are expensed as research and development costs if, at the time of payment, the technology is under development; is not approved by the FDA or other regulatory agencies for marketing; has not reached technical feasibility; or otherwise has no foreseeable alternative future use. 
 Research and development expenses also include costs incurred for internal and sponsored and collaborative research and development activities. Research and development costs consist of salaries and benefits, including associated stock-based compensation, and laboratory supplies and facility costs, as well as fees paid to other entities that conduct certain research and development activities on our behalf. Costs associated with co-development activities performed under the various license and collaboration agreements, including milestones achieved, are included in research and development expenses. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We recognize compensation costs related to stock-based awards granted to employees and directors, including stock options, based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. We estimate the grant date fair value, and the resulting stock-based compensation, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model or the lattice option pricing model, whichever provides us the more precise grant fair value. The gr ant date fair value of the stock-based awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective awards. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the lattice option pricing model require the use of subjective assumptions to determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include: 
 Fair value of common stock For grants before October 2018 when we were private and there was no public market for our common stock, the fair value of our common stock underlying share-based awards was estimated on each grant date by our board of directors. In order to determine the fair value of our common stock underlying option grants, our board of directors considered, among other things, valuations of our common stock prepared by an unrelated third-party valuation firm in accordance with the guidance provided by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . For all grants subsequent to our IPO in October 2018, the fair value of common stock was determined by taking the closing price per share of common stock per Nasdaq. 
 Expected term The expected term represents the period that stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for option grants is determined using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the stock-based awards. 
 Expected volatility We use an average historical stock price volatility of comparable public companies within the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry that were deemed to be representative of future stock price trends, in addition to some consideration to our own stock price volatility. We continue to utilize comparable public companies as part of this process as we do not have sufficient trading history for our common stock. We will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available. 
 Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of option. 
 Expected dividend We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Expected exercise barrier The modified options in accordance with the Stock Option Exchange Program are assumed to be exercised upon vesting and when the ratio of stock market price to exercise price reaches 2.57, or expiration, whichever is earlier. For additional information regarding our Stock Option Exchange Program, see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, stock-based compensation was 83.6 million, 80.8 million and 65.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 153.6 million and 169.6 million, respectively, of total unrecognized stock-based compensation. 
 Leases 
 We early adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases as of January 1, 2018. For our long-term operating leases, we recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The lease liabilities are determined as the present value of future lease payments using an estimated rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow equivalent funds on a collateralized basis at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use assets are based on the liability adjusted for any prepaid or deferred rent. For each lease, the lease term at the commencement date is determined by considering whether renewal options and termination options are reasonably assured of exercise. 
 Rent expense for the operating lease is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Variable lease payments include lease operating expenses. 
 We elected to exclude from our consolidated balance sheets recognition of leases having a term of 12 months or less (short-term leases) and elected to not separate lease components and non-lease components for our long-term real estate leases. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of new accounting standards and updates that may impact us. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and investments of 576.5 million as of December 31, 2022, consist of bank deposits, money market funds and available-for-sale securities. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk; however, historical fluctuations in interest income have not been significant for us. A 10 change in the interest rates in effect on December 31, 2022 would not have had a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Our collaboration agreement with Servier requires collaboration payments for shared clinical development costs to be paid in euros, and thus we face foreign exchange risk as a result of entering into transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Due to the uncertain timing of expected payments in foreign currencies, we do not utilize any forward exchange contracts. All foreign transactions settle on the applicable spot exchange basis at the time such payments are made. An adverse movement in foreign exchange rates could have an effect on payments due and made to our collaboration partner as well as other foreign suppliers and for license agreements. A 10 change in the applicable foreign exchange rates during the periods presented would not have had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.5 million of other receivables and 0.3 million of current liabilities denominated in foreign currency. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 93 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 97 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 98 

92 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 
 
 February 28, 2023 

93 

Table of Contents 

 ALLOGENE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments Operating lease right-of-use asset Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Other long-term assets Equity method investment Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Lease liability, noncurrent Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 6 and 7) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value: and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 ALLOGENE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Collaboration revenue - related party Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense), net: Interest and other income, net Other expenses ) ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments ) ) ) Net comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 ALLOGENE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2019 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and vesting of RSUs Vesting of early exercised common stock Stock-based compensation Employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock from public ATM offering, net of commissions and offering costs of million 
 Issuance of common stock from public offering, net of commissions and offering costs of million 
 Net loss ) ) Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and vesting of RSUs Vesting of early exercised common stock Stock-based compensation Employee stock purchase plan Net loss ) ) Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and vesting of RSU's 
 Vesting of early exercised common stock 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Employee stock purchase plan 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments 
 ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 ALLOGENE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation Amortization of other intangible assets acquired Depreciation and amortization Net amortization/accretion on investment securities Non-cash rent expense Share of losses from equity method investments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other long-term assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other current liabilities Deferred revenue ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of stock in equity method investment ) Proceeds from sales of investments Proceeds from maturities of investments Purchase of investments ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock from ATM offering, net of commissions and issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock from public offering, net of commissions and issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock and upon exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities: Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease liability Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable and accrued and other current liabilities Capitalized cloud computing costs included in accounts payable and accrued and other current liabilities Supplemental disclosure: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities ) ) ) Cash received for amounts related to tenant improvement allowances from lessors 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 ALLOGENE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 
 million. The aggregate compensation payable to Cowen as the Company's sales agent equals up to of the gross sales price of the shares sold through it pursuant to the sales agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of common stock in ATM offerings resulting in net proceeds of million. As of December 31, 2022, million remains available for sale under the sales agreement with Cowen. 
 In June 2020, the Company sold shares of its common stock, which included shares sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, in an underwritten public offering at a price of per share, which resulted in gross proceeds of approximately million. Net proceeds to the Company after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses were approximately million. 
 Need for Additional Capital 
 The Company has sustained operating losses and expects to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. The Company s ultimate success depends on the outcome of its research and development activities as well as the ability to commercialize the Company s product candidates. The Company had cash, cash equivalents and investments of million as of December 31, 2022. Since inception through December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred cumulative net losses of million. Management expects to incur additional losses in the future to fund its operations and conduct product research and development and recognizes the need to raise additional capital to fully implement its business plan. 
 The Company intends to raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities, debt financings or other sources in order to further implement its business plan. However, if such financing is not available at adequate levels, the Company will need to reevaluate its operating plan and may be required to delay the development of its product candidates. The Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund its operations for at least the next 12 months from the date the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 98 

Table of Contents 

reportable segment. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in other expense. 
 years Computer equipment and purchased software - years 
 Fixtures and furniture years Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or useful life 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

101 

Table of Contents 

million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were impairment losses related to equipment disposals for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 
 Note 3. 
 Level 3 assets or liabilities at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. treasury securities U.S. agency securities Total financial assets 
 Included within cash and cash equivalents on the Company s consolidated balance sheet 
 Financial assets subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis and the level of inputs used in such measurements by major security type as of December 31, 2021 are presented in the following table: 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value (in thousands) Financial Assets: Money market funds Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. treasury securities U.S. agency securities Total financial assets 
 Included within cash and cash equivalents on the Company s consolidated balance sheet 
 The carrying amounts of accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their short-term maturities. The Company s Level 2 securities are valued using third-party pricing sources. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
 There were no transfers of assets between the fair value measurement levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Note 4. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. treasury securities ) U.S. agency securities ) Total cash equivalents and investments ) Classified as: Cash equivalents Short-term investments Long-term investments Total cash equivalents, and investments 
 The fair value and amortized cost of cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities by major security type as of December 31, 2021 are presented in the following table: 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Money market funds Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. treasury securities ) U.S. agency securities ) Total cash equivalents and investments ) Classified as: Cash equivalents Short-term investments Long-term investments Total cash equivalents, and investments 
 The Company believes that it is more likely than not that investments in an unrealized loss position will be held until maturity and all interest and principal will be received. The Company does not intend to sell these investments and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Due in 1 - 2 years Due in 3 years Instruments not due at a single maturity date Total cash equivalents and investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining contractual maturities of available-for-sale securities were less than . There have been no significant realized losses on available-for-sale securities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities are not attributed to credit risk. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that investments in an unrealized loss position will be held until maturity and all interest and principal will be received. The Company believes that an allowance for credit losses is unnecessary because the unrealized losses on certain of the Company s available-for-sale securities are due to market factors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities with a fair value of million and , respectively, were in a continuous net unrealized loss position for more than 12 months. To date, the Company has not recorded any impairment charges on available-for-sale securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of accrued interest receivable from available-for-sale securities within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Laboratory equipment Computer equipment and purchased software Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Total Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Disposals of property and equipment were less than million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Disposals of property and equipment were for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued research and development expenses Accrued lease liability Unvested shares liability Other Total accrued and other current liabilities 

Note 6. 
 million or million, depending on the target, with aggregate potential regulatory and development milestones of up to million, provided that the Company is not obligated to pay a milestone for regulatory approval in the European Union for an anti-CD19 allogeneic CAR T cell product, to the extent Servier has commercial rights to such territory. The aggregate potential milestone payments upon reaching certain annual net sales thresholds in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia and Oceania (the Territory) for a certain number of targets covered by the Pfizer Agreement are million per target. The sales milestones in the foregoing sentence are payable on a country-by-country basis until the last to expire of any Pfizer Royalty Term, as described below, for any product in such country in the Territory. In October 2019, the Territory was expanded to all countries in the world. milestone or royalty payments were made in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Pfizer is also eligible to receive, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, royalties in single-digit percentages on annual net sales for products covered by the Pfizer Agreement or that use certain Pfizer intellectual property and for which an IND is first filed on or before April 6, 2023. The Company s royalty obligation with respect to a given product in a given country begins upon the first sale of such product in such country and ends on the later of (i) expiration of the last claim of any applicable patent or (ii) years from the first sale of such product in such country. 
 Research Collaboration and License Agreement with Cellectis 
 As part of the Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer assigned to the Company a Research Collaboration and License Agreement (the Original Cellectis Agreement) with Cellectis S.A. (Cellectis). On March 8, 2019, the Company entered into a License Agreement (the Cellectis Agreement) with Cellectis. In connection with the execution of the Cellectis Agreement, on March 8, 2019, the Company and Cellectis also entered into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement), pursuant to which the Company and Cellectis agreed to terminate the Original Cellectis Agreement. The Original Cellectis Agreement included a research collaboration to conduct discovery and pre-clinical development activities to generate CAR T cells directed at targets selected by each party, which was completed in June 2018. 
 Pursuant to the Cellectis Agreement, Cellectis granted to the Company an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license, on a target-by-target basis, with sublicensing rights under certain conditions, under certain of Cellectis s intellectual property, including its TALEN and electroporation technology, to make, use, sell, import, and otherwise exploit and commercialize CAR T products directed at certain targets, including BCMA, CD70, Claudin 18.2, DLL3 and FLT3 (the Allogene Targets), for human oncologic therapeutic, diagnostic, prophylactic and prognostic purposes. In addition, certain Cellectis intellectual property rights granted by Cellectis to the Company and to Servier pursuant to the Exclusive License and 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 million per product that is directed against an Allogene Target, with aggregate potential development and sales milestone payments totaling up to billion. Cellectis is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on annual worldwide net sales of any products that are commercialized by the Company that contain or incorporate, are made using or are claimed or covered by, Cellectis intellectual property licensed to the Company under the Cellectis Agreement (the Allogene Products), at rates in the high single-digit percentages. Such royalties may be reduced, on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, for generic entry and for payments due under licenses of third party patents. Pursuant to the Cellectis Agreement, and subject to certain exceptions, the Company is required to indemnify Cellectis against all third party claims related to the development, manufacturing, commercialization or use of any Allogene Product or arising out of the Company s material breach of the representations, warranties or covenants set forth in the Cellectis Agreement, and Cellectis is required, subject to certain exceptions, to indemnify the Company against all third party claims related to the development, manufacturing, commercialization or use of CAR T products directed at Cellectis Targets or arising out of Cellectis s material breach of the representations, warranties or covenants set forth in the Cellectis Agreement. 
 The royalties are payable, on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, until the later of (i) the expiration of the last to expire of the licensed patents covering such product; (ii) the loss of regulatory exclusivity afforded such product in such country, and (iii) the tenth anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of such product in such country; however, in no event shall such royalties be payable, with respect to a particular licensed product, past the twentieth anniversary of the first commercial sale for such product. 
 Depending on the Cellectis Target, the Company has a right of first refusal or right of first negotiation to purchase or license from Cellectis rights to develop and commercialize products against such Cellectis Targets. 
 Under the Cellectis Agreement, the Company has certain diligence obligations to progress the development of CAR T product candidates and to commercialize one CAR T product per Allogene Target in one major market country where the Company has received regulatory approval. If the Company materially breaches any of its diligence obligations and fails to cure within 90 days, then with respect to certain targets, such target will cease to be an Allogene Target and instead will become a Cellectis Target. 
 Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, the Cellectis Agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, upon expiration of all royalty payment obligations with respect to such licensed product in such country. The Company has the right to terminate the Cellectis Agreement at will upon 60 days prior written notice, either in its entirety or on a target-by-target basis. Either party may terminate the Cellectis Agreement, in its entirety or on a target-by-target basis, upon 90 days prior written notice in the event of the other party s uncured material breach. The Cellectis Agreement may also be terminated by the Company upon written notice at any time in the event that Cellectis becomes bankrupt or insolvent or upon written notice within 60 days of a consummation of a change of control of Cellectis. 
 All costs the Company incurred in connection with this agreement were recognized as research and development expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, clinical development milestones were achieved. For the year ended December 31, 2021, million of costs were incurred related to the achievement of clinical development milestones under this agreement. 
 License and Collaboration Agreement with Servier 
 As part of the Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer assigned to the Company an Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement (the Servier Agreement), with Les Laboratoires Servier SAS and Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier SAS (collectively, Servier) to develop, manufacture and commercialize certain allogeneic anti-CD19 CAR T cell product candidates, including UCART19, in the United States with the option to obtain the rights over additional anti-CD19 product candidates and for allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates directed against one additional target. In October 2019, the Company agreed to waive its rights to the one additional target. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 of the specified development costs and Servier is responsible for the remaining of the specified development costs under the applicable global research and development plan. Subject to certain restrictions, each party has the right to conduct activities that are specific to its territory outside the global research and development plan at such party s sole expense. In addition, each party is solely responsible for commercialization activities in its territory at such party s sole expense. 
 The Company is required to make milestone payments to Servier upon successful completion of regulatory and sales milestones. The Servier Agreement provides for aggregate potential payments by the Company to Servier of up to million upon successful completion of various regulatory milestones, and aggregate potential payments by the Company to Servier of up to million upon successful completion of various sales milestones. Similarly, Servier is required to make milestone payments upon successful completion of regulatory and sales milestones for products directed at the Allogene-target covered by the Servier Agreement that achieves such milestones. The total potential payments that Servier is obligated to make to the Company under the Servier Agreement upon successful completion of regulatory and sales milestones are million and million million), respectively. The foregoing milestones are subject to certain adjustments if the Company obtains rights for certain products outside of the United States upon Servier s election not to pursue such rights. 
 Each party is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on annual net sales in countries within the paying party s respective territory of any licensed products that are commercialized by such party that are directed at the targets licensed by such party under the Servier Agreement. The royalty rates are in a range from the low tens to the high teen percentages. Such royalties may be reduced for interchangeable drug entry, expiration of patent rights and amounts paid pursuant to licenses of third-party patents. The royalty obligation for each party with respect to a given licensed product in a given country in each party s respective territory (the Servier Royalty Term) begins upon the first commercial sale of such product in such country and ends after a defined number of years. 
 Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the Servier Agreement, the Servier Agreement will continue, on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, until the Servier Royalty Term with respect to the sale of such licensed product in such country expires. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million, respectively, of net cost recoveries under the cost-sharing terms of the Servier Agreement as a reduction to research and development expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due from Servier of million and million, respectively, were recorded in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, million in costs were incurred related to the achievement of a clinical development milestone under the Servier Agreement. clinical development milestones were achieved for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 On September 15, 2022, Servier sent a notice of discontinuation (Discontinuation) of its involvement in the development of all licensed products directed against CD19, including UCART19, ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A (collectively, CD19 Products), pursuant to the Servier Agreement. Servier s Discontinuation provides the Company with the right to elect a license to the CD19 Products outside of the United States (Ex-US Option) and does not otherwise affect the Company's current exclusive license for the development and commercialization of CD19 Products in the United States. However, Servier has disputed the implications of the Discontinuation, namely whether development cost contributions continue and the timeframe during which the Company has the right to elect a license to CD19 Products outside of the United States. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 million in return for a license to access Notch's technology in order to conduct research pursuant to the Notch Agreement. The Company recognized a research and development expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2019 as the license had no foreseeable alternative future use. In addition, Allogene made a million investment in Notch s series seed convertible preferred stock, resulting in Allogene having a ownership interest in Notch s outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis immediately following the investment. In connection with this investment, an Allogene representative serves on the Notch Board of Directors. In February 2021, the Company made an additional million investment in Notch's Series A preferred stock. In October 2021, the Company made an additional million investment in Notch's common stock. Immediately following this transaction, the Company's share in Notch was on a voting interest basis. The Company did not have a controlling interest in Notch as of December 31, 2022, and continued to account for its investment in Notch as an equity method investment. 
 Under the Notch Agreement, Notch will be eligible to receive up to million upon achieving certain agreed research milestones, up to million per exclusive target upon achieving certain pre-clinical development milestones, and up to million per exclusive target and cell type (i.e., T cell or NK cell) upon achieving certain clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones. Notch is also entitled to receive tiered royalties in the mid to high single digit range on Allogene s sales of licensed products, subject to certain reductions, for a term, on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, commencing on first commercial sale of such product in such country and continuing until the latest of (i) the date upon which there is no valid claim of the licensed patents in such country of sale that covers such product, (ii) the expiration of applicable data or other regulatory exclusivity in such country of sale or (iii) a defined period from the first commercial sale of such product in such country. 
 The terms of the Notch Agreement will continue on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until Allogene s payment obligations with respect to such product in such country have expired. Following such expiration, Allogene s license with respect to such product and country shall be perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid up and royalty-free. Allogene may terminate the Collaboration Agreement in whole or on a product-by-product basis upon ninety days prior written notice to Notch. Either party may also terminate the Collaboration Agreement with written notice upon material breach by the other party, if such breach has not been cured within a defined period of receiving such notice, or in the event of the other party s insolvency. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million, respectively, in collaboration costs as research and development expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, million in costs were incurred related to the achievement of a research milestone under this agreement. milestones were achieved for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 collaboration agreement with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (MD Anderson) for the preclinical and clinical investigation of allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates. The Company and MD Anderson are collaborating on the design and conduct of preclinical and clinical studies with oversight from a joint steering committee. 
 Under the terms of the agreement, the Company has committed up to million of funding for the duration of the agreement. Payment of this funding is contingent on mutual agreement to study orders in order for any study to be included under the alliance. The Company made an upfront payment of million to MD Anderson in the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company is obligated to make further payments to MD Anderson each year upon the anniversary of the agreement effective date through the duration of the agreement term. These costs are expensed to research and development as MD Anderson renders the services under the strategic alliance. 
 The agreement may be terminated by either party for material breach by the other party. Individual studies may be terminated for, among other things, material breach, health and safety concerns or where the institutional review board, the review board at the clinical site with oversight of the clinical study, requests termination of any study. Where any legal or regulatory authorization is finally withdrawn or terminated, the relevant study will also terminate automatically. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and , respectively, in collaboration costs under this agreement as research and development expenses. 
 Joint Venture and License Agreement with Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited 
 On December 14, 2020, the Company entered into a License Agreement with Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (Allogene Overland), a joint venture established by the Company and Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. (Overland), pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and commercializing certain allogeneic CAR T cell therapies for patients in greater China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore (the JV Territory). 
 Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired Seed Preferred Shares in Allogene Overland representing of Allogene Overland's outstanding stock as partial consideration for the License Agreement, and Overland acquired Seed Preferred Shares representing of Allogene Overland's outstanding stock for million in upfront and certain quarterly cash payments, to support operations of Allogene Overland. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and Overland are the sole equity holders in Allogene Overland. The Company received million from Allogene Overland as partial consideration for the License Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the License Agreement, the Company granted Allogene Overland an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize certain allogeneic CAR T cell candidates directed at four targets, BCMA, CD70, FLT3, and DLL3, in the JV Territory. As consideration, the Company would also be entitled to additional regulatory milestone payments of up to million and, subject to certain conditions, tiered low-to-mid single-digit sales royalties. Subsequent to entering into the License Agreement, Allogene Overland assigned the License Agreement to a wholly-owned subsidiary, Allogene Overland BioPharm (HK) Limited. On April 1, 2022, Allogene Overland HK assigned the License Agreement to Allogene Overland Biopharm (PRC) Co., Limited. 
 Promises that the Company concluded were distinct performance obligations in the License Agreement included: (1) the license of intellectual property and delivery of know-how, (2) the manufacturing license, related know-how and support, (3) if and when available know-how developed in future periods, and (4) participation in the joint steering committee. 
 In order to determine the transaction price, the Company evaluated all the payments to be received during the duration of the contract. Fixed consideration exists in the form of the upfront payment. Regulatory milestones and royalties were considered variable consideration. The Company constrains the estimated variable consideration when it assesses it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized may occur in future periods. Milestone fees were constrained and not included in the transaction price due to the uncertainties of research and development. The Company re-evaluates the transaction price, including the estimated variable consideration included in the transaction price and all constrained amounts, in each reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. The shares of Series Seed Preferred Stock were accounted for as part of the Company s joint venture and equity method accounting upon formation of the joint venture, and as such, were excluded from the transaction price. The Company determined that the initial transaction price consists of the upfront payment of million. The allocation of the transaction price is performed 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and , respectively, of collaboration revenue, primarily related to the delivery of a performance obligation consisting of a license of intellectual property and related know-how which was delivered in the first quarter of 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of net cost recoveries under the terms of the license agreement as a reduction to research and development expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded net cost recoveries. 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with Antion 
 On January 5, 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive collaboration and global license agreement (Antion Collaboration and License Agreement) with Antion Biosciences SA (Antion) for Antion s miRNA technology (miCAR), to advance multiplex gene silencing as an additional tool to develop next generation allogeneic CAR T products. Pursuant to the agreement, Antion will exclusively collaborate with the Company on oncology products for a defined period. The Company will also have exclusive worldwide rights to commercialize products incorporating Antion technology developed during the collaboration. 
 The Antion Collaboration and License Agreement includes an exclusive research collaboration to conduct research and development of the use of Antion s proprietary technologies to produce certain products for a defined period, which will be conducted in accordance with an agreed research plan and budget under the oversight of a joint steering committee. The Company will reimburse Antion's costs incurred in accordance with such plan and budget. 
 In connection with the execution of the Antion Collaboration and License Agreement, the Company made an upfront payment to Antion of million in return for a license to access Antion's technology in order to conduct research pursuant to the agreement. The upfront payment was fully recognized as research and development expense as the license had no foreseeable alternative future use. In addition, the Company made a million investment in Antion's preferred stock and is expected to make an additional million investment in Antion's preferred stock upon achievement of an agreed milestone. The Company accounts for its investment in Antion's preferred stock as an equity investment measured at cost less any impairment. In connection with this investment, a Company representative was appointed to Antion s Board of Directors. 
 Under the Antion Collaboration and License Agreement, Antion will be eligible to receive up to million for four products upon achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones. For each additional product, Antion will be eligible to receive million upon achievement of a regulatory milestone. Antion is also entitled to receive a low single-digit royalty on the Company s sales of licensed products, subject to certain reductions. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million in research and development expenses related to the upfront payment and collaboration costs, of which million is recorded in accrued and other liabilities as of December 31, 2022. The Company's total equity investment in Antion was million as of December 31, 2022 and is recognized in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 7. 
 square feet located in South San Francisco, California. The lease term was months beginning August 2018 through February 2029 with an option to extend the term for years which was not reasonably assured of exercise. The Company has made certain tenant improvements, including the addition of laboratory space, and has 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 million of tenant improvement allowances up to December 31, 2022. The rent payments began on March 1, 2019 after an abatement period. In December 2021, the Company amended its lease agreement to lease an additional square feet of office and laboratory space in South San Francisco, California, as part of the same building as the Company s current headquarters. The lease term commenced in April 2022 and is for a period of months. The rent payments for the expansion premises began in August 2022 after an abatement period. The lease term for the existing premises was also extended and the lease for both the existing and expansion premises will expire on March 31, 2032 with an option to extend the term for years which is not reasonably assured of exercise. 
 In October 2018, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement for office and laboratory space which consists of square feet located in South San Francisco, California. The lease term was months beginning November 2018 through February 2029, with an option to extend the term for another years which was not reasonably assured of exercise. The Company has made certain tenant improvements, including the upgrading of current office and laboratory space with a lease incentive allowance of million. Rent payments began in November 2018. In December 2021, the Company amended its lease agreement to extend the term of the lease to be co-terminus with the HQ Lease. The lease term will expire March 31, 2032 with an option to extend the term for years which is not reasonably assured of exercise. 
 In February 2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately square feet of space to develop a cell therapy manufacturing facility in Newark, California. The lease term is months and began in November 2020. Upon certain conditions, the Company has options to extend the lease, both of which are not reasonably assured of exercise. The Company has received million of tenant improvement allowances for costs related to the design and construction of certain Company improvements. 
 The Company maintains letters of credit for the benefit of landlords which is disclosed as restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheet. Restricted cash related to letters of credit due to landlords was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Long-term portion of lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 Variable lease cost Total lease costs 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million and was included in net cash used in operating activities in the Company's consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Present value adjustment ) Total 
 Operating lease liabilities are based on the net present value of the remaining lease payments over the remaining lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate. The weighted average discount rate used to determine the operating lease liability was . As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases is years. 
 Rent expense for short-term leases was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Certain lease agreements require the Company to return designated areas of leased space to its original condition upon termination of the lease agreement. At the inception of such leases, the Company records an asset retirement obligation and a corresponding capital asset in an amount equal to the estimated fair value of the obligation. To determine the fair value of the obligation, the Company estimates the cost for a third-party to perform the restoration work. In subsequent periods, for each asset retirement obligation, the Company records interest expense to accrete the asset retirement obligation liability to full value and depreciate each capitalized asset retirement obligation asset, both over the term of the associated lease agreement. Asset retirement obligations were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 Other Commitments 
 Solar Power Purchase and Energy Services Agreement 
 In July 2020, the Company entered into a Solar Power Purchase and Energy Services Agreement for the installation and operation of a solar photovoltaic generating system and battery energy storage system at the Company's cell therapy manufacturing facility in Newark, California. The agreement has a term of years and commenced in September 2022. The Company is obligated to pay for electricity generated from the system at an agreed rate for the duration of the agreement term. Termination of the agreement by the Company will result in a termination payment due of approximately million. In connection with the agreement, the Company maintains a letter of credit for the benefit of the service provider in the amount of million which is recorded as restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 License Agreements for Intellectual Property 
 The Company has entered into certain license agreements for intellectual property which is used as part of its development and manufacturing processes. Each of these respective agreements are generally cancellable by the Company. These agreements require payment of annual license fees and may include conditional milestone payments for achievement of specific research, clinical and commercial events, and royalty payments. The timing and likelihood of any significant conditional milestone payments or royalty payments becoming due was not probable as of December 31, 2022. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various purchase commitments with third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacture and processing of our product candidates and related raw materials, and the Company has entered into other contracts in the normal course of business with contract research organizations for clinical trials and other vendors for other services and products for operating purposes. These agreements generally provide for termination or cancellation, other than for costs already incurred. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had non-cancellable purchase commitments of million. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

Note 8. 
 million which includes transaction costs of million, resulting in a ownership interest in Notch. In February 2021, the Company made a million investment in Notch's Series A preferred stock. Immediately following this transaction, the Company's share in Notch was on a voting interest basis. In October 2021, the Company made an additional million investment in Notch's common stock. Immediately following this transaction, the Company's share in Notch was on a voting interest basis. 
 The Company s total equity investment in Notch as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, and the Company accounted for the investment using the equity method of accounting. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized its share of Notch's net loss under the other expenses caption within the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited 
 In conjunction with the execution of the License Agreement with Allogene Overland (see Note 6), the Company also entered into a Share Purchase Agreement and Shareholders' Agreement with the joint venture company acquiring shares of Allogene Overland s Seed Preferred Shares representing a ownership interest in exchange for entering into a License Agreement which had a carrying value of . The Company accounts for its investment in Allogene Overland as an equity method investment at carrying value. The Company's total equity investment in Allogene Overland was as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s equity investment in Allogene Overland as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 had a carryover basis. Therefore, the Company did not account for its share of losses incurred by Allogene Overland. See Note 6 for further details. 
 
 Note 9. 
 shares of preferred stock, of which shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Common Stock 
 Pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed on June 17, 2022, the Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of common stock, of which and shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 dividends on common stock had been declared by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 Note 10. 
 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 st of the preceding calendar year. The term of any stock option granted under the 2018 Plan cannot exceed years. The Company generally grants stock-based awards with service conditions only. Options granted typically vest over a period but may be granted with different vesting terms. Restricted Stock Units granted typically vest annually over a period but may be granted with different vesting terms. Options shall not have an exercise price less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. If the individual possesses more than of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, the exercise price shall not be less than of the fair market value of a common share of stock on the date of grant. This requirement is applicable to incentive stock options only. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares reserved by the Company under the 2018 Plan for the future issuance of equity awards. 
 Stock Option Exchange program 
 On June 21, 2022, the Company commenced an offer to exchange certain eligible options held by eligible employees of the Company for new options (the Exchange Offer). The Exchange Offer expired on July 19, 2022. Pursuant to the Exchange Offer, eligible holders elected to exchange, and the Company accepted for cancellation, eligible options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, representing approximately of the total shares of common stock underlying the eligible options. On July 19, 2022, immediately following the expiration of the Exchange Offer, the Company granted new options to purchase shares of common stock, pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Offer and the 2018 Plan. The exercise price of the new options granted pursuant to the Exchange Offer was per share, which was the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the grant date of the new options. The new options are subject to a new vesting schedule, vesting in equal annual installments over the vesting term. Each new option has a maximum term of . 
 The exchange of stock options was treated as a modification for accounting purposes. The incremental expense of million for the modified options was calculated using a lattice option pricing model. The incremental expense and the unamortized expense remaining on the exchanged options as of the modification date are being recognized over the new service period. 
 Stock Option Activity 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Cancelled under the Option Exchange ) Granted under the Option Exchange Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic values of options exercised, outstanding, exercisable, vested and expected to vest were calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the options and the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on December 31, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the estimated weighted-average grant-date fair value of employee options granted was per share, per share and per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, of unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of and , respectively. 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term in years - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Expected risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected dividend 
 The fair value of the new options granted under the Option Exchange program was estimated at the date of grant using a lattice option pricing model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of , expected risk-free rate of , expected dividends of and expected exercise barrier of . 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the lattice option pricing model require the use of subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include: 
 Fair value of common stock For grants before October 2018 when the Company was private and there was no public market for the Company s common stock, the fair value of the Company s common stock underlying share-based awards was estimated on each grant date by the Company s Board of Directors. In order to determine the fair value of the Company s common stock underlying option grants, the Company s Board of Directors considered, among other things, valuations of the Company s common stock prepared by an unrelated third-party valuation firm in accordance with the guidance provided by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . For all grants subsequent to the Company s IPO in October 2018, the fair value of common stock was determined by taking the closing price per share of common stock per Nasdaq. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Expected exercise barrier - The modified options are assumed to be exercised upon vesting and when the ratio of stock market price to exercise price reaches , or expiration, whichever is earlier. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Activity 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units and performance based restricted stock units was million, million and million, respectively . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total fair value of vested restricted stock units and performance based restricted stock units as of their grant dates was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, of unrecognized stock-based compensation which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In October 2018, the stockholders approved the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which initially reserved shares of the Company's common stock for employee purchases under terms and provisions established by the Board of Directors. Effective January 1, 2022 and 2021, the number of shares authorized under the ESPP for employee purchases increased by and shares respectively. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an "employee stock purchase plan" under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the current offering adopted pursuant to the ESPP, each offering period is approximately months, which is generally divided into purchase periods of approximately . 
 Employees are eligible to participate if they are employed by the Company. Under the ESPP, employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market value of common stock on the 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 -month offering periods. The offering periods are scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after March 16 or September 16 of each year, except for the first offering period which commenced on October 11, 2018, the first trading day after the effective date of the Company s registration statement. Contributions under the ESPP are limited to a maximum of of an employee s eligible compensation. 

Volatility - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total stock-based compensation expense related to ESPP was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Founders Stock 
 In 2018, the Company s founders agreed to modify their common shares outstanding to include vesting provisions that require continued service to the Company in order to vest in those shares. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized for shares of founders stock as vesting conditions are met. In relation to the modification, shares of founders stock remained unvested at the modification date in April 2018. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million, and million of stock-based compensation expense was recognized related to the vesting of , , and shares, respectively, of founders' stock. At December 31, 2021, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to shares of unvested founders stock which was recognized over months. At December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. The weighted-average fair value at grant date for founders stock was per share. 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Early Exercised Options 
 The Company allows certain of its employees and its directors to exercise options granted under the Prior 2018 Plan and the 2018 Plan prior to vesting. The shares related to early exercised stock options are subject to the Company s lapsing repurchase right upon termination of employment or service on the Company s Board of Directors at the lesser of the original purchase price or fair market value at the time of repurchase. In order to vest, the holders are required to provide continued service to the Company. The proceeds are initially recorded in accrued and other liabilities and other long-term liabilities for the noncurrent portion. The proceeds are reclassified to paid-in capital as the repurchase right lapses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and options were early exercised, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, recorded in accrued and other liabilities and million and million, respectively, recorded in other long-term liabilities related to shares held by employees and directors that were subject to repurchase. The underlying shares are shown as outstanding in the consolidated financial statements since the exercise date but the shares which are subject to future vesting conditions are not included in the calculation of earnings per share. 
 
 Note 11. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Common Stock based on the Schedule 13D/A filed on September 17, 2021 with the SEC. According to the Schedule 13D/A filing, PF Equity Holdings 2 B.V. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pfizer formed for the purpose of holding certain assets owned or controlled by Pfizer or its direct or indirect subsidiaries. Based on a Form 4 filed on April 4, 2022 by PF Equity Holdings 2 B.V., Pfizer held the shares as of March 31, 2022. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, the Company sold in excess raw materials to Pfizer. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold million in excess raw materials to Pfizer. 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into a license agreement with Allogene Overland, a corporate joint venture entity and related party (see Note 6). The license agreement was subsequently assigned to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allogene Overland, Allogene Overland BioPharm (HK) Limited. On April 1, 2022, Allogene Overland HK assigned the License Agreement to Allogene Overland Biopharm (PRC) Co., Limited. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of collaboration revenue under this arrangement. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and , respectively, of net cost recoveries under the terms of the license agreement as a reduction to research and development expenses. 
 Consulting Agreements 
 In June 2018, the Company entered into a services agreement with Two River Consulting LLC (Two River) a firm affiliated with the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, the Company s Executive Chair of the board of directors, and a director of the Company to provide various managerial, clinical development, administrative, accounting and financial services to the Company. The costs incurred for services provided under this agreement were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In August 2018, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Bellco Capital LLC (Bellco). Pursuant to the consulting agreement, Bellco provides certain services for the Company, which are performed by Dr. Belldegrun, the Company's executive chair, and inc lude without limitation, providing advice and analysis with respect to the Company s business, business strategy and potential opportunities in the field of allogeneic CAR T cell therapy and any other aspect of the CAR T cell therapy business as the Company may agree. In consideration for these services, the Company paid Bellco per month in arrears commencing January 2020, and per month in arrears commencing January 2021, and per month in arrears commencing January 2022. The Company may also, at its discretion, pay Bellco an annual performance award in an amount up to of the aggregate compensation payable to Bellco in a calendar year. The Company also reimburses Bellco for out of pocket expenses incurred in performing the services. The costs incurred for services provided, bonus and out-of-pocket expenses incurred under this consulting agreement were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to Bellco of million were recorded in accrued and other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Sublease Agreements 
 In December 2018, the Company entered into a sublease with Bellco for square feet of office space in Los Angeles, California for a term. On April 1, 2020, Bellco Capital Advisors Inc. assumed all rights, title, interests and obligations under the sublease from Bellco Capital LLC. In November 2021, the sublease was extended to June 30, 2025. The sublease was amended, effective in July 2022, to move to a nearby location, with office space of square feet. The Company s executive chair, Arie Belldegrun, M.D., FACS, is a trustee of the Belldegrun Family Trust, which controls Bellco Capital Advisors Inc. The total right of use asset and associated liability recorded related to this related party lease was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In February 2019, the Company subleased square feet of its office space in New York, New York, to ByHeart, Inc., formerly known as Second Science, Inc. (ByHeart). ByHeart is a development-stage infant formula company. Certain of the Company s board members and executive officers have beneficial ownership in ByHeart and two serve on the board of directors of ByHeart. In September 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the sublease agreement and increased the subleased space to square feet. In October 2020, the sublease agreement between the Company and ByHeart was 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 . Sublease income for the year ended December 31, 2020 was million, and was recognized as other income. 
 
 Note 12. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 13.) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Stock-based compensation Research tax credits ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance Other ) ) Benefit for incomes taxes 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of (a) temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, and (b) operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Tax credit carryforwards Intangibles Accrued expenses Lease liabilities Stock based compensation Investments Capitalized R D Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed assets ) ) Right of use leased assets ) ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Due to the lack of earnings history, the net deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. The valuation allowance increased by approximately million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Indefinite Net operating losses, federal 2037 Net operating losses, state 2037-2042 Tax credits, federal 2038-2042 Tax credits, state Indefinite California Competes Tax credits, state 2026 -2027 
 Current federal and California tax laws include substantial restrictions on the utilization of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards in the event of an ownership change of a corporation. Accordingly, the Company's ability to utilize NOLs and tax credit carryforwards may be limited as a result of such ownership changes. Such a limitation could result in the expiration of carryforwards before they are utilized. 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (ASU 2019-12), which simplifies the accounting for income taxes, eliminates certain exceptions within ASC 740, Income Taxes, and clarifies certain aspects of the current guidance to promote consistency among reporting entities. This guidance was effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2021 on a prospective basis, and early adoption was permitted. The Company early adopted this standard as of January 1, 2020 on a prospective basis in accordance with ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections. The adoption resulted in the Company no longer 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Additions based on tax positions related to current year Additions to tax position of prior year Reductions to tax position of prior years Lapse of the applicable statute of limitations Balance at end of the year 
 It is the Company s policy to include penalties and interest expense related to income taxes as a component of interest and other income, net, as necessary. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The reversal of the uncertain tax benefits would not affect the effective tax rate to the extent that the Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. Unrecognized tax benefits may change during the next 12 months for items that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are subject to examination by U.S. federal or state tax authorities for all years since inception. 
 
 Note 14.) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Since the Company was in a loss position for all periods presented, basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share as the inclusion of all potential dilutive securities would have been anti-dilutive. Restricted stock units subject to vesting Expected shares purchased under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Founder shares subject to future vesting Early exercised stock options subject to future vesting Total 

Note 15. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

124 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Conclusions Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report herein, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst and Young LLP 
 
 San Mateo, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 On February 22, 2023, Veer Bhavnagri, our General Counsel, notified us of his decision to resign, effective March 31, 2023, to pursue other opportunities. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 None. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by this Item and not set forth below will be set forth in the sections headed Election of Directors and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC on or before May 1, 2023 (our Proxy Statement) and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 Our Board of Directors consists of the following members: 
 Elizabeth Barrett , 60, has served as member of our Board since July 2021. Ms. Barrett is a director and President and Chief Executive Officer of UroGen Pharma Ltd. UroGen ), a biotechnology company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative solutions that treat urothelial and specialty cancers. At UroGen, Ms. Barrett spearheaded the 2020 approval of Jelmyto for the treatment of low-grade upper tract urothelial carcinoma. Before joining UroGen, Ms. Barrett served as the Chief Executive Officer of Novartis Oncology, where she managed the development and launch of the autologous CAR T therapy Kymriah , and as a member of the Executive Committee of Novartis Oncology from February 2018 to December 2018. Prior to that, Ms. Barrett served at Pfizer Inc. ("Pfizer") in various capacities, most recently as the Global President of Oncology, and before that as Pfizer s Regional President of US Oncology Business Unit since March 2009. Prior to Pfizer, she was Vice President and General Manager of the Oncology. 
 
 Arie Belldegrun, M.D. , 73, is a co-founder of Allogene and has served as Executive Chair of our Board since November 2017. From March 2014 until October 2017, Dr. Belldegrun served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Kite Pharma, Inc. ("Kite") and as a director from June 2009 until October 2017. Dr. Belldegrun has served as Chair of UroGen since December 2012, Chair of Kronos Bio, Inc., since June 2017, and director of Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc., since September 2021. Dr. Belldegrun has also served on the boards of several private companies: Breakthrough Properties LLC and Breakthrough Services LLC since April 2019, ByHeart, Inc., since October 2019, and IconOVir Bio, Inc., since June 2020. Dr. Belldegrun has also served as Chairman of Bellco Capital LLC since 2004, as Chair and Partner of Two River Group since June 2009, and as Senior Managing Director of Vida Ventures, LLC since November 2017. He is certified by the American Board of Urology and is a Fellow of the American Association of Genitourinary Surgeons. Dr. Belldegrun is Research Professor, holds the Roy and Carol Doumani Chair in Urologic Oncology, and is Director of the Institute of Urologic Oncology at the David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles UCLA ). Prior to joining UCLA in October of 1988, he was a research fellow at NCI/NIH in surgical oncology and immunotherapy from July 1985 to August 1988 under Dr. Steven Rosenberg. Dr. Belldegrun received his M.D. from the Hebrew University Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem before completing his post graduate studies in Immunology at the Weizmann Institute of Science and his residency in Urologic Surgery at Harvard Medical School. 
 
 David Bonderman, 80, has served as a member of our Board since April 2018. He is a Founding Partner and Chairman of TPG, a global alternative asset firm, established in 1992. Mr. Bonderman currently serves on the board of directors of TPG, Inc., a public company. He has previously served on the boards of many public companies, some of which include: RyanAir Holdings, plc and Continental Airlines, for both of which he was Chairman, Ducati Motor Holding, S.p.A, China International Capital Corporation Limited, Co-Star Group, Inc., General Motors Company, Kite Pharma, Inc., Oxford Health Plans, Inc., Paradyne Networks, Inc., Seagate Technology Holdings plc, TPG Pace Tech Opportunities Corp., TPG Pace Solutions Corp., TPG Pace Energy Holdings Corp., TPG Pace Holdings, Inc., TPG Pace Beneficial Finance Corp., and Univision Holdings, Inc. Throughout Mr. Bonderman s career, he has served as a director on numerous other public, private, advisory, academic and charitable boards. Mr. Bonderman received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Washington, cum laude, and a J.D. from Harvard Law School, magna cum laude, where he was a member of the Harvard Law Review and Sheldon Fellow. 
 
 David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. , 63, is a co-founder of Allogene and has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board since June 2018. Dr. Chang has served on the boards of two private companies: Chair of the Board of Directors of IconOVir Bio, Inc., since June 2020, and director of 1200 Pharma LLC since June 2021. Dr. Chang served on the Board of Directors of Notch Therapeutics, Inc. Notch ), a private research-stage biotechnology company, from November 2019 to March 2022. Prior to joining us, Dr. Chang served as the Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President, Research and Development of Kite from June 2014 until March 2018. Dr. Chang previously held senior positions at Amgen Inc. ("Amgen"), a biopharmaceutical company, including Vice President, Global Development from July 2006 to May 2014, Senior Director, Oncology-Therapeutics from July 2005 to June 2006 and Director, Medical Sciences from December 2002 to June 2005. Prior to that, he was an Associate Professor at the UCLA School of Medicine. He has also served as a Venture Partner of Vida Ventures, LLC since November 2017, and Two River, LLC since October 2017. In addition, he serves as a member of the American Association for Cancer Research Oncology Development Fund Investment Advisory Committee, 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 CalTech Cheng Medical Engineering Advisory Council and of the MIT Corporation Biology Visiting Committee. Dr. Chang obtained a B.S. in Biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.D. and Ph.D. from Stanford University. 
 John DeYoung , 60, has served as a member of our Board since April 2018. Mr. DeYoung is Vice President of Worldwide Business Development for Pfizer s Oncology Business Unit. He is a member of Pfizer s Oncology Leadership Team and its Worldwide Business Development Leadership Team. Mr. DeYoung joined Pfizer in 1991 and has held leadership positions in Finance, Marketing, Commercial Development and Business Development. Mr. DeYoung received his bachelor s degree in business from Michigan State University in 1985 and his MBA from the University of Chicago in 1990. 
 
 Franz Humer, Ph.D. , 76, has served as a member of our Board since April 2018. Dr. Humer serves on the board of directors of the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children and is Chair of the Humer Foundation. Dr. Humer previously served as Chair of the board of directors of Neogene Therapeutics, Inc., a private research-stage biotechnology company, from October 2020 until January 2023 and as a member of the board of directors of Kite from September 2015 until October 2017. He also served as an independent director of Citigroup Inc. from 2012 until 2018, Chugai Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Japan) from 2002 until 2014, and Arix Bioscience plc from April 2016 to December 2019. He served as Chair of Diageo plc from 2005 to 2017. He served as a member of the board of directors of WISeKey SA, a publicly traded global cybersecurity company, from May 2016 to December 2017. In addition, Dr. Humer served as Head of Pharmaceuticals and then as Chief Operating Officer of F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. from 1996 to 1998, prior to serving as Chief Executive Officer of Roche Group from 1998 to 2001 and later as Chair and Chief Executive Officer from 2001 to 2008. His tenure as Chair of Roche Holding Ltd. extended from 2008 to 2014. Before joining Roche Group, he served on the board of Glaxo Holdings plc and was responsible for research, business development, manufacturing, commercial strategy, and all non-US operations for 13 years. In 1973, Dr. Humer joined Schering Plough Corporation where he held various General Management positions in Latin America and Europe. Dr. Humer attended the University of Innsbruck, where he obtained a Ph.D. in Law, and INSEAD in Fontainebleau, where he obtained an MBA. 
 
 Joshua Kazam , 46, has served as a member of our Board since November 2017. Mr. Kazam served as our President from November 2017 until June 2018. He was a founder of Kite and served as a member of Kite s board of directors from Kite s inception in June 2009 until October 2017. In June 2009, Mr. Kazam co-founded Two River, LLC, a life-science consulting and investment firm. Mr. Kazam has served on the board of Kronos Bio, Inc. since June 2017 and Capricor Therapeutics, Inc. from May 2005 until May 2019. He has also served on the boards of the following private companies: Vision Path, Inc. (d/b/a Hubble Contacts) since May 2016, ByHeart, Inc. since November 2016, Breakthrough Properties LLC and Breakthrough Services LLC since April 2019, and IconOVir Bio, Inc. since August 2018. Mr. Kazam has also served on the boards of several blank check companies formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination with one or more businesses: Screaming Eagle Acquisition Corp. since January 2022, Tishman Speyer Innovation Corp. II since February 2021, TS Innovation Acquisitions Corp. from November 2020 until June 2021, Soaring Eagle Acquisition Corp. from February 2021 to September 2021, Flying Eagle Acquisition Corp. from February 2020 until December 2020, Diamond Eagle Acquisition Corp. from January 2019 until April 2020, and Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp. from January 2018 to March 2019. Mr. Kazam has served as the President of Desert Flower Foundation since June 2016. Mr. Kazam received his bachelor s degree in Entrepreneurial Management from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and is a Member of the Wharton School s Undergraduate Executive Board. 
 
 Stephen Mayo, Ph.D. , 61, has served as a member of our Board since July 2022. Since 2021, he has served as a member of the board of directors and as a member of the research and development and audit committees of Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. Since 2021, Dr. Mayo has served as a member of the board of directors and on the audit and research committees of Merck Co. In addition, he serves on the scientific advisory boards of Vida Ventures and Evozyne. He co-founded Molecular Simulations Inc. (now Biovia) and Xencor, a public antibody engineering company. Dr. Mayo is currently the Bren Professor of Biology and Chemistry and Merkin Institute Professor at California Institute of Technology (Caltech). He joined the Caltech faculty in 1992, was a Caltech-based Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator from 1994 to 2007, served as Vice Provost for Research from 2007 to 2010 and Chair of the Division of Biology and Biological Engineering from 2010 to 2020. Dr. Mayo was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2004 for his pioneering contributions in the field of protein design. He served as an elected board member for the American Association for the Advancement of Science from 2010 to 2014 and as a presidential appointee on the National Science Foundation s National Science Board from 2013 to 2018. Dr. Mayo holds a B.S. in Chemistry from Pennsylvania State University and a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Caltech. He completed postdoctoral work at both UC Berkeley and Stanford University School of Medicine in chemistry and biochemistry, respectively. 
 
 Deborah Messemer , 65, has served as a member of our Board since September 2018. Ms. Messemer has served as director of TPG Inc. since January 2022 and PayPal Holdings, Inc. since January 2019. Ms. Messemer is a certified public accountant and joined KPMG LLP ("KPMG"), the U.S. member firm of KPMG International, in 1982 and was admitted into 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 the partnership in 1995. Most recently, she served as the Managing Partner of KPMG s Bay Area and Northwest region until her retirement in September 2018. Ms. Messemer spent the majority of her career in KPMG s audit practice as an audit engagement partner serving public and private clients in a variety of industry sectors. In addition to her operational and audit signing responsibilities, she has significant experience in SEC filings, due diligence, initial public offerings, mergers and acquisitions, and internal controls over financial reporting. Ms. Messemer received a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Texas at Arlington. 
 
 Vicki Sato, Ph.D., 74, has served as a member of our Board since July 2021. She was a professor of management practice at Harvard Business School from September 2006 to July 2017 and was a professor in the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology at Harvard University from July 2005 until October 2015. Previously, she served as President of Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Vertex"), a publicly-traded biotechnology company, which she joined in 1992. Prior to becoming President of Vertex, she was the Chief Scientific Officer and Senior Vice President of Research and Development. Prior to joining Vertex, Dr. Sato served as Vice President of Research at Biogen Inc. Dr. Sato is a member of the board of directors of the following publicly-traded companies: Denali Therapeutics, Inc. and Vir Biotechnology, Inc. She previously served on the board of directors of Akouos, Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Company and BorgWarner, Inc., both publicly-traded companies. Dr. Sato received her A.B. in Biology from Radcliffe College and her A.M. and Ph.D. in Biology from Harvard University. She conducted her postdoctoral work at both the University of California, Berkeley and Stanford Medical Center. 
 
 Todd Sisitsky , 51, has served as a member of our Board since April 2018. Mr. Sisitsky is a board member and President of TPG, Inc. and Co-Managing Partner of TPG Capital, TPG s scale private equity business in the U.S. and Europe, and co-leads the firm s investment activities in the healthcare services, pharmaceuticals and medical device sectors. He also serves on the executive committee of TPG Holdings. He has played leadership roles in connection with TPG s investment in us, Adare Pharmaceuticals, Aptalis, Biomet, Exactech, Fenwal, Healthscope, IASIS Healthcare, Immucor, IQVIA Holdings, Inc. (and predecessor companies IMS Health and Quintiles), Par Pharmaceutical, and Surgical Care Affiliates. Mr. Sisitsky currently serves as director of the following additional public companies: Convey Health Solutions, Inc., and IQVIA Holdings, Inc. Prior to joining TPG in 2003, Mr. Sisitsky worked at Forstmann Little Company and Oak Hill Capital Partners. He received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar, and earned his undergraduate degree from Dartmouth College, where he graduated summa cum laude. Mr. Sisitsky currently serves as the chair of the Dartmouth Medical School board of advisors, and as a board member of Grassroot Soccer. 
 
 Owen Witte, M.D., 73, has served as a member of our Board since April 2018. Dr. Witte previously served as a member of the board of directors of Kite from March 2017 until October 2017. Dr. Witte joined the UCLA faculty in 1980, where he is presently a University Professor of microbiology, immunology and molecular genetics, the UCLA David Saxon Presidential Chair in Developmental Immunology and previously served as the director of the Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research. Dr. Witte was appointed a University Professor by the University of California Board of Regents, an honor reserved for scholars of the highest international distinction. Dr. Witte is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the National Academy of Medicine. Dr. Witte currently serves on several editorial and advisory boards. He previously served on the board of directors for the American Association for Cancer Research. He was appointed by President Obama to the President s Cancer Panel. Dr. Witte holds a bachelor s degree from Cornell University and an M.D. from Stanford University. He completed postdoctoral research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
 
 In addition to Dr. Chang, our executive officers include the following: 
 
 Veer Bhavnagri , 40, has served as our General Counsel since May 2018, which our Board of Directors elevated to an executive position in April 2020. Mr. Bhavnagri also serves as the Company s Compliance Officer. Prior to joining us, Mr. Bhavnagri served as the Vice President, Corporate Counsel, of Kite from November 2014 until January 2018. Prior to joining Kite, Mr. Bhavnagri was a senior associate at Cooley LLP. Previously, Mr. Bhavnagri was an associate in the New York and Sydney offices of Sullivan Cromwell LLP. Mr. Bhavnagri received a J.D., magna cum laude, from the University of Michigan Law School. He received an A.B. in mathematical economics and political science, with honors, from Brown University. Mr. Bhavnagri is admitted to practice law in New York and California. 
 
 Alison Moore, Ph.D. , 56, has served as our Chief Technical Officer since June 2018. Prior to joining us, she most recently served as Senior Vice President, Process Development at Amgen from January 2013 until June 2018. Dr. Moore has previously held senior roles at Amgen in Operations Technology from January 2013 until August 2014, Process and Product engineering from January 2011 until January 2013, and Corporate Manufacturing from August 2008 until December 2010. Prior to these positions, she was Vice President, Site Operations at Amgen s Fremont, California, manufacturing facility, from March 2006 until August of 2008. Before joining Amgen, from 2005 to 2006, Dr. Moore was a Director in Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls, and Regulatory Affairs at Genentech, Inc. ("Genentech"). Prior to Genentech, she was a 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Postdoctoral Research Fellow at the Medical University of L beck, Germany. Dr. Moore has also served on the board of directors for Codexis, Inc. since June 2020. Dr. Moore holds both a bachelor s degree in Pharmacology with Honors and a Ph.D. in Cell Biology from Manchester University, England. 
 
 Zachary Roberts, M.D., Ph.D. , 45, has served as our Executive Vice President, Research and Development, since January 2023. Previously, Dr. Roberts served as Chief Medical Officer for Instil Bio, Inc. from March 2020 to November 2022. Prior to joining Instil, he served in various roles for Kite Pharma, Inc./Gilead Sciences, during his 5 year tenure, with his last position as Vice President, Clinical Development from February 2018 to May 2019. Prior to joining Kite, Dr. Roberts served in various roles in Amgen, with his last position as Clinical Research Medical Director for Amgen Oncology from January 2015 to July 2015. Dr. Roberts completed his training in internal medicine and hematology/oncology at the Massachusetts General Hospital and Dana Farber Cancer Institute. He earned his B.S. in microbiology and immunology from the University of Maryland, College Park and both his Ph.D. in immunology and his M.D from the University of Maryland, Baltimore. 
 
 Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. , 54, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2018. Prior to joining us, Dr. Schmidt was a Managing Director and Senior Research Analyst at Cowen and Company, LLC. He joined Cowen as a Research Analyst in 1998 where he covered biotechnology stocks until June 2018. He was previously a Vice President and Research Analyst for UBS Securities. He has also served on the board of directors for Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. since December 2019 and for Revolution Medicines, Inc. since June 2020. Dr. Schmidt obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry from the University of Pennsylvania and a Ph.D. in Biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he serves on the Visiting Committee for the Department of Biology. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees, known as the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at http://www.allogene.com under the Governance section of our Investors page. We will promptly disclose on our website (i) the nature of any amendment to the policy that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and (ii) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the policy that is granted to one of these specified individuals, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver. Stockholders may request a free copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics from our Compliance Officer, c/o Allogene Therapeutics, Inc., 210 E. Grand Avenue, South San Francisco, CA 94080. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 Information regarding our equity compensation plans will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the sections headed Transactions With Related Persons and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth under Part II, Item 8 above. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto set forth under Item 8 above. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 
 The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibit Index Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on October 15, 2018). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022) . 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on October 15, 2018). 
 4.1 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 , 3.2 and 3.3 
 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on October 2, 2018. 
 4.3 Description of Common Stock . 
 4.4 Investors Rights Agreement, dated April 6, 2018, by and among the Registrant and certain of its securityholders, as amended September 5, 2018, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on September 14, 2018) 
 10.1+ Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between the Registrant and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on October 2, 2018). 
 10.2+ Indemnification Agreement, dated April 6, 2018, by and between the Registrant and John DeYoung (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on October 2, 2018). 
 10.3+ Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Prior Plan) and Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise and Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement thereunder, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on September 14, 2018). 
 10.4+ Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise, Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-227965), filed with the SEC on October 24, 2018). 
 10.5+ Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-227965), filed with the SEC on October 24, 2018). 
 10.6+ Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Change in Control Plan and Severance Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on October 2, 2018). 
 10.7+ Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693) for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021). 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 10.8+ Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on September 14, 2018). 
 10.9+ Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on September 14, 2018). 
 10.10+ Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Alison Moore, Ph.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on September 14, 2018). 
 10.11+ Employment Letter of Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Rafael G. Amado, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on February 27, 2020). 
 10.12+ Employment Letter of Agreement, dated April 30, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Veer Bhavnagri (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020). 
 10.13+ Employment Letter of Agreement, dated December 28, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Zachary Roberts, M.D., Ph.D. 
 10.14 License Agreement, dated March 8, 2019, between the Registrant and Cellectis S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on May 7, 2019). 
 10.15 Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement, dated October 30, 2015, by and between the Registrant (assignee of Pfizer Inc.) and Les Laboratoires Servier and Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on September 17, 2018). 
 10.16 Asset Contribution Agreement, dated April 2, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Pfizer Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), filed with the SEC on September 14, 2018). 
 10.17 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated November 1, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Notch Therapeutics Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on February 27, 2020). 
 10.18 Lease, dated August 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Britannia Pointe Grand Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-227333), originally filed with the SEC on September 14, 2018). 
 10.19 First Amendment, dated December 10, 2021, to the Lease, dated August 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Britannia Pointe Grand Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022). 
 10.20 Lease Agreement, dated October 25, 2018, by and between the Registrant and HCP, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019). 
 10.21 First Amendment, dated December 10, 2021, to the Lease Agreement, dated October 25, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Healthpeak Properties, Inc. (formerly known as HCP, Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022). 
 10.22 Lease Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Gateway Technology Center, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019). 
 10.23 First Amendment, dated September 4, 2019, to the Lease Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Gateway Technology Center, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38693), filed with the SEC on November 5, 2019). 
 10.24 Second Amendment, dated July 15, 2020, to the Lease Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Gateway Technology Center, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38693) for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2020). 
 10.25 Sales Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2019, by and between the registrant and Cowen and Company, LLC, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268117) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 10.26 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693) for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021). 
 10.27 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. and Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693) for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021). 
 10.28 
 First Amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 11, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. and Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38693) for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022). 
 10.29 
 Shareholders' Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, by and among the Registrant, Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. and Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38693) for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021). 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 __________________________ 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted as the Registrant has determined (i) the omitted information is not material and (ii) the omitted information would likely cause harm to the Registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules to the SEC upon request. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in South San Francisco, California, on February 28, 2023. 
 Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. By: /s/ David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors Principal Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. and Eric Schmidt, Ph.D., and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. Principal Executive Officer 
 /s/ Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 /s/ Arie Belldegrun, M.D., FACS Executive Chair of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Arie Belldegrun, M.D., FACS /s/ Elizabeth Barrett Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Elizabeth Barrett /s/ David Bonderman Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 David Bonderman /s/ John DeYoung Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 John DeYoung /s/ Franz Humer, Ph.D. Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Franz Humer, Ph.D. /s/ Joshua Kazam Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Joshua Kazam /s/ Stephen Mayo, Ph.D. Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Stephen Mayo, Ph.D. /s/ Deborah Messemer Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Deborah Messemer /s/ Vicki Sato, Ph.D. Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Vicki Sato, Ph.D. /s/ Todd Sisitsky Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Todd Sisitsky /s/ Owen Witte, M.D. Member of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 Owen Witte, M.D. 
 
 136 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 allo-20221231xex43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 General 
 The following description summarizes the most important terms of our common stock. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. For a complete description of the matters set forth in this Description of Common Stock, you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Restated Certificate and amended and restated bylaws (the Restated Bylaws ), which are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. Our authorized capital stock consists of 400,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, except as required by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, to issue additional shares of our capital stock. In addition, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to designate the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications and restrictions of our preferred stock in one or more series. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 Our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors, and does not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends , if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 All of our outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 1 

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ALLO. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), which generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless 
 prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding upon consummation of the transaction, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 on or subsequent to the consummation of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Section 203 of the DGCL defines a business combination to include 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale , transfer, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder 
 subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder and 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 
 In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws Provisions 
 Provisions of the Restated Certificate and the Restated Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, the Restated Certificate and the Restated Bylaws 
 2 

permit our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate (including the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control) 
 provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors 
 provide that the board of directors or any individual director may only be removed with cause and the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of our then outstanding common stock 
 provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum 
 divide our board of directors into three classes 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent 
 provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice 
 do not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose) and 
 provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, our Chief Executive Officer or by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors. 
 The amendment of any of these provisions, with the exception of the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and designate any rights, preferences and privileges thereto, would require approval by the holders of at least 66 2 3 of our then outstanding common stock. 
 The foregoing provisions may make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 
 These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of us. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or management. As a consequence, these provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. 
 
 Choice of Forum 
 Our Restated Certificate and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the 
 3 

State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors or officers or other employees arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Restated Certificate or Restated Bylaws (including any right, obligation, or remedy thereunder) (iv) any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and (v) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. This choice of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Further, our Restated Certificate and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 4 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 allo-20221231xex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

December 28, 2022 
 
 Zachary Roberts 

Re Employment Letter of Agreement Agreement 
 
 Dear Zachary, 
 
 Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. Allogene or the Company is pleased to offer you employment on the following terms and conditions. 
 
 1. Title Reporting Duties . 
 (a) When you commence employment with Allogene, you shall be employed in the position of EVP, Head of Research & Development, shall report directly to David Chang, Chief Executive Officer and shall perform the duties and responsibilities that the Company assigns to you. 
 (b) You shall devote substantially all of your business time, attention and energies to the business and affairs of Allogene and shall not during the period of your employment be actively engaged in any other business activity, whether or not such business activity is pursued for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage, that will materially interfere with the performance of your duties or your availability to perform such duties or that will adversely affect, or negatively reflect upon, Allogene. 
 (c) You will be considered a remote employee, generally working at headquarters, 210 E. Grand Ave, South San Francisco, CA, once every three weeks or as the business needs dictate. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may change your title, position, duties, supervisor and work location from time to time as it deems appropriate. 
 2. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . You shall receive base salary paid at the rate of five hundred twenty-five thousand dollars 525,000) per year, payable in accordance with Allogene s payroll practices. You may be eligible to earn a merit-based increase to your base salary at the sole discretion of the Company as part of the annual performance review process, which in your first year of employment will be prorated based on your start date. 
 (b) Bonus . Provided that you remain employed through the end of the calendar year, you may be eligible to earn an annual performance bonus at the sole discretion of the Company in an amount up to a target of forty-five percent (45 of your base salary (the Annual Bonus ). The Annual Bonus is designed to reward performance and encourage retention of employees, and will be based upon the Company s assessment of your performance and the Company s attainment of targeted goals as set by the Company in its sole discretion. Following the close of each calendar year, the Company will determine whether you have earned an Annual Bonus, and the amount of any such bonus, based on the achievement of such goals. If you began employment during a calendar year and remained employed through the end of that year, you may be eligible 

to receive a prorated bonus based upon the time of your employment with the Company for that year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amount of Annual Bonus is guaranteed, and for employee retention purposes, you must be employed with Company through the end of the calendar year and on the Annual Bonus payment date to be eligible to earn an Annual Bonus. The Annual Bonus, if earned, will be paid no later than March 15 of the calendar year after the applicable bonus year. 
 (c) Withholding . Allogene shall withhold all applicable federal, state and local taxes and social security and such other amounts as may be required by law from all amounts payable under this Section 2. 
 3. Options . Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors (the Board ), or an authorized committee thereof, you shall be granted a stock option award having an aggregate grant date value of 3.85 million for the purchase of shares of Allogene s common stock (the Common Stock on the grant date. The grant date value will be calculated in accordance with the Black-Scholes option valuation methodology or such other methodology as the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board may determine prior to the grant of such award (with the shares covered by the award rounded down to the nearest whole share). Such grant shall be evidenced by an option agreement (the Option Agreement to be entered into by and between you and the Company. The exercise price per option share will be equal to the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock as of the date that such Option is granted by the Board. The Option shall have a 10-year term and shall vest and become exercisable as follows (i) 25 upon the first anniversary date of your employment start date (the Initial Vesting Date and thereafter (ii) the remaining unvested options shares shall vest in 36 equal monthly installments following the Initial Vesting Date and measured from the first anniversary of the Initial Vesting Date. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Option Agreement, the terms of the Option Agreement shall control. 
 4. RSUs. Subject to the approval of the Board, or an authorized committee thereof, you shall be granted a restricted stock unit award RSU in the amount of a number of shares equal to 1.65 million divided by the closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on the grant date (with the shares covered by the award rounded down to the nearest whole share). Such grant shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Award Agreement to be entered into by and between you and the Company. The RSU shall vest in four (4) equal annual installments as of the annual anniversary of the 20th calendar day of the month of your Start Date. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Award Agreement, the terms of the Award Agreement shall control. 
 5. Performance RSU . Subject to the approval of the Board, or an authorized committee thereof, you shall be granted an additional restricted stock unit Performance RSU in the amount of a number of shares equal to 1.0 million divided by the closing price per share of the Company s Common Stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on the grant date (with the shares covered by the award rounded down to the nearest whole share). Such grant shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Performance Award Agreement to be entered into by and between you and the Company. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Performance Award Agreement, the terms of the Performance Award Agreement shall control. The Performance RSU shall vest in two (2) equal installments, with (a) the first installment to vest upon the filing of a biologics license application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for ALLO-501A, provided that 125 of such installment shall vest if such filing is completed by the end of 2025, 100 of such installment shall vest if such filing is completed in 2026 and 50 of such installment shall vest if such filing is completed after 2026, and (b) the second installment to vest upon FDA approval of ALLO-501A, provided that 125 of such installment shall vest if such approval is achieved by the end of 2025, 100 of such 

installment shall vest if such approval is achieved in 2026 and 50 of such installment shall vest if such approval is achieved after 2026. Any unvested portion of the Performance RSU shall expire unvested after five (5) years. 
 6. Sign-On Advance . You will receive a sign-on advance in the amount of seventy-five thousand dollars 75,000), subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings, payable within thirty (30) days after your employment start date (the Sign-On Advance ). The Sign-On Advance will be considered earned only if you successfully complete one (1) year of continuous employment with the Company. If within your first year of employment with the Company (a) you resign your employment, or (b) the Company terminates your employment for Cause (as defined below), then you agree to pay back the entire amount of the Sign-on Advance within ten (10) days after your employment termination date. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause will mean any one or more of the following (a) commission of any felony or crime involving dishonesty (b) participation in any fraud against the Company (c) material breach of your contractual, statutory or common law duties to the Company (including violation of any provision or obligation under this Agreement) (d) your failure to satisfactorily perform your job duties as assigned by the Company (e) intentional damage to any property of the Company or (f) misconduct or other violation of Company policy that causes or reasonably could cause harm. 
 7. Expenses . Allogene will reimburse you for all normal, usual and necessary expenses incurred in furtherance of the business and affairs of Allogene upon timely receipt by Allogene of appropriate vouchers or other proof of your expenditures and otherwise in accordance with any expense reimbursement and approval policy as may from time to time be adopted by Allogene. 
 8. Benefits . As a regular full-time employee, you shall be entitled to participate in the employee benefits made available to similarly situated employees, in accordance with the terms of such benefits plans and programs and company policies. Information regarding these employee benefits is available upon request and in the official plan documents, summary plan descriptions, and applicable summaries. The Company, in its sole discretion, has the right to amend or terminate any benefit plan, program or Company policy at any time and without prior notice. 
 9. Representations and Warranties . You hereby represent and warrant as follows 
 (a) By accepting the Company s offer of employment, you represent that you have no agreements, relationships, or commitments with any other person or entity that conflict with your obligations to the Company. 
 (b) You have the full right, power and legal capacity to enter and deliver this Agreement and to perform your duties and other obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the parties, enforceable against each in accordance with its terms. No approvals or consents of any persons or entitles are required for you to execute and deliver this Agreement or perform your duties and other obligations hereunder. 
 (c) You represent and warrant to the Company that you have not brought and shall not bring with you to the Company, or use in the performance of your duties, any materials or documents of any former employer that are not generally available to the public, unless you have obtained written authorization from the former employer for their possession and use and provided the Company with a copy thereof. 
 10. Conditions to Employment . This offer of employment is contingent upon, and your employment shall be subject to 

(a) completion of reference checks and background check, and may be contingent upon a drug screen, each to the reasonable satisfaction of Allogene and 
 (b) satisfying the requirements of the Immigration Control and Reform Act, which may be accomplished by showing your proof of right to work in the U.S. within three days of commencing employment, and you agree to assist as needed at the Company s request to meet these conditions. 
 (c) execution of Allogene s form of Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A , which prohibits unauthorized use or disclosure of Allogene s proprietary information, among other obligations 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this offer may be withdrawn by Allogene at any time prior to its execution by the parties. 
 11. Employment-at-will and Termination . Your employment shall be at-will. Accordingly, you may terminate your employment with Allogene at any time and for any reason whatsoever, with or without advance notice, simply by notifying Allogene in writing. Similarly, Allogene may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause or advance notice. This at-will relationship cannot be changed except in a writing signed by the Company s General Counsel and you. The employment terms contained in this Agreement supersede any other agreements and promises made to you by Allogene or any representative on its behalf, whether oral, written or implied. 
 12. No Reliance by You on Promise or Representation Not in this Agreement . In accepting employment with Allogene and signing this Agreement, you agree that you are not relying on any representation, promise or inducement that has been made by Allogene or any representative on its behalf that is not explicitly stated in this Agreement. Allogene is not bound by and will not be liable for any representation, promise or inducement that is not explicitly stated in this Agreement. 
 13. Governing Law . The terms of this offer letter shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of California without regard to such State s principles of conflict of laws, except as provided in Section 13. 
 14. Arbitration . To the maximum extent permitted by law, any dispute between the parties, including but not limited to those arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement, shall be exclusively decided by binding arbitration in accordance with the terms of the Arbitration Agreement (should you opt to sign the Arbitration Agreement), which is attached as Exhibit B and incorporated into this Agreement. The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings pursuant to the Arbitration Agreement. To the extent that the Federal Arbitration Act is inapplicable, the terms of the Arbitration Agreement shall be construed in accordance with California law. 
 15. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) This Agreement, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned. Allogene may assign its rights, together with its obligations, hereunder in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of its business or assets, provided the assignee entity which succeeds to Allogene expressly assumes Allogene s obligations hereunder and complies with the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) This Agreement cannot be amended orally, or by any course of conduct or dealing, but only by a written agreement signed by the parties hereto. The Company s signatory must be an officer who is authorized by the Company to enter into such an amendment. 
 (c) The failure of either party to insist upon the strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of future compliance therewith, and such terms, conditions and provisions shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement on the part of either party shall be effective for any purpose whatsoever unless such waiver is in writing and signed by such party. If any provision of this offer letter agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination shall not affect any other provision of this offer letter agreement and the provision in question shall be modified so as to be rendered enforceable in a manner consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible under applicable law. 
 (d) This Agreement, including its Exhibits A and B , sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements, and understandings, written or oral, relating to the subject matter of the Agreement. This letter may be delivered and executed via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or other applicable law) or other transmission method and shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and executed and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 16. Certification of Qualifications . By accepting employment, you certify that the information you provided to Allogene about your experience, education and other qualifications for employment has been accurate and complete. 
 If you wish to accept employment at Allogene under the terms described above, please sign and date this Agreement, and return it to me. If you accept this offer, we would like you to start employment on January 3, 2023. 
 We look forward to your favorable reply and to a productive and enjoyable working relationship. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 s Susie Lundeen Susie Lundeen Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Understood and Accepted 
 
 s Zachary Roberts Dec 28, 2022 Zachary Roberts Date 

EXHIBIT A 
 Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement 

EMPLOYEE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND 
 INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 In consideration of my employment or continued employment by Allogene Therapeutics, Inc., its direct and indirect subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, predecessors, successors and assigns (together Company ), and the compensation and benefits provided to me now and during my employment with Company, I hereby enter into this Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the Agreement ), which will be deemed effective as of the first day of my employment with the Company 

1. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTIONS. 
 
 1.1 Recognition of Company's Rights Nondisclosure. I understand and acknowledge that my employment by Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to Company's Confidential Information (as defined below) and that Company has a protectable interest therein. At all times during and after my employment, I will hold in confidence and will not disclose, use, lecture upon, or publish any of Company's Confidential Information, except as such disclosure, use or publication may be required in connection with my work for Company, or unless an officer of Company expressly authorizes such disclosure. I will obtain Company's written approval before publishing or submitting for publication any material (written, oral, or otherwise) that discloses and or incorporates any Confidential Information. I hereby assign to Company any rights I may have or acquire in such Confidential Information and recognize that all Confidential Information shall be the sole and exclusive property of Company and its assigns. I will take all reasonable precautions to prevent the inadvertent accidental disclosure of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), I shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade 

secret that (1) is made in confidence to a Federal State, or local government official, either directly o indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 
 1.2 Confidential Information. The term Confidential Information shall mean any and all confidential knowledge, data or information of Company. By way of illustration but not limitation, Confidential Information includes (a) trade secrets, inventions, mask works, ideas, processes, formulas, software in source or object code versions, data, programs, other works of authorship, know- how, improvements, discoveries, developments, designs and techniques and any other proprietary technology and all Intellectual Property Rights therein (collectively, Inventions (b) information regarding research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, margins, discounts, credit terms, pricing and billing policies, quoting procedures, methods of obtaining business, forecasts, future plans and potential strategies, financial projections and business strategies, operational plans, financing and capital-raising plans, activities and agreements, internal services and operational manuals, methods of conducting Company business, suppliers and 

1 

supplier information, and purchasing (c) information regarding customers and potential customers of Company, including customer lists, names, representatives, their needs or desires with respect to the types of products or services offered by Company, proposals, bids, contracts and their contents and parties, the type and quantity of products and services provided or sought to be provided to customers and potential customers of Company and other non-public information relating to customers and potential Customers (d) information regarding any of Company s business partners and their services, including names representatives, proposals, bids, contracts and their contents and parties, the type and quantity of products and services received by Company, and other non-public information relating to business partners (e) information regarding personnel, employee lists, compensation, and employee skills and (f) any other non-public information which a competitor of Company could use to the competitive disadvantage of Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that, at all such times, I am free to use information which is generally known in the trade or industry through no breach of this Agreement or other act or omission by me. Further, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and me, nothing in this Agreement shall limit my right to discuss my employment or report possible violations of law or regulation with any federal government agency or similar state or local agency or to discuss the terms and conditions of my employment with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act or to the extent that such disclosure is protected under the applicable provisions of law or regulation. 
 
 1.3 Third Party Information. I understand, in addition, that Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties their confidential and or proprietary knowledge, data or information Third Party Information subject 

to a duty on Company s part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During my employment and thereafter, I will hold Third Party Information in confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than Company personnel who need to know such information in connection with their work for Company) or use, except in connection with my work for Company, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by an officer of Company in writing. 
 
 1.4 No Improper Use of Information of Prior Employers and Others. During my employment by Company, I will not improperly use or disclose confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality, and I will not bring onto the premises of Company any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer or any other person to whom I have an obligation of confidentiality unless consented to in writing by that former employer or person. 
 
 2. A SSIGNMENTS OF I NVENTIONS . 
 
 2.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the term Intellectual Property Rights means all trade secrets, Copyrights, trademarks, mask work rights, patents and other intellectual property rights recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction or country the term Copyright means the exclusive legal right to reproduce, perform, display, distribute and make derivative works of a work of authorship (as a literary, musical, or artistic work) recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction or country and the term Moral Rights means all paternity, integrity, disclosure, withdrawal, special and any other similar rights recognized by the laws of any jurisdiction or country. 
 
 2.2 Excluded Inventions and Other Inventions. Attached hereto as Attachment 1 is a 

2 

list describing all existing Inventions, if any, that may relate to Company s business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development and that were made by me or acquired by me prior to the commencement of my employment with, and which are not to be assigned to, Company Excluded Inventions ). If no such list is attached, I represent and agree that it is because I have no rights in any existing Inventions that may relate to Company s business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development. For purposes of this Agreement, Other Inventions means Inventions in which I have or may have an interest, as of the commencement of my employment or thereafter, other than Company Inventions (defined below) and Excluded Inventions. I acknowledge and agree that if I use any Excluded Inventions or any Other Inventions in the scope of my employment, or if I include any Excluded Inventions or Other Inventions in any product or service of Company, or if my rights in any Excluded Inventions or Other Inventions may block or interfere with, or may otherwise be required for, the exercise by Company of any rights assigned to Company under this Agreement, I will immediately so notify Company in writing. Unless Company and I agree otherwise in writing as to particular Excluded Inventions or Other Inventions, I hereby grant to Company, in such circumstances (whether or not I give Company notice as required above), a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, fully-paid and royalty-free, irrevocable and worldwide license, with rights to sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to reproduce, make derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display in any form or medium, whether now known or later developed, make, have made, use, sell, import, offer for sale, and exercise any and all present or future rights in, such Excluded Inventions and Other Inventions. To the extent that any third parties have rights in any such Other Inventions, I hereby represent and warrant that such third party or parties have validly and irrevocably granted to me the right to grant the license stated above. 

2.3 Assignment of Company Inventions. Inventions assigned to Company, or to a third party as directed by Company pursuant to Section 2.6, are referred to in this Agreement as Company Inventions . Subject to Section 2.4 (Unassigned or Nonassignable Inventions) and except for Excluded Inventions set forth in Attachment 1 and Other Inventions, I hereby assign to Company all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Inventions (and all Intellectual Property Rights with respect thereto) made, conceived, reduced to practice, or learned by me, either alone or with others, during the period of my employment by Company. To the extent required by applicable Copyright laws, I agree to assign in the future (when any copyrightable Inventions are first fixed in a tangible medium of expression) my Copyright rights in and to such Inventions. Any assignment of Company Inventions (and all Intellectual Property Rights with respect thereto) hereunder includes an assignment of all Moral Rights. To the extent such Moral Rights cannot be assigned to Company and to the extent the following is allowed by the laws in any country where Moral Rights exist, I hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waive the enforcement of such Moral Rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind against Company or related to Company s customers, with respect to such rights. I further acknowledge and agree that neither my successors- in-interest nor legal heirs retain any Moral Rights in any Company Inventions (and any Intellectual Property Rights with respect thereto). 
 
 2.4 Unassigned or Nonassignable Inventions. I recognize that this Agreement will not be deemed to require assignment of any Invention that is covered under California Labor Code section 2870(a) (the Specific Inventions Law ), as detailed on Attachment 2 . 
 
 2.5 Obligation to Keep Company Informed. During the period of my employment and for one (1) year after termination of my 

3 

employment, I will promptly and fully disclose to Company in writing all Inventions authored, conceived, or reduced to practice by me, either alone or jointly with others. In addition, I will promptly disclose to Company all patent applications filed by me or on my behalf within one (1) year after termination of employment. At the time of each such disclosure, I will advise Company in writing of any Inventions that I believe fully qualify for protection under the provisions of the Specific Inventions Law and I will at that time provide to Company in writing all evidence necessary to substantiate that belief. Company will keep in confidence and will not use for any purpose or disclose to third parties without my consent any confidential information disclosed in writing to Company pursuant to this Agreement relating to Inventions that qualify fully for protection under the Specific Inventions Law. I will preserve the confidentiality of any Invention that does not fully qualify for protection under the Specific Inventions Law. 
 
 2.6 Government or Third Party. I agree that, as directed by Company, I will assign to a third party, including without limitation the United States, all my right, title, and interest in and to any particular Company Invention. 
 
 2.7 Ownership of Work Product. 
 
 (a) I acknowledge that all original works of authorship which are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of my employment and which are protectable by Copyright are works made for hire, pursuant to United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C., Section 101). 
 
 (b) I agree that Company will exclusively own all work product that is made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of my employment, and I hereby irrevocably and unconditionally assign to Company all right, title, and interest worldwide in and to such work product. I understand and agree that I have no right to publish 

on, submit for publishing, or use for any publication any work product protected by this Section, except as necessary to perform services for Company. 
 
 2.8 Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights and Assistance. I will assist Company in every proper way to obtain, and from time to time enforce, United States and foreign Intellectual Property Rights and Moral Rights relating to Company Inventions in any and all countries. To that end I will execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts (including appearances as a witness) as Company may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing such Intellectual Property Rights and the assignment thereof. In addition, I will execute, verify and deliver assignments of such Intellectual Property Rights to Company or its designee, including the United States or any third party designated by Company. My obligation to assist Company with respect to Intellectual Property Rights relating to such Company Inventions in any and all countries will continue beyond the termination of my employment, but Company will compensate me at a reasonable rate after my termination for the time actually spent by me at Company's request on such assistance. In the event Company is unable for any reason, after reasonable effort, to secure my signature on any document needed in connection with the actions specified in this paragraph, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and in my behalf to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the preceding paragraph with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. I hereby waive and quitclaim to Company any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, which I now or may hereafter have for infringement of any Intellectual Property Rights assigned under this Agreement to Company. 

4 

2.9 Incorporation of Software Code. I agree that I will not incorporate into any Company software or otherwise deliver to Company any software code licensed under the GNU General Public License or Lesser General Public License or any other license that, by its terms, requires or conditions the use or distribution of such code on the disclosure, licensing, or distribution of any source code owned or licensed by Company except in strict compliance with Company s policies regarding the use of such software. 
 
 3. R ECORDS . I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current records (in the form of notes, sketches, drawings and in any other form that is required by Company) of all Confidential Information developed by me and all Company Inventions made by me during the period of my employment at Company, which records will be available to and remain the sole property of Company at all times. 
 
 4. D UTY OF L OYALTY D URING E MPLOYMENT . I agree that during the period of my employment by Company I will not, without Company's express written consent, directly or indirectly engage in any employment or business activity which is directly or indirectly competitive with, or would otherwise conflict with, my employment by Company. 
 
 5. N O S OLICITATION OF E MPLOYEES , C ONSULTANTS , OR C ONTRACTORS . I agree that during the period of my employment and for the one (1) year period after the date my employment ends for any reason, including but not limited to voluntary termination by me or involuntary termination by Company, I will not, as an officer, director, employee, consultant, owner, partner, or in any other capacity, either directly or through others, except on behalf of Company solicit, induce, encourage, or participate in soliciting, inducing or encouraging any employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Company to terminate his, her or its relationship with Company, even if I did not initiate the discussion or seek out the contact. 

R EASONABLENESS OF R ESTRICTIONS . 
 
 6.1 I agree that I have read this entire Agreement and understand it. I agree that this Agreement does not prevent me from earning a living or pursuing my career. I agree that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are reasonable, proper, and necessitated by Company s legitimate business interests. I represent and agree that I am entering into this Agreement freely and with knowledge of its contents with the intent to be bound by the Agreement and the restrictions contained in it. 
 
 6.2 In the event that a court or arbitrator finds this Agreement, or any of its restrictions, to be ambiguous, unenforceable, or invalid, Company and I agree that the court or arbitrator will read the Agreement as a whole and interpret the restriction(s) at issue to be enforceable and valid to the maximum extent allowed by law. 
 
 6.3 If the court or arbitrator declines to enforce this Agreement in the manner provided in subsection 6.2, Company and I agree that this Agreement will be automatically modified to provide Company with the maximum protection of its business interests allowed by law and I agree to be bound by this Agreement as modified. 
 
 7. N O D ISPARAGEMENT . I agree that, during my employment with the Company and after the termination of my employment for any reason, I will not disparage the Company, its officers, directors, managers, employees, consultants, shareholders, or agents, in any manner likely to be harmful to it or their business, business reputation or personal reputation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit me from making truthful statements or disclosures required by applicable law, regulation or legal process or from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or 

5 

discrimination or any other conduct that I have reason to believe is unlawful or requesting or receiving confidential legal advice. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit my right to make truthful statements in the proper performance of my job duties for the Company, discuss my employment, or report possible violations of law or regulation with the SEC, EEOC, DOL, NLRB, OSHA or other federal government agency or similar state or local agency, or to discuss the terms and conditions of my employment with others to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7 of the NLRA, or to the extent that such disclosure is protected under the applicable provisions of law or regulation, including but not limited to whistleblower statutes or other similar provisions that protect such disclosure. 
 
 8. N O C ONFLICTING A GREEMENT OR OBLIGATION. I represent that my employment by Company does not and will not breach any agreement with any former employer or third party, including any noncompete agreement or any agreement to keep in confidence or refrain from using information acquired by me prior to my employment by Company. I further represent that I have not entered into, and will not enter into, any agreement, either written or oral, in conflict with my obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 9. R ETURN O F C OMPANY P ROPERTY . Subject to the nondisclosure requirements of Section 1.1 above, upon termination of my employment or upon Company s request at any other time, I will deliver to Company any and all of Company s property and equipment and any and all drawings, notes, memoranda, specifications, devices, formulas and documents, together with all copies thereof, and any other material containing or disclosing any Company Inventions, Third Party Information or Confidential Information of Company. I agree that I will not copy, delete, or alter any information contained upon my Company computer or Company equipment before I return it to Company. In addition, if I have used any personal computer, 

server, or e-mail system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company information, including but not limited to, Confidential Information, I agree to provide the Company access to any such personal systems as reasonably requested to search for, copy and or delete such information, and upon my employment termination I agree to provide Company with a computer-useable copy of all such Confidential Information and then permanently delete and expunge such Confidential Information from those systems and I agree to provide Company access to my system as reasonably requested to verify that the necessary copying and or deletion is completed. I further agree that any property situated on Company s premises and owned by Company, including disks and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection by Company s personnel at any time with or without notice. Prior to leaving, I will cooperate with Company in attending an exit interview and completing and signing Company s Termination Certificate however, my failure to sign and deliver the Termination Certificate shall in no way diminish my continuing obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 10. L EGAL AND E QUITABLE R EMEDIES . 
 
 10.1 I agree that it may be impossible to assess the damages caused by my violation of this Agreement or any of its terms. I agree that any threatened or actual violation of this Agreement or any of its terms will constitute immediate and irreparable injury to Company, and Company will have the right to enforce this Agreement and any of its provisions by injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief, without bond and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that Company may have for a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement. 
 
 10.2 In the event Company enforces this Agreement through a court or arbitration order, I agree that the restrictions of Sections 5 will remain 

6 

in effect for a period of twelve (12) months from the effective date of the order enforcing the Agreement. 
 
 11. N OTICES . Any notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be given to Company at its headquarters location at the time notice is given, and to me at my address as listed on Company payroll, or at such other address as Company or I may designate by written notice to the other. Notice will be effective upon receipt or refusal of delivery. If delivered by certified or registered mail, notice will be considered to have been given five (5) business days after it was mailed, as evidenced by the postmark. If delivered by courier or express mail service, notice will be considered to have been given on the delivery date reflected by the courier or express mail service receipt. 
 
 12. N OTIFICATION O F N EW E MPLOYER . If I leave the employ of Company, I consent to the notification of my new employer of my rights and obligations under this Agreement, by Company providing a copy of this Agreement or otherwise. 
 
 13. G ENERAL P ROVISIONS . 
 
 13.1 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. 
 
 13.2 Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions, subsections, or sentences contained in this Agreement will, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained in this Agreement. If moreover, any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement will for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, 

geographical scope, activity or subject, it will be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the applicable law as it will then appear. 
 
 13.3 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is for my benefit and the benefit of Company, its successors, assigns, parent corporations, direct and indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, and purchasers, and will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives. 
 
 13.4 Survival. This Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment, regardless of the reason, and the assignment of this Agreement by Company to any successor in interest or other assignee. 
 
 13.5 Employment At-Will. I agree and understand that nothing in this Agreement will change my at-will employment status or confer any right with respect to continuation of employment by Company, nor will it interfere in any way with my right or Company's right to terminate my employment at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. 
 
 13.6 Waiver. No waiver by Company of any breach of this Agreement will be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver by Company of any right under this Agreement will be construed as a waiver of any other right. Company will not be required to give notice to enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement. 
 
 13.7 Export. I agree not to export, reexport, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from Company or any products utilizing such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations. 
 
 13.8 Advice of Counsel. I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS 

7 

AGREEMENT, I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 13.9 Entire Agreement. The obligations pursuant to Sections 1 and 2 of this Agreement will apply to any time during which I was previously engaged, or am in the future engaged, by Company as a consultant (except Subsection 2.4 and 2.7(a)) or employee if no other agreement governs nondisclosure and assignment of inventions during such period. This Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive 

agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between us. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party to be charged. Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 

This Agreement shall be effective as of the first day of my employment with the Company. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 I HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND HAVE BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW IT WITH INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL. I HAVE ALSO COMPLETELY FILLED OUT ATTACHMENT 1. 

COMPANY 
 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED 

s Zachary Roberts s Veer Bhavnagri (Signature) (Signature) By Zachary Roberts By Veer Bhavnagri Title EVP Research + Development Title General Counsel Date Jan 8, 2023 Date January 3, 2022 Address Address 210 E. Grand Avenue, South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 
 8 

ATTACHMENT 1 
 PRIOR INVENTIONS 
 TO Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. FROM Zachary Roberts, M.D., Ph.D. DATE 1 8 2023 SUBJECT Prior Inventions 
 
 1. Except as listed in Section 2 below, the following is a complete list of all inventions or improvements relevant to the subject matter of my employment by Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. Company that have been made or conceived or first reduced to practice by me alone or jointly with others prior to my engagement by Company 

No inventions or improvements 
 See below WO2022130017A3 Processing of Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes WO2022130015A2 Processing at Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes 
 
 Additional sheets attached. 
 2. Due to a prior confidentiality agreement, I cannot complete the disclosure under Section 1 above with respect to inventions or improvements generally listed below, the intellectual property rights and duty of confidentiality with respect to which I owe to the following party(ies) 
 
 Invention or Improvement Party(ies) Relationship 1. 2. 3. 
 
 Additional sheets attached. 

A-1 

ATTACHMENT 2 
 LIMITED EXCLUSION NOTIFICATION 

This is to notify you in accordance with Section 2872 of the California Labor Code that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Company any Invention that you develop entirely on your own time without using Company's equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information, except for those Inventions that either 
 
 (a) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice to Company's business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development or 
 
 (b) Result from any work performed by you for Company. 
 
 To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require you to assign an Invention otherwise excluded from the preceding paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 
 
 This limited exclusion does not apply to any patent or Invention covered by a contract between Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or Invention to be in the United States. 

2 

EXHIBIT B 
 Arbitration Agreement 

Arbitration Agreement 
 
 I recognize that disputes may arise between Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company and me during or following my employment with the Company, and that those disputes may or may not be related to my employment. To address this possibility and facilitate efficiency and swift resolution, I am voluntarily agreeing to enter into this Arbitration Agreement Agreement to determine how any such disputes will be resolved. The parties understand and agree that by entering into this Agreement, they anticipate gaining the benefits of a speedy, impartial, final and binding dispute-resolution procedure. 
 
 The Company and I mutually consent to the resolution by arbitration of all claims or controversies claims ), past, present or future, whether or not arising out of my employment (or its termination), that the Company may have against me or that I (and no other party) may have against (1) the Company (2) the Company s officers, directors, employees or agents in whatever capacity (3) the Company s parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities (4) the Company s benefit plans or the plans sponsors, fiduciaries, administrators, affiliates and agents (except claims under an employee benefit or pension plan that specifies a different claims process and or (5) all successors and assigns of any of them. The Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C., Sections 1-16) FAA shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings pursuant to this Agreement. To the extent that the Federal Arbitration Act is inapplicable, or held not to require arbitration of a particular claim or claims, the arbitration law of the state in which I work or last worked for the Company shall apply. 
 
 Arbitrable claims include, but are not limited to claims for wages other compensation due and any related claims claims for breach of any contract or covenant (express or implied) tort claims claims for retaliation claims for harassment claims for discrimination (including, but not limited to, race, sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, marital status, physical or mental disability or handicap, or medical condition) claims for benefits (except as noted above) and claims for violation of any federal, state, or other governmental law, statute, regulation, or ordinance. The following claims are not covered by this Agreement claims for Workers Compensation or Unemployment Insurance benefits claims pending against the Company at the time I sign this Agreement in any forum and claims that as a matter of law cannot be subject to arbitration. 
 
 Both the Company and I hereby waive the right to a trial by jury or judge, or by administrative proceeding, for any claim or dispute covered by this Agreement. Both the Company and I agree that neither of us shall initiate or prosecute any lawsuit in any way related to any claim covered by this Agreement to arbitrate, except that this Agreement does not prohibit the filing of or pursuit of relief through the following (i) seeking temporary or preliminary injunction relief as is otherwise available by law, (ii) an administrative charge to any federal, state or local equal employment opportunity or fair employment practices agency, (iii) an administrative charge to the National Labor Relations Board, or (iv) any other charge filed with or communication to a federal, state or local government office, official or agency. 
 
 The arbitration will be held before a neutral arbitrator under the auspices of JAMS. The arbitration shall take place in the county (or comparable government unit) in which I am or was last employed by the Company, and, except as provided above, no dispute affecting my rights or 
 
 1 

responsibilities shall be adjudicated in any other venue or forum. The arbitration shall be held in accordance with its then-current Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures (and no other JAMS rules), which are currently available at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment- arbitration. I understand that the Company will provide me a written copy of those rules upon my request. The Arbitrator shall be either a retired judge, or an attorney who is experienced in employment law and licensed to practice law in the state in which the arbitration is convened (the Arbitrator ), and shall be selected pursuant to the JAMS rules. 
 
 The Arbitrator shall apply the substantive law (and the law of remedies, if applicable) of the state in which the claim arose, or federal law, or both, as applicable to the claim(s) asserted. The Arbitrator is without jurisdiction to apply any different substantive law or law of remedies. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall apply. The Arbitrator shall have the power to award any types of legal or equitable relief that would be available under applicable law, shall have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute, and shall render an award and written opinion, which shall include the factual and legal basis for the award. The arbitration decision shall be final and binding upon the parties. 
 
 Questions regarding the enforceability, interpretation, scope, applicability or coverage of this Agreement (including whether an issue is subject to arbitration under this Agreement) shall be decided by the arbitrator. Likewise, procedural questions which grow out of the dispute and bear on the final disposition are also matters for the arbitrator. Pursuant to the FAA, issues of contract formation and enforcement relating to this Agreement shall be governed by and decided under the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of law rules. 
 
 The Company will be responsible for paying any filing fee and the fees and costs of the Arbitrator. Each party shall pay in the first instance its own litigation costs and attorneys fees, if any. However, if any party prevails on a claim which affords the prevailing party attorneys fees and or litigation costs, then the Arbitrator shall rule upon a motion for attorneys fees and or litigation costs under the same standards a court would apply under the law applicable to the claim(s) at issue. 
 
 To the maximum extent permitted by law, all claims, disputes, or causes of action under this Agreement, whether by me or the Company, must be brought in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported class, collective, or representative proceeding provided, however, that this Agreement shall not apply to any representative action under the California Private Attorney General Act PAGA ). The arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity, and may not preside over any form of representative, collective or class proceeding. If a court adjudicating a case involving the Company and me were to determine that there is an unwaivable right to bring a class action, any such action shall be brought only in court, and not in arbitration. 
 
 The Company and I agree that any arbitration, including, without limitation, discovery, documents produced and or entered into evidence, hearings, legal briefing and the final award, shall be confidential, although the final award may be disclosed as necessary to confirm the award and obtain entry of a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Company and I further agree that we will execute written confidentiality agreements in order to ensure arbitration remains confidential. 
 
 2 

This Agreement shall survive the termination of my employment and the expiration of any benefit plan. It can only be revoked by a writing signed by both the Company s General Counsel and me specifically stating the intent to revoke this Agreement. 
 
 This is the complete agreement of the parties on the subjects covered, and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings on the subjects addressed in this Agreement provided, however, that if this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, then any prior arbitration agreement between the Company and me shall survive. No party is relying on any representations, oral or written, on the subject of the effect, enforceability or meaning of this Agreement, except as specifically set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement only can be modified in a written agreement signed by the parties. 
 
 If any provision of this Agreement is adjudged to be void or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, such adjudication shall not affect the validity of the remainder of the agreement. All other provisions shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 I understand that nothing in this agreement affects the at-will nature of my employment with the Company, and that my employment may be terminated by either party, at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. 
 
 I acknowledge that I have carefully read this Agreement, that I understand its terms and that I have entered into the Agreement voluntarily and not in reliance of any promises or representations by the Company other than those contained in the Agreement. I have been given the opportunity to ask questions about the Agreement, propose modifications, negotiate the terms, and discuss this Agreement with my own legal counsel. I understand that by signing this Agreement, I am giving up my right to a jury trial. Further, I understand that I can choose not to enter into this Agreement without penalty, but have decided to voluntarily enter into the Agreement to facilitate resolution of any future disputes. 

Date Jan 5, 2023 s Zachary Roberts Employee Signature Zachary Roberts Printed Name of Employee Date Jan 28, 2022 COMPANY By s Veer Bhavnagri Veer Bhavnagri, General Counsel 
 3 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 allo-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statements (Forms S-8 Nos. 333-227965, 333-230164, 333-236701, 333-253530 and 333-262923) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc., and 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-268117) of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Mateo, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 allo-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Chang, M.D., Ph.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 By s David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 allo-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eric Schmidt, Ph.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allogene Therapeutics 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 By s Eric Schmidt, Ph.D Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 allo-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Chang, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 By s David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. David Chang, M.D., Ph.D. 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 allo-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Schmidt, Ph.D., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 By s Eric Schmidt, Ph.D Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 allo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 allo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 allo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 allo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 allo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

