<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_103730_0000103730-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19773604</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>398030</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2467014</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8166623</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4365444</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3507137</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000103730-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222071817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000103730-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		IRS NUMBER:				381686453
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07416
		FILM NUMBER:		23650534

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		63 LANCASTER AVENUE
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6106441300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		63 LANCASTER AVENUE
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000103730-23-000013.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(IRS employer identification no.)

,
 -2143

(Address of principal executive offices)

)

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading symbol

Name of exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
 Securities Act. No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section
 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Note Checking the box above will not relieve any
 registrant required to file reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13
 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File
 required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
 transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
 reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
 registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes

No 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of
 the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter 17.40 on July 2, 2022), assuming conversion of all of its Class B common stock held by non-affiliates into common stock of the registrant, was . There is no non-voting stock outstanding.

As of February 17, 2023, registrant had 
 shares of its common stock (excluding treasury stock) and shares of its Class B common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III.

This page intentionally left blank. 

2 

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022

CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

15 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

23 

Item 2. Properties 

23 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

25 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

25 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

26 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities 

27 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

28 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

29 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

55 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

57 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

57 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

57 

Item 9B. Other Information 

59 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

59 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

59 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

59 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

59 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

59 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

59 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

60 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

63 

SIGNATURES 

64 

Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

F-9 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-10 

3 

PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

Our Business

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Vishay, the Company, we, us, or our manufactures one of the world s largest portfolios of discrete semiconductors and passive
 electronic components that support innovative designs in the automotive, industrial, computing, consumer, telecommunications, military, aerospace, and medical markets. Serving customers worldwide, Vishay brands itself as The DNA of tech . 

Semiconductors include MOSFETs, diodes, and optoelectronic components. Passive components include resistors, inductors, and capacitors. Our semiconductor components
 are used for a wide variety of functions, including power control, power conversion, power management, signal switching, signal routing, signal blocking, signal amplification, two-way data transfer, one-way remote control, and circuit isolation.
 Our passive components are used to restrict current flow, suppress voltage increases, store and discharge energy, control alternating current AC and voltage, filter out unwanted electrical signals, and perform other functions.

The Vishay Story

For almost six decades we have been building what we call The DNA of tech. TM 

The Vishay journey began with one man, the late Dr. Felix Zandman, and a revolutionary technology. In the 1950 s, Dr. Felix Zandman was issued patents for his
 PhotoStress coatings and instruments, used to reveal and measure the distribution of stresses in structures such as airplanes and cars under live load conditions. His research in this area led him to develop Bulk Metal foil resistors 
 ultra-precise, ultra-stable resistors with performance exceeding any other resistor available to date.

In 1962, Dr. Zandman, with a loan from the late Alfred P. Slaner, founded Vishay to develop and manufacture Bulk Metal foil resistors. Concurrently, J.E. Starr
 developed foil resistance strain gages, which also became part of Vishay. Throughout the 1960 s and 1970 s, Vishay established itself as a technical and market leader in foil resistors, PhotoStress products, and strain gages.

From that beginning, we grew and strengthened our business both organically and through strategic passive component acquisitions beginning in 1985 and semiconductor
 acquisitions beginning in the late 1990 s. From discrete semiconductors to passive components; from the smallest diode to the most powerful capacitor, Vishay manufactures a breadth of products which we call The DNA of tech. 

Through R D, manufacturing, engineering, quality, sales and marketing, we generate a variety of components that support inventors and innovators creating new
 generations of products spanning many sectors: automotive, industrial, computing, consumer, telecommunications, military, aerospace, and medical.

Together with major manufacturers of electronic products worldwide, we are supporting next level automation in multiple areas, including factories, the electrification
 of the automobile, 5G network technology, and the rapid expansion of connectivity across everything (IoT).

We continue to implement Dr. Zandman s vision, strategy, and culture as we work tirelessly to enhance value for our stockholders.

Vishay was incorporated in Delaware in 1962 and maintains its principal executive offices at 63 Lancaster Avenue, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355-2143. Our telephone
 number is (610) 644-1300.

4 

Our Competitive Strengths

Global Technology Leader

As industry evolves, The DNA of tech evolves. We were founded based on the
 inventions of Dr. Felix Zandman and we continue to emphasize technological innovation as a driver of growth. Many of our products and manufacturing techniques, technologies, and packaging methods have been invented, designed, and developed by Dr.
 Zandman, our engineers, and our scientists. Our components today are smaller, faster, and more reliable than in the past, helping our customers to be more inventive and evolve their businesses. Our components are used by virtually all major
 manufacturers of electronic products worldwide in the automotive, industrial, computing, consumer, telecommunications, military and aerospace, and medical markets. They are found inside products and systems used every day, from automobiles to
 airplanes, power grids, phones, and pacemakers. We are currently a worldwide technology and market leader in wirewound and other power resistors, leaded film resistors, thin film SMD resistors, power inductors, wet and conformal-coated tantalum
 capacitors, capacitors for power electronics, power rectifiers, low-voltage power MOSFETs, and infrared components.

Research and Development Provides Customer-Driven Growth Solutions

We maintain strategically placed application and product support centers where proximity to customers and our manufacturing locations enables us to more easily gauge
 and satisfy the needs of local markets. The breadth of our product portfolio along with the proximity of our field application engineers to customers provides increased opportunities to have our components selected and designed into new end
 products by customers in all relevant market segments. We also maintain research and development personnel and promote programs at a number of our production facilities to develop new products and new applications of existing products, and to
 improve manufacturing processes and technologies. We plan to grow our business and increase earnings per share, in part, through accelerating the development of new products and technologies and increasing design-in opportunities by expanding our
 technical resources for providing solutions to customers.

Operational Excellence

We are a leading manufacturer in our industry, with a broad product portfolio, access to a wide range of end markets and sales channels, and geographic diversity. We
 have solid, well-established relationships with our customers and strong distribution channels. Our senior management team is highly experienced, with deep industry knowledge. Over the past two decades, our management team has successfully
 restructured our company and integrated several acquisitions. We can adapt our operations to changing economic conditions, as demonstrated by our ability to remain profitable and generate cash through the volatile economic cycle of the recent past.

Broad Market Penetration

We have one of the broadest product lines of discrete semiconductors and passive components among our competitors. Our broad product portfolio allows us to penetrate
 markets in all industry segments and all regions, which reduces our exposure to a particular end market or geographic location. We plan to grow our business and increase earnings per share, in part, through improving market penetration by expanding
 manufacturing facilities for our most successful products, increasing technical resources, and developing markets for specialty products in Asia. Over the next few years, we expect
 to experience higher growth rates than over the last decade. This expectation is based upon accelerated electrification, such as factory automation, electrical vehicles, and 5G infrastructure. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial
 statements for net revenues by region and end market.

Strong Track Record of Growth through Acquisitions

Since 1985, we have expanded our product line through various strategic acquisitions, growing from a small manufacturer of precision resistors and resistance strain
 gages to one of the world s largest manufacturers and suppliers of a broad line of electronic components. We have successfully integrated the acquired companies within our existing management and operational structure, reducing selling, general,
 and administrative expenses through the integration or elimination of redundant sales and administrative functions, creating manufacturing synergies, while improving customer service. We plan to grow our business and increase earnings per share, in
 part, through targeted acquisitions. We have often targeted high margin niche business acquisitions. We also target strategic acquisitions of businesses with technology and engineering capabilities that we can further develop and commercialize to
 grow our business.

Strong Free Cash Flow Generation

We refer to the amount of cash generated from operations in excess of our capital expenditure needs and net of proceeds from the sale of assets as free cash (see
 "Overview" included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for "free cash" definition and reconciliation to generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP")). Due to our strong
 operational management, cost control measures, efficient capital expenditures, broad product portfolio, and strong market position, we have generated positive free cash in each of the past 26 years and free cash in excess of 80 million in each
 of the past 21 years. We expect the benefits of our restructuring and other cost cutting measures (see Cost Management included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to contribute to
 our free cash generation going forward.

Financial Strength and Flexibility

As of December 31, 2022, our cash and short-term investment balance exceeded our debt balance by 415.2 million. We also maintain a credit facility, which provides a revolving commitment of up to 750 million through June 5, 2024, of which 707.1 million was available as of December 31,
 2022. Our net cash position and short-term investment balance, available revolving commitment, and strong free cash flow generation provide financial strength and flexibility and reduce our exposure to future economic uncertainties.

5 

Our Key Challenges

Economic Environment

Our business and operating results have been and will continue to be impacted by the global economy and the local economies in which our customers operate. Our
 revenues are dependent on end markets that are impacted by fluctuating consumer and industrial demand, and our operating results can be adversely affected by reduced demand in those markets.

Competition

Our business is highly competitive worldwide, with low transportation costs and few import barriers. Our major competitors, some of which are larger than us, have
 significant financial resources and technological capabilities. To continue to grow our business successfully, we need to continually develop, introduce, and market new and innovative products, modify existing products, respond to technological
 change, and customize certain products to meet customer requirements.

Continuous Innovation and Protection of Intellectual Property

Our ability to compete effectively with other companies depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. Although we have been
 awarded, have filed applications for, or have licenses to use, numerous patents in the United States and other countries, there can be no assurance concerning the degree of protection afforded by these patents or the likelihood that pending patents
 will be issued.

Continuing to Grow through Acquisitions

Our long-term historical growth in revenues and net earnings has resulted in large part from our strategy of growth through acquisitions. For this strategy to remain
 successful, we need to continue to identify attractive and available acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions on favorable terms, and integrate new businesses, manufacturing processes, employees, and logistical arrangements into our existing
 management and operating infrastructure.

Recent Events: COVID-19 Pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have an adverse global impact, while the widespread economic impact on Vishay was temporary, as evidenced by our revenues since the
 beginning of 2021. The negative impacts on Vishay included disruptions in our ability to manufacture products, disruptions in the operations of our customers, and disruptions in shipping, which contributed to higher costs. Similar disruptions
 have occurred on a more limited scale and may continue to occur. To continue to be successful, we will need to continue to adapt our business and operations for the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and potential future coronavirus outbreaks and
 the mitigation efforts by governments to attempt to control their spread.

Recent Events: Supply Chain Disruption

The production and sale of our products is reliant on a complex global interconnected supply chain of vendors, manufacturing facilities, third-party contractors,
 shipping partners, distributors, and end market customers. Our production and results of operations can be negatively impacted by disruptions to any part of the supply chain, many of which are beyond our control. We remain cognizant of these
 challenges and seek to minimize their effects whenever possible. For a more detailed discussion, see "Supply Chain" below.

For a more detailed discussion of the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
 or financial condition, see Risk Factors in Item 1A.

6 

Key Business Strategies

Our business strategy principally consists of the following elements:

Think Customer First 

We maintain significant production facilities in those regions where we market the bulk of our products in order to enhance the service and responsiveness that we
 provide to our customers. We aim to further strengthen our relationships with customers and strategic partners by providing broad product lines that allow us to provide one-stop shop service, whereby they can streamline their design and
 purchasing processes by ordering multiple types of products, by anticipating customer needs, and supporting increasing customer demand.

Invest in Innovation to Drive Growth

We plan to continue to use our research and development R D ), engineering, and product marketing resources to continually roll out new and innovative products.
 As part of our plan to foster intensified internal growth, we have increased our worldwide R D and engineering technical staff, and increased our technical field sales force in Asia to increase opportunities to design-in our products in local
 markets. Our ability to react to changing customer needs and industry trends will continue to be key to our success. We intend to leverage our insights into customer demand to continually develop new innovative products within our existing lines
 and to modify our existing core products to make them more appealing, addressing changing customer needs and industry trends. We are directing increased funding and are focusing on developing products to capitalize on the mega trends of
 electrification, data storage, and wireless communications that are critical to our future success.

We are also investing in additional capital expenditures to expand key product lines. Over the next few
 years, we expect to experience higher growth rates than over the last decade. This expectation is based upon accelerated electrification, such as factory automation, electrical vehicles, and 5G infrastructure. 

Growth through Strategic Acquisitions

We plan to continue to expand within the electronic components industry, through the acquisition of other manufacturers of electronic components that have established
 positions in major markets, reputations for product innovation, quality, and reliability, strong customer bases, and product lines with which we have substantial marketing and technical expertise. It also includes certain businesses that possess
 technologies which we expect to further develop and commercialize.

Cost Management

We place a strong emphasis on controlling our costs. We focus on controlling fixed costs and reducing variable costs. When our ongoing cost management activities are
 not adequate, we take actions to maintain our cost competitiveness including restructuring our business to improve efficiency and operating performance.

Our growth plan was designed based on the tenets of the key business strategies listed above.

Products

We design, manufacture, and market electronic components that cover a wide range of functions and technologies. Our products include commodity, non-commodity, and
 custom products in which we believe we enjoy a good reputation and strong brand recognition, including our Siliconix, Dale, Draloric, Beyschlag, Sfernice, MCB, UltraSource, Applied Thin-Film Products, IHLP , HiRel Systems, Sprague, Vitramon, Barry,
 Roederstein, ESTA, and BCcomponents brands. We promote our ability to provide one-stop shop service to customers, whereby they can streamline their design and purchasing processes by ordering multiple types of products from Vishay. Our
 technical sales force consisting of field application engineers offers customers the complete breadth of the Vishay portfolio for their applications. We aim to use this broad portfolio to increase opportunities to have our components selected and
 designed in to new end products.

We consider any product which is completely interchangeable with a competitor s product to be a commodity product. Commodity products serve many markets. Commodity
 products generally comprise about 35 to 40 of our annual revenues.

We consider any of our standard products that may be sold to multiple customers, which is not completely interchangeable with a competitor s product, to be a
 non-commodity product. Non-commodity products generally have a small number of competitors who have similar, but not exact, products. Non-commodity products typically serve a particular end-use market. Non-commodity products generally comprise
 about 40 to 45 of our annual revenues.

We also sell several custom products. Usually, a custom product is designed for a specific customer, and such part number is sold to only that customer. Custom
 products generally comprise about 20 to 25 of our annual revenues.

We evaluate our level of product innovation by measuring how much of our revenue is derived from products developed in the previous five years. Products for certain
 end-use markets, particularly the automotive market, tend to have longer product life cycles, which may impact these metrics. Approximately 25 of our annual revenues are generated by products that were developed in the previous five years.

Product Segments

Our products can be divided into two general classes: semiconductors and passive components. Semiconductors are sometimes referred to as active components because
 they require power to function whereas passive components do not require power to function. Our semiconductor and passive components
 products are further categorized based on their functionality for financial reporting purposes.

7 

Semiconductors

Our semiconductor products include metal oxide semiconductor field-effect transistors ("MOSFETs"), diodes, and optoelectronic components. Semiconductors are typically
 used to perform functions such as switching, amplifying, rectifying, routing, or transmitting electrical signals, power conversion, and power management.

MOSFETs Segment 

MOSFETs function as solid state switches to control power. Our MOSFETs business includes both the commodity and non-commodity markets in which we believe that we
 enjoy a good reputation and strong brand recognition (Siliconix). MOSFETs applications include mobile phones, notebook and desktop computers, tablet computers, digital cameras, televisions, DC/DC and AC/DC switch mode power supplies, solar
 inverters, automotive and industrial systems. We are a leader in low-voltage TrenchFET MOSFETs and also offer high-voltage MOSFETs. Our MOSFETs product line includes low- and medium-voltage TrenchFET MOSFETs, high-voltage planar MOSFETs, high
 voltage Super Junction MOSFETs, power integrated circuits (power ICs), and integrated function power devices. We are one of the technology leaders in MOSFETs, with a tradition of innovation in wafer design, packaging, and performance. Our
 acquisition of MaxPower Semiconductor, Inc. on October 28, 2022 adds leading edge silicon and silicon carbide technology to our MOSFETs product line. 

Commodity products generally comprise about 55 to 60 of our annual MOSFETs segment revenues. Non-commodity products generally comprise about 30 to 35 of our
 annual MOSFETs segment revenues. Custom products generally comprise 10 to 15 of our annual MOSFETs segment revenues. Approximately 30 of our annual MOSFETs segment revenues are generated by products that were developed in the previous five
 years.

Diodes Segment 

Diodes route, regulate, and block radio frequency, analog, and power signals; protect systems from
 surges or electrostatic discharge damage; or provide electromagnetic interference filtering. Our Diodes business is a solid business with a strong market presence in both the commodity and non-commodity markets. The products that
 comprise our Diodes business represent our broadest product line and include rectifiers, small signal diodes, protection diodes, thyristors/SCRs and power modules. The primary application of rectifiers, found inside the power supplies of virtually
 all electronic equipment, is to derive DC power from the AC supply. Vishay is the worldwide leader in rectifiers, having a broad technology base and a good position in automotive, industrial, computing and consumer markets. Our rectifier
 innovations include TMBS using Trench MOS barrier Schottky rectifier technology, which reduces power loss and improves the efficiency of end systems and eSMP , the best in class high-current density surface mount packages. Our wide selection of
 small signal diodes consist of the following functions: switching, tuning, band-switching, RF attenuation and voltage regulation (Zener). They are available in various glass and plastic packaging options and generally are used in electronic
 circuits, where small currents and high frequencies are involved. Vishay is also one of the market leaders for TVS (transient voltage suppressor) diodes. The portfolio of protection diodes includes ESD protection and EMI filter. Our thyristors or
 SCR (silicon-controlled rectifiers) are very popular in the industrial high-voltage AC power control applications. The fast growing markets of solar inverter and HEV/EV are the focus of our power modules business (IGBT or MOSFET modules). These
 modules can be customized to fit in different customer design requirements.

Commodity products generally comprise about 55 to 60 of our annual Diodes segment revenues. Non-commodity products generally comprise about 25 to 30 of our annual
 Diodes segment revenues. Custom products generally comprise about 15 to 20 of our annual Diodes segment revenues. Approximately 30 of our annual Diodes segment revenues are generated by products that were developed in the previous five years.

Optoelectronic Components Segment 

Optoelectronic components emit light, detect light, or do both. Our Optoelectronic Components business has a strong market presence in both the commodity and
 non-commodity markets. Our broad range of standard and customer specific optoelectronic components includes infrared IR emitters and detectors, IR remote control receivers, optocouplers, solid-state relays, optical sensors, light-emitting
 diodes LEDs ), 7-segment displays, and IR data transceiver modules (IrDA ). Our IR remote control receivers are designed for use in infrared remote control, data transmission, and light barrier applications in end products including televisions,
 set-top boxes, notebook computers, and audio systems. We are the leading manufacturer of IR remote control receivers. Our optocouplers electrically isolate input and output signals. Uses include switch-mode power supplies, consumer electronics,
 telecommunications equipment, solar inverters, and industrial systems. Our IR data transceiver modules are used for short range, two-way, high-speed, and secure wireless data transfer between electronic devices such as home medical appliances,
 mobile phones, industrial data loggers, and metering. Our optical sensors product line was considerably strengthened by our acquisition of Capella in 2014. Our optical sensors products include ambient light sensors, optical encoders, integrated
 photodiode and I/V amplifiers, proximity sensors, color sensors, and UV sensors. Applications include telecommunications, mobile phones, smartphone, handheld devices, digital cameras, laptops, desktop computers, LED backlighting, office automation
 equipment, household electrical appliance and automotive electronics. Our LEDs are designed for backlighting and illumination in automotive and other applications. Our LEDs include ultra-bright as well as small surface-mount packages, with
 products available in all standard colors including white.

All of our Optoelectronic Components segment products are non-commodity or custom products. Approximately 25 of our annual Optoelectronic Components segment revenues
 are generated by products that were developed in the previous five years.

8 

Passive Components

Our passive components include resistors, inductors, and capacitors. Passive components are used to store electrical charges, to limit or resist electrical current,
 and to help in filtering, surge suppression, measurement, timing, and tuning applications.

Resistors Segment 

Resistors impede electric current. Resistors are basic components used in all forms of electronic
 circuitry to adjust and regulate levels of voltage and current. Our Resistors business is our original business. We maintain the broadest portfolio of resistor products worldwide. Under current market conditions, the business is solid,
 predictable, and growing at relatively stable selling prices. We are a market leader with a strong technology base, many specialty products, and strong brand recognition (such as our Dale, Draloric, Beyschlag, and Sfernice brands). We focus on
 higher value markets in specialized industries, while maintaining a complete portfolio of commodity products. We do not aim to be the volume leader in commodity markets.

Resistors vary widely in precision and cost, and are manufactured from numerous materials and in many forms. Linear resistive components are classified as variable or
 fixed, depending on whether or not their resistance is adjustable. Non-linear resistors function by varying in resistance under influence of temperature (thermistors) or voltage (varistors). They can be used in temperature-measuring applications or
 as current or voltage-limiting devices. We manufacture virtually all types of fixed resistors, both in discrete and network forms, as well as many variable types.

Vishay resistor innovations include Power Metal Strip technology. These resistors feature very low resistance and are used to measure changes in current flow
 (current sensing) or divert current flow (shunting).

Commodity products generally comprise about 20 to 25 of our annual Resistors segment revenues. Non-commodity products generally comprise about 50 to 55 of our
 annual Resistors segment revenues. Custom products generally comprise about 25 to 30 of our annual Resistors segment revenues. Approximately 15 of our annual Resistors segment revenues are generated by products that were developed in the
 previous five years.

Inductors Segment 

Inductors also impede electric current. Inductors use an internal magnetic field to change alternating
 current phase and resist alternating current. While part of our traditional business, the inductors product line has grown significantly in recent years. We are a market leader with a strong technology base, many specialty products, and
 strong name recognition (such as our IHLP and HiRel Systems brands). We focus on higher value markets in specialized industries, such as the industrial, automotive, military, and medical end markets.

Inductor applications include controlling AC current and voltage, filtering out unwanted electrical signals, and energy storage. Vishay inductor innovations include
 our patented IHLP low-profile, high-current inductor technology with industry-leading specifications. Our low-profile, high-current inductors save circuit board space and power in voltage regulator module VRM and DC to DC converter
 applications. In addition, we are a worldwide leader in custom magnetic solutions focusing on high performance and high reliability.

Substantially all of our Inductors segment products are non-commodity or custom products. Approximately 20 of our annual Inductors segment revenues are generated by
 products that were developed in the previous five years.

Capacitors Segment 

Capacitors store energy and discharge it when needed. Our Capacitors business consists of a broad range of reliable, high-quality products. We have a strong presence
 worldwide in specialty markets based on our product performance and reliability and strong brand recognition (including our Sprague, Vitramon, Roederstein, BCcomponents, and ESTA brands). We focus on higher value markets in specialized industries,
 while maintaining a complete portfolio of commodity products. We do not aim to be the volume leader in commodity markets. Capacitors are used in almost all electronic circuits. They store energy and discharge it when needed. Important applications
 for capacitors include electronic filtering for linear and switching power supplies; decoupling and bypass of electronic signals for integrated circuits and circuit boards; and frequency control, timing and conditioning of electronic signals for a
 broad range of applications.

We manufacture products based on all major capacitor technologies: tantalum (molded chip tantalum, coated chip tantalum, solid through-hole tantalum, wet tantalum, and
 polymer), ceramic (multilayer chip and ceramic disc), film, power, heavy-current, and aluminum electrolytic. Our capacitors range from tiny surface-mount devices for hearing aids and mobile devices to large power correction capacitors used in
 renewable energy, heavy industry, and electrical power grids. We are a recognized technology leader in many product ranges, securing our strong position in military and medical markets, and in a wide range of industrial and automotive applications.
 Our wet tantalum and MicroTan technologies are market leaders.

Commodity products generally comprise about 30 to 35 of our annual Capacitors segment revenues. Non-commodity products generally comprise about 45 to 50 of our
 annual Capacitors segment revenues. Custom products generally comprise about 15 to 20 of our annual Capacitors segment revenues. Approximately 25 of our annual Capacitors segment revenues are generated by products that were developed in the
 previous five years.

9 

Military Qualifications

We have qualified certain of our products under various military specifications approved and monitored by United States government agencies, and under certain European
 military specifications. Qualification levels are based in part upon the rate of failure of products. In order to maintain the classification level of a product, we must continuously perform tests on the product and the results of these tests must
 be reported to the government agencies. If the product fails to meet the requirements for the applicable classification level, the product s classification may be reduced to a lower level. During the time that the classification level is reduced
 for a product with military application, net revenues and earnings attributable to that product may be adversely affected.

Manufacturing Operations

In order to better serve our customers, we maintain production facilities in locations where we market the bulk of our products, such as the United States, Germany,
 and Asia. To optimize production efficiencies, we have whenever practicable established manufacturing facilities in countries, such as India, Israel, Malaysia, Mexico, the People s Republic of China, and the Philippines, where we can benefit from
 lower labor costs and also benefit from various government incentives, including tax relief.

One of our most sophisticated manufacturing operations is the production of power semiconductor components. This manufacturing process involves two phases of
 production: wafer fabrication and assembly (or packaging). Wafer fabrication subjects silicon wafers to various thermal, metallurgical, and chemical process steps that change their electrical and physical properties. These process steps define
 cells or circuits within numerous individual devices (termed dies or chips on each wafer. Assembly is the sequence of production steps that divides the wafer into individual chips and encloses the chips in structures (termed packages that
 make them usable in a circuit. Both wafer fabrication and assembly phases incorporate wafer level and device level electrical testing to ensure that device design integrity has been achieved.

In the United States, our manufacturing facilities are located in California, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island,
 South Dakota, Vermont, and Wisconsin. In Asia, our main manufacturing facilities are located in the People s Republic of China, the Republic of China (Taiwan), India, and Malaysia. In Europe, our main manufacturing facilities are located in
 Germany, France, and the Czech Republic. We have substantial manufacturing facilities in Israel. We also have manufacturing facilities in Austria, Dominican Republic, Japan, Hungary, Italy, Mexico, Portugal, and the Philippines. Over the past
 several years, we have invested substantial resources to increase the efficiency of our plants, which we believe will further reduce production costs.

All of our manufacturing operations have received ISO 9001 certification. ISO 9001
 is a comprehensive set of quality program standards developed by the International Standards Organization.

Supply Chain

The production and sale of our products is reliant on a complex global interconnected supply chain of vendors, manufacturing facilities, third-party foundries and
 subcontractors, shipping partners, distributors, and end market customers. Disruption in one part of the supply chain could cause disruption in all other parts of the supply chain. Global shipping impacts several parts of the supply chain and the
 disruptions experienced in the recent years have, at times, negatively impacted our ability to manufacture products and to deliver them to customers.

Although most materials incorporated into our products are available from a number of sources, certain materials, including plastics and metals, are produced in only a
 limited number of regions around the world or are available from only a limited number of suppliers. Suppliers periodically extend lead times, face capacity constraints, limit supplies, increase prices, experience quality issues, or encounter
 cybersecurity or other issues that can interrupt or increase the cost of our supply. The unavailability or reduced availability of these materials could require us to temporarily cease or reduce production or incur additional costs.

Customer requirements and certain laws pertaining to the responsible sourcing of materials, including tantalum, tungsten, tin, gold, and cobalt, all of which are used
 in the Company s products, are increasing and becoming more stringent. Responsible sourcing efforts may result in increased prices and decreased availability of these materials.

Many of the metals used in the manufacture of our products, including gold, copper, and palladium, are traded on active markets and can be subject to significant price
 volatility. To ensure adequate supply and to provide cost certainty, our policy is to enter into short-term commitments to purchase defined portions of annual consumption of the raw materials utilized if market prices decline below budget. If
 after entering into these commitments, the market prices for these raw materials decline, we must recognize losses on these adverse purchase commitments. In certain circumstances, we also purchase precious metals bullion in excess of our immediate
 manufacturing needs to mitigate the risk of supply shortages or volatile price fluctuations.

Our production can be disrupted by the unavailability of resources, such as water, energy, and gases. The unavailability or reduced availability of these resources
 could require us to reduce production or incur additional costs.

We use third-party foundries and subcontractors for certain of our manufacturing activities, primarily wafer fabrication and the assembly and testing of finished
 goods. Establishing third-party contract manufacturer relationships can be time consuming and costly, and the number of qualified providers is limited. Our agreements with these manufacturers typically require us to commit to purchase services
 based on forecasted product needs, which may be inaccurate, and, in some cases, require us to recognize losses on these adverse purchase commitments. Our agreements may limit our ability to increase production, particularly during periods of
 growing demand for our products.

10 

Due to our global supply chain, we are impacted by global trade disputes. The governments of the U.S. and the People s Republic of China remain in a trade dispute
 that has resulted in tariffs and other trade restrictions including import / export prohibitions. Disruptions to global trade could result in customers seeking different sources of product or requiring us to seek different sources of supply. New
 or revised trade agreements could require changes in operations in the long-term. 

We remain cognizant of these supply chain challenges and seek to minimize their effects whenever possible. Despite our best efforts, there can be no assurances we
 will be successful in mitigating these risks.

Inventory and Backlog

We manufacture both standardized products and those designed and produced to meet customer specifications. We maintain an inventory of standardized components and
 monitor the backlog of outstanding orders for our products.

We include in our backlog only open orders that we expect to ship in the next twelve months. Many of our customers encounter uncertain and changing demand for their
 products. They typically order products from us based on their forecasts. If demand falls below customers forecasts, or if customers do not control their inventory effectively, they may cancel or reschedule the shipments included in our backlog,
 in many instances without the payment of any penalty. Therefore, our backlog at any point in time is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future periods.

Customers and Marketing

We sell our products to original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), electronic manufacturing services EMS companies, which manufacture for OEMs on an outsourcing
 basis, and independent distributors that maintain large inventories of electronic components for resale to OEMs and EMS companies. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for net revenues by customer type.

Our sales organizations are regionally based. While our sales and support procedures are typically similar across all regions, we remain flexible in our ability to
 offer programs tailored to our customers specific support requirements in each local area. The aim of our sales organizations is supporting our customers across all product lines, developing new design wins, negotiating contracts, and providing
 general commercial support as would normally be expected of a large multi-national sales force.

We have an established Strategic Global Account program, which provides each of our top customers with a dedicated Strategic Global Account Manager. Our Strategic
 Global Account Managers are typically highly experienced salesmen or saleswomen who are capable of providing key customers with the coordination and management visibility required in a complex multi-product business relationship. They typically
 coordinate the sales, pricing, contract, logistic, quality, and other aspects of the customer s business requirements. The Strategic Global Account Manager normally is the focal point of communication between Vishay and our main customers. We
 maintain a similar program for our strategic distributors as well.

We work with our customers so that our products are incorporated into the design of electronic equipment at the earliest stages of development and to provide technical
 and applications support. In addition to our staff of direct field sales personnel, independent manufacturers representatives, and distributors, our Business Development group maintains teams of dedicated Field Application Engineers FAEs to
 assist our customers in solving technical problems and in developing products to meet specific customer application needs using our entire product portfolio to provide support for our customers engineering needs. Organized by market segment, our
 Business Development FAEs bring specific knowledge of component applications in their areas of expertise in the automotive, telecommunications, computer, consumer/entertainment, industrial, peripherals, digital consumer, and other market segments.
 With the ultimate goal of a Vishay design-in the process by which our customers specify a Vishay component in their products this program offers our customers enhanced access to all Vishay technologies while at the same time increasing design
 wins, and ultimately sales, for us. Most importantly, the process is closely monitored via a proprietary database developed by our Business Development group. Our database captures specific design activities and allows for real-time measurement of
 new business potential for our management team.

Our top 30 customers have been relatively stable despite not having long-term commitments to purchase our products. With selected customers, we have signed longer term
 (greater than one year) contracts for specific products. Net revenues from our top 30 customers represent approximately 70 of our
 total net revenues. No single customer comprised more than 10 of our total net revenues for 2022.

In certain areas we also work with sales representatives. The commission expense for these sales representatives is not material.

Research and Development

Many of our products and manufacturing techniques, technologies, and packaging methods have been invented, designed, and developed by Dr. Felix Zandman, our engineers,
 and our scientists. We maintain strategically placed design centers where proximity to customers enables us to more easily gauge and satisfy the needs of local markets. These design centers are located predominantly in the United States, Germany,
 Italy, Israel, the People s Republic of China, France, and the Republic of China (Taiwan).

We also employ research and development personnel and promote programs at a number of our production facilities to develop new products and new applications of
 existing products and to improve manufacturing processes and technologies. This decentralized system encourages product development at individual manufacturing facilities, closer to our customers.

11 

Competition

We face strong competition in various product lines from both domestic and foreign manufacturers. Our primary competitors by product type include:

MOSFETs: Infineon, ON Semiconductor, Renesas, STMicroelectronics, Toshiba.

Diodes: Diodes Inc., Nexperia, ON Semiconductor, Rohm, STMicroelectronics.

Optoelectronic Components: Broadcom, ON Semiconductor, Renesas, Toshiba.

Resistors: Bourns, KOA, Murata, Panasonic, Rohm, TDK-EPCOS, Yageo.

Inductors: Bourns, Cyntec, Murata, Panasonic, Taiyo Yuden, TDK-EPCOS, Yageo.

Capacitors: Kyocera, Murata, Nichicon, Panasonic, Taiyo Yuden, TDK-EPCOS, Yageo.

There are many other companies that produce products in the markets in which we compete.

Our competitive position depends on our ability to maintain a competitive advantage on the basis of product quality, know-how, proprietary data, market knowledge,
 service capability, technological innovation, business reputation, and price competitiveness. Our sales and marketing programs aim to compete by offering our customers a broad range of world-class technologies and products, superior global sales
 and distribution support, and a secure and multi-location source of product supply.

There has been a considerable amount of consolidation activity in the electronic component industry, some of which involved our primary competitors. We view the
 industry consolidation as an opportunity for us to gain business as an independent second-source supplier.

Patents and Licenses

We have made a significant investment in securing intellectual property protection for our technology and products. We seek to protect our technology by, among other
 things, filing patent applications for technology considered important to the development of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, unpatented know-how, continuing technological innovation, and the aggressive pursuit of licensing
 opportunities to help develop and maintain our competitive position.

Our ability to compete effectively with other companies depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. Although we have been
 awarded, have filed applications for, or have been licensed under, numerous patents in the United States and other countries, there can be no assurance concerning the degree of protection afforded by these patents or the likelihood that pending
 patents will be issued.

We require all of our technical, research and development, sales and marketing, and management employees and most consultants
 and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to the entity or individual during
 the course of the entity s or individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. Substantially all of our technical, research and development, sales and marketing, and
 management employees have entered into agreements providing for the assignment to us of rights to inventions made by them while employed by us.

When we believe other companies are misappropriating our intellectual property rights, we vigorously enforce those rights through legal action, and we intend to
 continue to do so. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings. 

Although we have numerous United States and foreign patents covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes, no particular patent is considered
 individually material to our business.

Human Capital

As a global company, we collaborate internationally and celebrate the diversity of our local cultures. Employees are encouraged to bring their unique perspectives,
 help identify opportunities to collaborate, and open themselves to the career development that comes from learning from others.

As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately
 23,900 full time employees worldwide. Reflecting our global
 business, our executive management team and many leadership positions are dispersed throughout the world. 

12 

Employees by location are summarized as follows:

United States

2,300 

People s Republic of China

7,600 

Germany

2,300 

Israel

2,400 

Taiwan

2,000 

Czech Republic

1,200 

India

1,100 

Other Europe

1,600 

Other Americas

1,400 

Other Asia

2,000 

Total

23,900 

Many of our employees outside the United States are members of workers councils or unions, or otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements. Employees at one
 small U.S. facility, representing less than 1 of our U.S. workforce, are represented by a trade union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good.

Our future success is substantially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical and administrative personnel.

In order to prepare for the future Vishay introduced ViTal, a talent management program. Every year a diverse cross-cultural, cross-regional and cross-functional
 group of young individuals is being identified to prepare for higher leadership roles.

During 2022, we began the implementation of a global human capital management system, replacing diverse local systems throughout our organization, to
 manage employee data more effectively and efficiently, allowing us to make better decisions related to our people.

To identify and develop future leaders Vishay established a global Vishay Academy. Employee development programs focus on offering individual and group learning to
 maintain profitable business growth while also increasing speed and agility to meet customer demand. Global training and development programs include courses in leadership development, P L management, business finance for non-finance leaders,
 distance leadership / global matrix management. A robust succession plan for the top 200 positions in the organization and levels below has also been created. A specialist career model also provides development opportunities for technical roles
 in parallel to management careers.

Vishay has accelerated a global continuous improvement program to ensure increase of efficiencies and product quality through employee participation.

Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, Vishay continued to deliver training and development courses. To protect our employees, courses were delivered online, including
 live events for all employees. Communication from executive management has played an important role to regularly inform employees and keep them engaged.

As part of our executive transition effective January 1, 2023, we have implemented certain organizational and structural changes. As part of this
 effort, we have flattened the organizational structure and re-defined some leadership roles. We are pushing down decision making into the organization to empower our leaders and to facilitate timely action, and are aligning incentive
 compensation to better correspond to personal and company growth and profitability initiatives.

Regulatory Compliance

We are required to comply with numerous regulations that are normal and customary to businesses in our industry and the jurisdictions in which we operate. These
 regulations relate to, among other things, environmental health and safety, procurement integrity, export control, government security regulations, employment practices, accuracy of records and the recording of costs, anti-corruption, and privacy. 
 See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional discussion of such regulations and the potential consequences for non-compliance.

Environmental Health and Safety

We have adopted an Environmental Health and Safety Corporate Policy that commits us to achieve and maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws, to promote
 proper management of hazardous materials for the safety of our employees and the protection of the environment, and to minimize the hazardous materials generated in the course of our operations. This policy is implemented with accountability
 directly to the Board of Directors. In addition, our manufacturing operations are subject to various federal, state, and local laws restricting discharge of materials into the environment.

We are involved in environmental remediation programs at various sites currently or formerly owned by us and our subsidiaries both within and outside of the U.S., in
 addition to involvement as a potentially responsible party PRP at Superfund sites. Certain obligations as a PRP have arisen in connection with business acquisitions. The remediation programs are on-going and the ultimate cost of site cleanup is
 difficult to predict given the uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation of applicable laws and regulations and alternative cleanup methods. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings. 

We are not involved in any pending or threatened proceedings that would require curtailment of our operations. We continually expend funds to ensure that our
 facilities comply with applicable environmental regulations. While we believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, we cannot accurately predict future developments and do not necessarily have knowledge of all past
 occurrences on sites that we currently occupy. More stringent environmental regulations may be enacted in the future, and we cannot determine the modifications, if any, in our operations that any such future regulations might require, or the cost
 of compliance with such regulations. Moreover, the risk of environmental liability and remediation costs is inherent in the nature of our business and, therefore, there can be no assurance that material environmental costs, including remediation
 costs, will not arise in the future.

13 

With each acquisition, we attempt to identify potential environmental concerns and to minimize, or obtain indemnification for, the environmental matters we may be
 required to address. In addition, we establish reserves for specifically identified potential environmental liabilities. We believe that the reserves we have established are adequate. Nevertheless, we have in the past and may in the future inherit
 certain pre-existing environmental liabilities, generally based on successor liability doctrines. Although we have never been involved in any environmental matter that has had a material adverse impact on our overall operations, there can be no
 assurance that in connection with any past or future acquisition we will not be obligated to address environmental matters that could have a material adverse impact on our operations.

Company Information and Website

We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we
 file with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

In addition, our company website can be found on the Internet at www.vishay.com. The website contains information about us and our operations. Copies of each of our
 filings with the SEC on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, can be viewed and downloaded free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports and amendments are electronically filed with or
 furnished to the SEC. To view the reports, access ir.vishay.com and click on SEC Filings. 

The following corporate governance related documents are also available on our website:

Corporate Governance Principles

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Code of Ethics for Financial Officers

Audit Committee Charter

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter

Compensation Committee Charter

Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines

Director Stock Ownership Guidelines

Clawback Policy

Hedging-Pledging Policy

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Policy Regarding Qualifications of Directors

Related Party Transactions Policy

Ethics Helpline

To view these documents, access ir.vishay.com and click on Corporate Governance. 

Any of the above documents can also be obtained in print by any stockholder upon request to our Investor Relations Department at the following address:

Corporate Investor Relations

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

63 Lancaster Avenue

Malvern, PA 19355-2143

14 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

From time to time, information provided by us, including but not limited to statements in this report, or other statements made by or on our behalf, may contain
 forward-looking information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual
 results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those anticipated. Set forth below are important factors that could cause our results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements made
 by us or on our behalf. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.

Risks relating to our business

Our business may be adversely affected by the widespread outbreak of diseases, including the COVID-19
 pandemic, and the mitigation efforts by governments worldwide to control its spread. 

Although the widespread economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Vishay was temporary, the pandemic continues to adversely affect global business. Impacts have
 included disruptions in our ability to manufacture products and disruptions in the operations of our customers and modes of shipping. While we are unable to accurately predict the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the mitigation efforts
 by governments to attempt to control its spread will have on our business due to numerous uncertainties, thus far the impacts have resulted in increased costs and a reduction in sales to certain regions and end-markets. We cannot predict when the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will end globally or when future coronavirus outbreaks or pandemics will occur.

The potential risks and effects of the COVID-19 or future pandemics and the related economic impact that could have an adverse effect on our business include, but are
 not limited to:

Adverse impact on our customers and supply channels;

Decrease in sales, product demand and pricing and unfavorable economic and market conditions;

Increased costs, including higher shipping costs due to reduced shipping capacity;

Restrictions on our manufacturing, support operations or workforce, or similar limitations for our customers, vendors, and suppliers, that could limit our
 ability to meet customer demand;

Potential increased credit risk if customers, distributors, and resellers are unable to pay us, or must delay paying their obligations to us;

Restrictions or disruptions of transportation, such as reduced availability of air transport, port closures, and increased border controls or closures could
 result in delays;

Impact on our workforce/employees due to the spread of the virus and any shelter-in-place orders; and

Cybersecurity risks as a result of extended periods of remote work arrangements.

Such effects could result in us being required to record impairment charges related to our property and equipment, intangible assets, or goodwill.

Our business is cyclical and future periods of decline and increased demand are not predictable. 

The electronic component industry is highly cyclical and experiences periods of decline from time to time. We and others in the electronic components industry have
 experienced these conditions in the recent past and cannot predict when we may experience downturns in the future. Market conditions, such as during a decline in product demand on a global basis, could result in order cancellations and deferrals,
 lower average selling prices, and a material and adverse impact on our results of operations. These declines in demand are usually driven by market conditions in the end markets for our products, but may also result from distributors not
 appropriately managing their inventory levels.

We may also experience intense demand for our products in periods of a rising economy and we may have difficulty expanding our manufacturing capacity to satisfy demand
 during such periods. Factors which could limit such expansion include delays in procurement of manufacturing equipment, shortages of skilled personnel, and physical constraints on expansion of our facilities.

Changes in the demand mix, needed technologies, and these end markets may adversely affect our ability to match our products, inventory, and capacity to meet customer
 demand and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. A slowdown in demand or recessionary trends in the global economy makes it more difficult for us to predict our future sales and manage our operations, and could
 adversely impact our results of operations. C apacity that we add during upturns in the business cycle may result in excess capacity during periods when demand for our products recede,
 resulting in inefficient use of capital which could also adversely affect us. 

A downturn in our business in general, or isolated to a particular sector, could require us to incur restructuring and severance charges and/or asset write-downs.

15 

In the past we have grown through successful integration of acquired businesses, but this may not continue. 

Our long-term historical growth in revenues and net earnings has resulted in large part from our strategy of expansion through acquisitions. Despite our plan to
 continue to grow, in part, through targeted acquisitions, we may be unable to continue to identify, have the financial capabilities to acquire, or successfully complete transactions with suitable acquisition candidates. The rapid consolidation that
 our industry has experienced may further decrease our ability to identify attractive opportunities for acquisition. We are subject to various U.S. and foreign competition laws and regulations that may affect our ability to complete certain
 acquisitions. Also, if an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated, cannot be successfully integrated with our other businesses, or we cannot effectively mitigate the assumed, contingent, and unknown liabilities acquired, our results of
 operations, financial condition, enterprise value, market value, and prospects could all be materially adversely affected.

To remain successful, we must continue to innovate, and our investments in new technologies may not prove successful. 

Our future operating results are dependent on our ability to continually develop, introduce, and market new and innovative products, to modify existing products, to
 respond to technological change, and to customize certain products to meet customer requirements. There are numerous risks inherent in this process, including the risks that we will be unable to anticipate the direction of technological change or
 that we will be unable to develop and market new products and applications in a timely fashion to satisfy customer demands. If this occurs, we could lose customers and experience adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition to our own research and development initiatives, we periodically invest in technology start-up enterprises, in which we may acquire a controlling or
 noncontrolling interest but whose technology would be available to be commercialized by us. There are numerous risks in investments of this nature including the limited operating history of such start-up entities, their need for capital, and their
 limited or absence of production experience, as well as the risk that their technologies may prove ineffective or fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace. Certain of our historical investments in start-up companies have not succeeded, and there
 can be no assurance that our current and future investments in start-up enterprises will prove successful.

Our business and our results of operations are sensitive to supply chain disruptions. 

The production and sale of our products is reliant on a complex global interconnected supply chain of vendors, manufacturing facilities, third-party foundries and
 subcontractors, shipping partners, distributors, and end market customers. Disruption in one part of the supply chain could cause disruption in all other parts of the supply chain. Global shipping impacts several parts of the supply chain and the
 disruptions experienced in recent years have, at times, negatively impacted our ability to manufacture products and to deliver them to customers.

Although most materials incorporated into our products are available from a number of sources, certain materials, including plastics and metals, are produced in only a
 limited number of regions around the world or are available from only a limited number of suppliers. Suppliers periodically extend lead times, face capacity constraints, limit supplies, increase prices, experience quality issues, or encounter
 cybersecurity or other issues that can interrupt or increase the cost of our supply. The unavailability or reduced availability of these materials could require us to temporarily cease or reduce production or incur additional costs.

Customer requirements and certain laws pertaining to the responsible sourcing of materials, including tantalum, tungsten, tin, gold, and cobalt, all of which are used in
 the Company s products, are increasing and becoming more stringent. Responsible sourcing efforts may result in increased prices and decreased availability of these materials.

Many of the metals used in the manufacture of our products, including gold, copper, and palladium, are traded on active markets and can be subject to significant price
 volatility. To ensure adequate supply and to provide cost certainty, our policy is to enter into short-term commitments to purchase defined portions of annual consumption of the raw materials utilized if market prices decline below budget. In
 certain circumstances, we purchase precious metals bullion in excess of our immediate manufacturing needs to mitigate the risk of supply shortages or volatile price fluctuations. If after entering into these commitments or purchasing the metals
 bullion, the market prices for these raw materials decline, we must recognize losses on these adverse purchase commitments and metals bullion purchases.

Our production can be disrupted by the unavailability of resources, such as water, energy, and gases. The unavailability or reduced availability of these resources
 could require us to reduce production or incur additional costs.

We use third-party foundries and subcontractors for certain of our manufacturing activities, primarily wafer fabrication and the assembly and testing of finished goods. 
 Establishing third-party contract manufacturer relationships can be time consuming and costly, and the number of qualified providers is limited. Our agreements with these manufacturers typically require us to commit to purchase services based on
 forecasted product needs, which may be inaccurate, and, in some cases, require us to recognize losses on these adverse purchase commitments. Our agreements may limit our ability to increase production, particularly during periods of growing demand
 for our products.

Due to our global supply chain, we are impacted by global trade disputes. The governments of the U.S. and the People s Republic of China remain in a trade dispute that
 has resulted in tariffs and other trade restrictions including import / export prohibitions. Disruptions to global trade could result in customers seeking different sources of product or requiring us to seek different sources of supply. New or
 revised trade agreements could require changes in operations in the long-term. 

We remain cognizant of these supply chain challenges and seek to minimize their effects whenever possible. Despite our best efforts, there can be no assurances we will
 be successful in mitigating these risks and if we are unable to do so, they may have material negative impacts on our business and results of operations.

16 

Our ability to compete effectively with other companies depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology and
 to operate our business without infringing or violating the intellectual property rights of others. 

Protection of intellectual property often involves complex legal and factual issues. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third
 parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. We have applied, and will continue to apply, for patents covering our technologies and products,
 as we deem appropriate. However, our applications may not result in issued patents. Also, our existing patents and any future patents may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from developing competing
 products. Others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies, design around our patented technologies, or may challenge or seek to invalidate our patents. Also, the legal system in certain countries in which we operate may not
 provide or may not continue to provide sufficient, intellectual property legal protections and remedies.

Litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights is prevalent in the electronic components industry, particularly the discrete semiconductor sector. We
 have on occasion been notified that we may be infringing on patent and other intellectual property rights of others. In addition, customers purchasing components from us have rights to indemnification under certain circumstances if such components
 violate the intellectual property rights of others. Further, we have observed that in the current business environment, electronic component and semiconductor companies have become more aggressive in asserting and defending patent claims against
 competitors. We will continue to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights, and may become party to disputes regarding patent licensing and cross patent licensing. Although licenses are generally offered in such situations and we have
 successfully resolved these situations in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to future litigation alleging intellectual property rights infringement, or that we will be able to obtain licenses on acceptable terms. An
 unfavorable outcome regarding one of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We face intense competition in our business, and are susceptible to certain concentrations. 

Our business is highly competitive worldwide, with low transportation costs and few import barriers. We compete principally on the bases of product quality and
 reliability, availability, customer service, technological innovation, timely delivery, and price. Our ability to compete successfully also depends on elements out of our control. We face significant competition within each of our product segments
 from larger global manufacturers and smaller manufacturers focused on specific market niches. The electronic component industry has become increasingly concentrated and globalized in recent years as many of our primary competitors have been
 acquired. The acquiring companies, most of which are larger than us, have significant financial resources and technological capabilities.

A material portion of our revenues are derived from the worldwide industrial, automotive, telecommunications, and computing markets. These markets have historically
 experienced wide variations in demand for end products. If demand for these end products should decrease, the producers thereof could reduce their purchases of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial position.

While no customer comprises over 10 of our consolidated net revenues, certain subsidiaries and product lines are susceptible to customer concentrations and have
 customers which comprise greater than 10 of the subsidiary s or product line s net revenues. The loss of one of these customers could have a material effect on the results of operations of the subsidiary or product line and financial position of
 the subsidiary, which could result in an impairment charge which could be material to our consolidated financial statements.

Our backlog is subject to customer cancellation. 

Many of the orders that comprise our backlog may be canceled by our customers without penalty. Our customers may on occasion double and triple order components from
 multiple sources to ensure timely delivery when demand exceeds global supply. They often cancel orders when business is weak and inventories are excessive. Therefore, we cannot be certain that the amount of our backlog accurately reflects the level
 of orders that we will ultimately deliver. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted if customers cancel a material portion of orders in our backlog.

Our future success is substantially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical, managerial, marketing, finance, and
 administrative personnel. 

Rapid changes in technologies, frequent new product introductions, and declining average selling prices over product life cycles require us to attract and retain highly
 qualified personnel to develop and manufacture products that feature technological innovations and bring them to market on a timely basis. Our complex operations also require us to attract and retain highly qualified administrative personnel in
 functions such as legal, tax, accounting, financial reporting, auditing, and treasury. The market for personnel with such qualifications is highly competitive. While we have employment agreements with certain of our executives, we have not entered
 into employment agreements with all of our key personnel.

The loss of the services of or the failure to effectively recruit qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Significant fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

We are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of our borrowing activities and our cash balances. Our credit facility bears interest at variable rates based on
 LIBOR. A significant increase in LIBOR would significantly increase our interest expense. A general increase in interest rates would be largely offset by an increase in interest income earned on our cash and short-term investment balances, which are
 currently greater than our debt balances. However, there can be no assurance that the interest rate earned on cash and short-term investments will move in tandem with the interest rate paid on our variable rate debt.

17 

Cyberattacks and other interruptions in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. 

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. We are exposed to, and may be
 adversely affected by, potential cyberattacks or other disruptions to our information technology systems and data security. Any significant system or network disruption, including, but not limited to, new system implementations, computer viruses,
 security breaches, phishing, spoofing, cyberattacks, facility issues or energy blackouts could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results of operations. These incidents, which might be related to industrial or other espionage,
 include covertly introducing malware and spyware to our computers and networks (or to an electronic system operated by a third party for our benefit) and impersonating authorized users, among others. Such a network disruption could result in a loss
 of the confidentiality of our intellectual property or the release of sensitive competitive information or customer, supplier or employee personal data. Any loss of such information could harm our competitive position, result in a loss of customer
 confidence, and cause us to incur significant costs to remedy the damages caused by the disruptions or security breaches. We have implemented protective measures to prevent against and limit the effects of system or network disruptions, but there can
 be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to prevent or limit the damage from any disruptions and any such disruption could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

We are subject to numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. The scope of these laws and regulations is evolving rapidly and is subject to
 differing interpretations, and thus may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. Such laws and regulations have resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for us.

Third-party service providers, such as foundries, subcontractors, distributors, and vendors have access to certain portions of our sensitive data. In the event that
 these service providers do not properly safeguard our data that they hold, security breaches and loss of our data could result. Any such loss of data by our third-party service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business and
 results of operations.

Future acquisitions could require us to issue additional indebtedness or equity. 

If we were to undertake a substantial acquisition for cash, the acquisition would likely need to be financed in part through bank borrowings or the issuance of public or
 private debt. This acquisition financing would likely decrease our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely affect other leverage criteria. Under our credit facility, we are required to obtain the lenders consent for certain additional debt
 financing and to comply with other covenants including the application of specific financial ratios. We cannot make any assurances that the necessary acquisition financing would be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. If we were
 to undertake an acquisition for equity, the acquisition may have a dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our common stock.

Regulatory and compliance related risks

Future changes in our environmental liability and compliance obligations may harm our ability to operate or increase our costs. 

Our operations, products and/or product packaging are subject to, among other matters, environmental laws and regulations governing, among other matters, air emissions,
 wastewater discharges, the handling, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances, wastes and certain chemicals used or generated in our manufacturing processes, employee health and safety labeling or other notifications with respect to the
 content or other aspects of our processes, products or packaging, restrictions on the use of certain materials in or on design aspects of our products or product packaging, and responsibility for disposal of products or product packaging. We
 establish reserves for specifically identified potential environmental liabilities. Nevertheless, we have in the past and may in the future inherit certain pre-existing environmental liabilities, generally based on successor liability doctrines, or
 otherwise incur environmental liabilities. We are involved in remediation programs and related litigation at various current and former properties and at third-party disposal sites both within and outside of the United States, including involvement
 as a potentially responsible party at Superfund sites. Although we have never been involved in any environmental matter that has had a material adverse impact on our overall operations, there can be no assurance that in connection with any past or
 future acquisition, future developments, including related to our remediation programs, or otherwise, we will not be obligated to address environmental matters that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, more
 stringent environmental laws and regulations may be enacted in the future, and we cannot presently determine the modifications, if any, in our operations that any such future regulations might require, or the cost of compliance with current and
 future laws and regulations. In order to resolve liabilities at various sites, we have entered into various administrative orders and consent decrees, some of which may be, under certain conditions, reopened or subject to renegotiation.

Our products are sold to or used in goods sold to the U.S. government and other governments. By virtue of such sales, we are subject to various
 regulatory requirements and risks in the event of non-compliance. 

We sell products under prime and subprime contracts with the U.S. government and other governments. Many of these products are used in military applications. Government
 contractors must comply with specific procurement regulations and other requirements. These requirements, although customary in government contracts, impact our performance and compliance costs. Failure to comply with these regulations and
 requirements could result in contract modifications or termination, and the assessment of penalties and fines, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our failure to comply with these regulations and
 requirements could also lead to suspension or debarment, for cause, from government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various statutes, including those related to procurement
 integrity, export control, government security regulations, employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records and the recording of costs, and foreign corruption. The termination of a government contract as a result of any of
 these acts could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition and could have a negative impact on our reputation and ability to procure other government contracts in the future.

18 

We have qualified certain of our products under various military specifications approved and monitored by the United States Defense Electronic Supply Center and under
 certain European military specifications. These products are assigned certain classification levels. In order to maintain the classification level of a product, we must continuously perform tests on the products and the results of these tests must be
 reported to governmental agencies. If a product fails to meet the requirements of the applicable classification level, its classification may be reduced to a lower level. A decrease in the classification level for a product with a military
 application could have an adverse impact on the net revenues and earnings attributable to that product.

Our credit facility restricts our current and future operations and requires compliance with certain financial covenants. 

Our credit facility includes restrictions on, among other things, incurring indebtedness, incurring liens on assets, making investments and acquisitions, making asset
 sales, and paying cash dividends and making other restricted payments. Our credit facility also requires us to comply with other covenants, including the maintenance of specific financial ratios. If we are not in compliance with all of such
 covenants, the credit facility could be terminated by the lenders, and all amounts outstanding pursuant to the credit facility could become immediately payable. Additionally, our convertible debt instruments have cross-default provisions that could
 accelerate repayment in the event the indebtedness under the credit facility is accelerated.

Risks associated with our operations outside the United States

We are subject to the risks of political, economic, and military instability in countries outside the United States in which we operate. 

We have substantial operations outside the United States, and approximately 71 of our revenues during 2022 were derived from sales to customers outside the United States. 
 Certain of our assets are located, and certain of our products are produced, in countries which are subject to risks of social, political, economic, and military instability. This instability could result in wars, riots, nationalization of industry,
 currency fluctuation, and labor unrest. These conditions could have an adverse impact on our ability to operate in these regions and, depending on the extent and severity of these conditions, could materially and adversely affect our overall
 financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to access our liquidity.

Our business has been in operation in Israel for 52 years, where we have substantial manufacturing operations. Although we have never experienced any material
 interruption in our operations attributable to these factors, in spite of several Middle East crises, including wars, our financial condition and results of operations might be adversely affected if events were to occur in the Middle East that
 interfered with our operations in Israel.

Our global operations are subject to extensive anti-corruption laws and other regulations. 

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or
 providing anything of value to improperly influence foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, or obtaining an unfair advantage. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the global enforcement of
 anti-corruption laws. Our continued operation and expansion outside the United States, including in developing countries, could increase the risk of such violations or violations under other regulations relating to limitations on or licenses required
 for sales made to customers located in certain countries. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of
 operations or financial condition.

We attempt to improve profitability by controlling labor costs, but these activities could result in labor unrest or considerable expense. 

Historically, our primary labor cost controlling strategy was to transfer manufacturing operations to countries with lower production costs, such as the Dominican
 Republic, India, Malaysia, Mexico, the People s Republic of China, and the Philippines. We believe that our manufacturing footprint is suitable to serve our customers and end markets, while maintaining lower manufacturing costs. We do not anticipate
 further transferring any significant existing operations to lower-labor-cost countries; however, acquired operations may be transferred to lower-labor-cost countries when integrated into Vishay. Currently, our primary labor cost controlling strategy
 involves reducing hours and limiting the use of subcontractors and foundries when demand for our products decreases. Shifting operations to lower-labor-cost countries, reducing hours, or limiting the use of subcontractors and foundries could result
 in production inefficiencies, higher costs, and/or strikes or other types of labor unrest.

19 

We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risks which may impact our results of operations. 

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks, particularly due to market values of transactions in currencies other than the functional currencies of certain
 subsidiaries. From time to time, we utilize forward contracts to hedge a portion of projected cash flows from these exposures.

Our significant foreign subsidiaries are located in Germany, Israel, and Asia. We finance our operations in Europe and certain locations in Asia in local currencies. Our
 operations in Israel and most significant locations in Asia are largely financed in U.S. dollars, but these subsidiaries also have significant transactions in local currencies. Our exposure to foreign currency risk is mitigated to the extent that the
 costs incurred and the revenues earned in a particular currency offset one another. Our exposure to foreign currency risk is more pronounced in situations where, for example, production labor costs are predominantly paid in local currencies while the
 sales revenue for those products is denominated in U.S. dollars. This is particularly the case for products produced in Israel, the Czech Republic, and China.

A change in the mix of the currencies in which we transact our business could have a material effect on results of operations. Furthermore, the timing of cash receipts
 and disbursements could have a material effect on our results of operations, particularly if there are significant changes in exchange rates in a short period of time.

Most of our operating cash is generated by our non-U.S. subsidiaries, and our U.S. parent company and U.S. subsidiaries have significant
 payment obligations. 

We generate a significant amount of cash and profits from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. We used substantially all of the amounts repatriated from 2018 to 2020 to
 significantly re-shape the capital structure of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our cash and cash
 equivalents and short-term investments were held by subsidiaries outside of the United States. Our revolving credit facility provides us with additional U.S. liquidity.

U.S. tax obligations, cash dividends to stockholders, share repurchases, additional convertible debt repurchases, and principal and interest payments on our debt
 instruments need to be paid by our U.S. parent company, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Our U.S. subsidiaries have other operating cash needs.

If our U.S. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment and other liquidity sources are inadequate to satisfy these obligations, we may be required to repatriate
 additional cash to the United States and would be required to accrue and pay additional taxes. If we are unable to repatriate adequate cash to the United States to satisfy these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our overall
 financial condition, results of operations and our liquidity.

Changes in U.S. trade policies, and related factors beyond our control, may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of
 operations. 

Our business is subject to risks associated with U.S. and foreign legislation and regulations relating to imports, including quotas, duties, tariffs or taxes, and other
 import charges or restrictions, which could adversely affect our operations and our ability to import products. The U.S. has taken actions that impact U.S. trade with China, including restricting the export of certain goods and equipment to China,
 imposing tariffs on certain goods manufactured in China and imported into the U.S., including certain of our products. Such actions may impact our competitiveness and adversely affect the demand for these products, or if those costs cannot be passed
 on to our customers, could adversely impact our results of operations for affected segments and the Company as a whole. 

Further changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries. If these consequences are realized, it could result in a
 general economic downturn or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business.

20 

Risks related to our capital structure

The holders of our Class B common stock have effective voting control of our company, giving them the effective ability to prevent a change in
 control transaction. 

We have two classes of common stock: common stock and Class B common stock. The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held, while the holders
 of Class B common stock are entitled to 10 votes for each share held. At December 31, 2022, the holders of Class B common stock held
 approximately 48.5 of the voting power of the Company. The ownership of Class B common stock is highly concentrated, and holders of
 Class B common stock effectively can cause the election of directors and approve other actions as stockholders. Mrs. Ruta Zandman (a member of our Board of Directors) controls the voting of, solely or on a shared basis with Marc Zandman (our
 Executive Chairman) and Ziv Shoshani (a member of our Board of Directors), approximately 89.7 of our Class B common stock and 43.5 of the total voting power of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022. Holders of our Class B common stock may act in ways that are contrary to, or not in the best interests of, holders of our common stock. The voting rights of the holders of our Class B
 common stock effectively give such holders the ability to prevent transactions that would result in a change in control of us, including transactions in which holders of our common stock might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the
 then-current market price.

Our acquisition strategy could be impeded if our Board of Directors were reluctant to authorize the issuance of substantial additional shares. 

Our overall long-term business strategy has historically included a strong focus on acquisitions financed alternatively through cash on hand or the incurrence of
 indebtedness. We may in the future be presented with attractive investment or strategic opportunities that, because of their size and our financial condition at the time, would require the issuance of substantial additional amounts of our common
 stock. If such opportunities were to arise, our Board of Directors may consider the potentially dilutive effect on the interests and voting power of our existing stockholders, including our Class B stockholders, and may therefore be reluctant to
 authorize the issuance of additional shares. Any such reluctance could impede our ability to complete certain transactions.

Our outstanding convertible debt instruments may impact the trading price of our common stock. 

We believe that many investors in, and potential purchasers of, convertible debt instruments employ, or seek to employ, a convertible arbitrage strategy with respect to
 these instruments. Investors that employ a convertible arbitrage strategy with respect to convertible debt instruments typically implement that strategy by selling short the common stock underlying the convertible instrument and dynamically adjusting
 their short position while they hold the instrument. The implementation of this strategy by investors in our convertible debt instruments, as well as related market regulatory actions, could have a significant impact on the trading prices of our
 common stock, and the trading prices and liquidity of our convertible debt instruments. The price of our common stock and our convertible debt instruments could also be affected by possible sales of our common stock by investors who view our
 convertible debt instruments as more attractive means of equity participation in us.

Anti-takeover defenses in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law may impede
 or discourage a merger, a takeover attempt or other business combinations, which could also reduce the market price of our common stock. 

We are a Delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even
 if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company.
 These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors that are not nominated by the current members of our Board of Directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions
 include:

the provision that our Class B common stock is generally entitled to ten votes per share, while our common stock is entitled to one vote per share, enabling the
 holders of our Class B common stock to effectively control the outcome of substantially all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including the election of directors and change of control transactions;

the provision establishing a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms and the provision that a director may be removed only for cause, each
 of which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;

the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and
 voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer;

the right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal
 of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the directors or by any officer instructed by the directors to call the meeting,
 which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and

the ability of our board of directors, by majority vote, to amend the bylaws, which may allow our board of directors to take additional actions to prevent an
 unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt.

21 

In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This statute prohibits a Delaware corporation listed on a
 national securities exchange from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder (generally a person who, together with its affiliates, owns or within the last three years has owned 15 or more of our voting stock subject to
 certain exceptions) for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. The application of Section 203 also could have
 the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Any of these provisions could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common stock.

The ability of our board of directors or a committee thereof to create and issue a new series of preferred stock and certain provisions of Delaware law and our
 certificate of incorporation and bylaws could impede a merger, takeover attempt or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could
 reduce the market price of our common stock.

Risks related to the spin-off of the Vishay Precision Group

Vishay Precision Group is using the Vishay name under license from us, which could result in product and market confusion or the loss of certain of our
 rights to the Vishay name . 

VPG has a worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free license from us to use the Vishay mark as part of its corporate name and in connection with the manufacture, sale, and marketing of the products and services that comprise its measurements and foil resistors businesses. The license of the Vishay name to VPG is important
 to VPG because the success of VPG depends on the reputation of the Vishay brand for these products and services built over many years. Nonetheless, there exists the risk that the use by VPG could cause confusion in the marketplace over the products
 of the two companies, that any negative publicity associated with a product or service of VPG following the spin-off could be mistakenly attributed to our company or that we could lose our own rights to the Vishay mark if we fail to impose
 sufficient controls on VPG s use of the mark.

General Risk Factors

In addition to the risks relating specifically to our business, a variety of other factors relating to general conditions could cause actual results, performance, or
 achievements to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. These factors include:

overall economic and business conditions;

competitive factors in the industries in which we conduct our business;

changes in governmental regulation;

changes in tax requirements, including tax rate changes, new tax laws, and revised tax law interpretations;

changes in GAAP or interpretations of GAAP by governmental agencies and self-regulatory groups;

interest rate fluctuations, foreign currency rate fluctuations, and other capital market conditions; and

economic and political conditions in international markets, including governmental changes and restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders.

Our common stock, traded on the New York Stock Exchange, has in the past experienced, and may continue to experience, significant fluctuations in price and volume. We
 believe that the financial performance and activities of other publicly traded companies in the electronic component industry could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially without regard to our operating performance.

We operate in a continually changing business environment, and new factors emerge from time to time. Other unknown and unpredictable factors also could have a material
 adverse effect on our future financial condition and results of operations.

22 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

Item 2. PROPERTIES 

At December 31, 2022, our business had 57 manufacturing
 locations. Our manufacturing facilities include owned and leased locations. Some locations include both owned and leased facilities in the same location. The list of manufacturing facilities below excludes former manufacturing facilities that are not
 presently used for manufacturing activities due to our restructuring activities. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further information related to our restructuring efforts, as well as additional information in Cost Management 
 included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

In the opinion of management, our properties and equipment generally are in good operating condition and are adequate for our present needs. Owning many of our
 manufacturing facilities provides us meaningful financial and operating benefits, including long-term stability and a necessary buffer for economic downturns. We do not anticipate difficulty in renewing existing leases as they expire or in finding
 alternative facilities.

The principal locations of our owned manufacturing facilities, along with available space including administrative offices, are as follows:

Owned Locations 

Business Segment 

Approx. Available Space 

 (Square Feet) 

United States 

Columbus, NE

Resistors

201,000

Bennington, VT

Capacitors

64,000

Yankton, SD

Inductors

60,000

Warwick, RI

Resistors

56,000

Niagara Falls, NY

Resistors

34,000

Marshall, MN

Inductors

22,000

Non-U.S. 

Vocklabruck, Austria

Diodes

100,000

People's Republic of China

Tianjin

Diodes

397,000

Shanghai

Diodes

195,000

Xi'an

MOSFETs and Diodes

133,000

Czech Republic

Blatna

Resistors and Capacitors

276,000

Dolni Rychnov

Resistors and Capacitors

183,000

Prachatice

Capacitors

92,000

Volary

Resistors

35,000

France

Nice

Resistors

221,000

Chateau Gontier

Resistors

82,000

Hyeres

Resistors

59,000

Germany

Selb

Resistors and Capacitors

472,000

Heide

Resistors

264,000

Landshut

Capacitors

75,000

Fichtelberg

Resistors

36,000

Budapest, Hungary

Diodes

101,000

Loni, India

Resistors and Capacitors

405,000

Israel

Dimona

Resistors and Capacitors

404,000

Migdal Ha'Emek

Capacitors

288,000

Be'er Sheva

Resistors, Inductors and Capacitors

276,000

Turin, Italy

Diodes

102,000

Miharu, Japan

Capacitors

165,000

Melaka, Malaysia

Optoelectronic Components

156,000

Juarez, Mexico

Resistors

75,000

Famalicao, Portugal

Capacitors

222,000

Republic of China (Taiwan)

Taipei

Diodes

366,000

Kaohsiung

MOSFETs

105,000

23 

The principal locations of our leased manufacturing facilities, along with available space including administrative offices, are as follows:

Leased Locations 

Business Segment 

Approx. Available Space 

 (Square Feet) 

United States 

Attleboro, MA

Resistors

100,000 

Columbus, NE

Resistors

87,000

Ontario, CA

Resistors

38,000

Dover, NH

Inductors

35,000

East Windsor, CT 

 Resistors 

30,000 

Hollis, NH

Resistors

25,000

Fremont, CA

Resistors

18,000

Glendale, WI 

Resistors 

14,000 

Montevideo, MN 

Inductors 

11,000 

Duluth, MN

Inductors

10,000

Non-U.S. 

Klagenfurt, Austria

Capacitors

150,000

People s Republic of China

Danshui

Capacitors, Inductors, and Resistors

446,000

Shanghai

MOSFETs

300,000

Shatian

Capacitors and Resistors

218,000

Zhuhai

Inductors

179,000

Long Xi

Resistors

36,000

Prestice, Czech Republic

Capacitors

15,000

Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic

Inductors

44,000

Germany

Itzehoe

MOSFETs

217,000

Heilbronn

Diodes and Optoelectronic Components

163,000

Selb

Capacitors

47,000

Mumbai, India

Diodes

34,000

Mexico

Juarez 

Resistors 

314,000 

Durango 

Inductors 

134,000

Mexicali

Resistors

15,000

Manila, Philippines

Optoelectronic Components

149,000

Kaohsiung, Republic of China (Taiwan)

Diodes

130,000

24 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time we are involved in routine litigation incidental to our business. Management believes that such matters, either individually or in the aggregate,
 should not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

Antitrust Class Action Complaints

The complaints that had been filed by The AASI Beneficiaries Trust by and through Kenneth A. Welt Liquidating Trustee and Benchmark Electronics, Inc.
 against certain manufacturers of aluminum, tantalum and film capacitors, including Holy Stone Enterprise Co., Ltd., Milestone Global Technology, Inc. d/b/a/ Holystone International, Holy Stone Holdings Co., Ltd. (collectively, Holy Stone and
 Vishay Polytech Co., Ltd., which was acquired by a subsidiary of the Company in 2014 (formerly known as Holy Stone Polytech Co., Ltd.) VPC have been settled and dismissed with prejudice. Holy Stone paid on behalf of itself and VPC a total of
 745,000 for final settlement of those cases. VPC admitted no liability and paid nothing toward the settlements. The purported wrongdoing, as described in the complaints, occurred prior to the acquisition of VPC by Vishay. Currently, neither
 Vishay nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any antitrust litigation in the U.S. or worldwide. 

Intellectual Property Matters

We are engaged in discussions with various parties regarding patent licensing and cross patent licensing issues. In addition, we have observed that in the current
 business environment, electronic component and semiconductor companies have become more aggressive in asserting and defending patent claims against competitors. When we believe other companies are misappropriating our intellectual property rights,
 we vigorously enforce those rights through legal action, and we intend to continue to do so.

Environmental Matters

Vishay is involved in environmental remediation programs at various sites currently or formerly owned by Vishay and its subsidiaries both within and outside of the U.S.,
 in addition to involvement as a potentially responsible party PRP at Superfund sites. Certain obligations as a PRP have arisen in connection with business acquisitions. The remediation programs are on-going and the ultimate cost of site cleanup
 is difficult to predict given the uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation of applicable laws and regulations, and alternative cleanup methods. See also Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.

Vishay GSI, Inc. VGSI ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a direct defendant in two separate, but related, litigation matters: (1) 101 Frost Street Associates, L.P. v. United States Department of Energy et al .; and (2) Hicksville
 Water District v. United States Department of Energy, et al . VGSI was also a third-party defendant in a third related matter, United States v Island
 Transportation Corp. et al. On September 12, 2022, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York dismissed all third-party complaints commenced by
 Island Transportation Corp. against nineteen third-party defendants including VGSI. The two remaining cases are pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 

The two remaining cases contain claims for recovery of response costs under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), and
 allege that a predecessor s manufacturing operations in Hicksville, New York (the Site ), between 1960 and 1993, impacted groundwater beneath and downgradient of the Site. The groundwater beneath and downgradient of the Site is part of the New
 Cassel/Hicksville Groundwater Contamination Site, which was added to the National Priorities List pursuant to CERCLA on September 15, 2011. The Company is vigorously contesting plaintiff s claims and will aggressively prosecute its affirmative
 claims.

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None.

25 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 22, 2023: 

Name 

Age 

Positions Held 

Marc Zandman 

61

Executive Chairman of the Board, Chief Business Development Officer, and President, Vishay Israel Ltd.

Joel Smejkal 

56 

Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director

Lori Lipcaman

65

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Jeff Webster 

52 

Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer 

Roy Shoshani 

49 

Executive Vice President - Chief Technical Officer

Peter Henrici 

67 

Executive Vice President - Corporate Development 

Andreas Randebrock

58

Executive Vice President Global Human Resources

Member of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.

Marc Zandman was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Business Development Officer effective June 5, 2011. Mr. Zandman has served as a Director of Vishay
 since 2001 and President of Vishay Israel Ltd. since 1998. Mr. Zandman previously was Vice Chairman of the Board from 2003 to June 2011, and Chief Administration Officer from 2007 to June 2011. Mr. Zandman was Group Vice President of Vishay
 Measurements Group from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Zandman has served in various other capacities with Vishay since 1984. He is the son of the late Dr. Felix Zandman, Vishay s Founder. Mr. Zandman controls, on a shared basis with Ruta Zandman and Ziv
 Shoshani, approximately 34.5 of the total voting power of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022. He also is non-executive Chairman
 of Vishay Precision Group, Inc., an independent, publicly-traded company spun-off from Vishay Intertechnology in 2010.

Joel Smejkal was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2023. Mr. Smejkal served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Business Development from 2020-2022. He has held various positions of increasing responsibility since joining Vishay in 1990, including Executive
 Vice President, Business Head Passive Components (2017-2020) and Senior Vice President Global Distribution Sales (2012-2016). His experience with Vishay includes worldwide and divisional leadership roles in engineering, marketing, operations, and
 sales. 

Lori Lipcaman was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective September 1, 2011. Ms. Lipcaman had been appointed Executive
 Vice President Finance and Chief Accounting Officer in September 2008. Previously, she served as Vishay s Corporate Senior Vice President, Operations Controller, from March 1998 to September 2008. Prior to that, she served in various positions of
 increasing responsibility in finance and controlling since joining the Company in May 1989.

Jeff Webster was appointed Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer effective January 1, 2023. Mr. Webster served as Executive Vice President, Business Head Passive Components from 2020-2022. He has held various positions of increasing responsibility since joining Vishay in 2000, including Senior Vice President Global Quality
 (2014-2019) and Vice President Global Quality Actives (2000-2014). 

Roy Shoshani was appointed Executive Vice President Chief Technical
 Officer effective January 1, 2023. Mr. Shoshani has held various positions of increasing responsibility since joining Vishay in 2004, including Deputy to the Chief Technical Officer (2021-2022), Vice President Integrated Circuits Division
 (2009-2022), and Vice President R D Semiconductors (2019-2021). Prior to joining Vishay, Mr. Shoshani worked for Harmonic. Mr. Shoshani s experience with Vishay includes divisional leadership roles in R D, marketing, business
 development and operations.

Peter Henrici was appointed Executive Vice President Corporate
 Development effective January 1, 2023 and has served as Corporate Secretary since 2012. Mr. Henrici has held various positions in marketing communications, investor relations, and corporate treasury departments since joining Vishay in 1998. Mr.
 Henrici has been responsible for corporate communications since 2005.

Andreas Randebrock was appointed Executive Vice President Global Human Resources effective July 1, 2020. Mr. Randebrock has been working for Vishay since 2015 as Senior
 Vice President Employee Development. Before Mr. Randebrock joined Vishay he worked as a management consultant in the field of leadership, human resources, and organizational consulting for more than 20 years. From 1998 until 2015, Mr. Randebrock
 was employed by the global human resources consultancy Hay Group (acquired in 2015 by Korn Ferry) where he held various positions of increasing responsibility and was a partner.

26 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol VSH. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for our common stock as
 reported on the New York Stock Exchange composite tape for the indicated fiscal quarters. Holders of record of our common stock totaled approximately 1,000 at February 17, 2023. Because many of the shares of our common stock are held by brokers and
 other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners represented by these stockholders of record.

In 2014, the Company's Board of Directors instituted a quarterly cash dividend program and declared the first cash dividend in the history of Vishay. Quarterly cash
 dividends have been paid in each quarter since the first fiscal quarter of 2014. We expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although the amount and timing of any future dividends remains subject to authorization of our Board of Directors.

The following table sets forth, for the indicated periods, the high and low sales prices of our common stock and the quarterly cash dividends declared.

Common stock price range

Dividends declared

2022 

2021 

per share

High

Low

High

Low

2022

2021

Fourth quarter

23.39

17.63

22.65

19.00

0.100 

0.100

Third quarter

21.58

16.73

22.93

19.67

0.100

0.095

Second quarter

20.91

17.13

26.50

21.09

0.100

0.095

First quarter

22.71

17.58

25.26

20.56

0.100

0.095

At February 17, 2023, we had outstanding 12,097,148 shares of Class B common stock, par value .10 per share, each of which entitles the holder to ten votes. The Class B common stock generally is not transferable except in certain very limited instances, and there is no market for those shares. The Class B common stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into
 common stock on a share for share basis. As a result of the passing of our founder and former Executive Chairman, Dr. Felix Zandman, Mrs. Ruta Zandman (a member of our Board of Directors) controls the voting of, solely or on a shared basis with Marc
 Zandman (our Executive Chairman) and Ziv Shoshani (a member of our Board of Directors) approximately 89.7 of our Class B common stock
 and 43.5 of the total voting power of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022. 

Certain of our debt obligations contain restrictions as to the payment of cash dividends. See "Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources" included in Item
 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

On February 7, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Return Policy that will remain in effect until such time as the Board votes to amend or rescind the
 policy. The Stockholder Return Policy calls for us to return a prescribed amount of cash flows on an annual basis. We intend to return such amounts directly, in the form of dividends, or indirectly, in the form of stock repurchases. We paid 57.2
 million of dividends to stockholders and repurchased 83.0 million of our stock pursuant to the Stockholder Return Policy in 2022. 

The following table provides information regarding repurchases of our common stock during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Period

Total Number of Shares Purchased

Average Price Paid per Share (including commission)

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program

Total Dollar Amount Purchased Under the Program

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program

October 2 - October 29

472,324

19.34

472,324

9,134,132

4,549,338

October 30 - November 26

385,274

21.82

385,274

8,406,284

4,164,064

November 27 - December 31

491,371

21.90

491,371

10,760,263

3,672,693

Total

1,348,969

20.98

1,348,969

28,300,679

3,672,693

27 

Stock Performance Graph

The line graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Vishay s common stock over a 5-year period with the returns on the Standard Poor s MidCap
 400 Stock Index (of which Vishay is a component), the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index, and the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index. The line graph assumes that 100 had been invested at December 31, 2017 and assumes that all dividends were
 reinvested.

Base

Years Ending December 31,

Period

Company Name / Index

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

100

88.11 

106.31 

105.76 

113.65 

114.41 

S P 500 Index

100

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

S P MidCap 400 Index

100

88.92 

112.21 

127.54 

159.12 

138.34 

Philadelphia Semiconductor Index

100

93.95 

153.39 

235.71 

336.71 

219.26 

Item 6. RESERVED 

Not applicable.

28 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management's Discussion and Analysis MD A is intended to provide an understanding of Vishay's financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. The MD A should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes filed herewith, commencing on page F-1 of this report. This
 discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed
 elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Overview

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. ("Vishay," "we," "us," or "our") manufactures one of the world s largest portfolios of discrete semiconductors and passive electronic
 components that are essential to innovative designs in the automotive, industrial, computing, consumer, telecommunications, military, aerospace, and medical markets.

We operate in six segments based on product functionality: MOSFETs, Diodes, Optoelectronic Components, Resistors, Inductors, and Capacitors.

We are focused on enhancing stockholder value by growing our business and improving earnings per share. Since 1985, we have pursued a business strategy of growth through focused research and development and acquisitions. 
 We plan to continue to grow our business through intensified internal growth supplemented by opportunistic acquisitions, while at the same time maintaining a prudent capital structure. Over the next few years, we expect to experience higher growth
 rates than over the last decade. To foster intensified internal growth, we have increased our worldwide R D and engineering technical staff; we are increasing our technical field sales force in Asia to increase our market access to the
 industrial segment and increase the design-in of our products in local markets; and we are directing increased funding and focus on developing products to capitalize on the mega trends of electrification, data storage, and wireless communications. 
 We have identified thirty key product lines for growth and are planning to invest more to expand these key product lines. We expect to invest approximately 385 million in 2023 and approximately 1.2 billion over the next three years primarily for
 capital expansion projects outside of China as part of our growth and margin expansion plan. 

In addition to enhancing stockholder value through growing our business, on February 7, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Return Policy, which calls for us to return at least 70 of free cash flow, net of
 scheduled principal payments of long-term debt, on an annual basis. See further discussion in Stockholder Return Policy below.

Our business and operating results have been, and will continue to be, impacted by worldwide economic conditions. Our revenues are dependent on end
 markets that are impacted by consumer and industrial demand, and our operating results can be adversely affected by reduced demand in those global markets. The worldwide economy and, specifically, our business were and continue to be impacted by
 the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in 2020 . While the wide-spread economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Vishay was temporary as evidenced by our revenues
 since the beginning of 2021, similar disruptions have continued to occur on a more limited scale. 

Our operations in the People's Republic
 of China, particularly in Shanghai, were impacted by COVID-19 government mandated shut-downs in the second fiscal quarter of 2022. These manufacturing facilities were temporarily closed and some were operating at levels less than full
 capacity. We incurred incremental costs separable from normal operations that are directly related to these government mandated shut-downs, primarily wages paid to manufacturing employees during the shut-downs, additional wages and hardship
 allowances for working during lockdown periods, and temporary housing for employees due to travel restrictions , which were partially offset by government subsidies. The net
 impact of the costs and subsidies are reported as cost of products sold 6.7 million and selling, general, and administrative expenses 0.5 million) based on
 employee function on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Since 2021, certain costs directly attributable to the pandemic, such as additional costs of cleaning and disinfecting facilities and costs
 of additional safety equipment for employees, are no longer incremental and are considered normal operating costs. These expenses and all indirect financial changes from the
 COVID-19 pandemic, such as general macroeconomic effects and higher shipping costs due to reduced shipping capacity, are excluded from the amounts reported as COVID-19 pandemic expenses. In this volatile economic environment, we continue
 to closely monitor our fixed costs, capital expenditure plans, inventory, and capital resources to respond to changing conditions and to ensure we have the management, business processes, and resources to meet our future needs. We will react
 quickly and professionally to changes in demand to minimize manufacturing inefficiencies and excess inventory build in periods of decline and maximize opportunities in periods of growth. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to withstand
 temporary disruptions in the economic environment. See additional information regarding our competitive strengths and key challenges as disclosed in Part 1.

29 

We utilize several financial metrics, including net revenues, gross profit margin, segment operating income, end-of-period backlog, book-to-bill ratio, inventory
 turnover, change in average selling prices, net cash and short-term investments (debt), and free cash generation to evaluate the performance and assess the future direction of our business. See further discussion in Financial Metrics and
 Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources below. The key financial metrics remained strong in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022, but were slightly negatively impacted by cost inflation, the beginning of a distributor inventory
 correction that resulted in lower orders, and foreign currency effects. Net revenues and margins increased versus the prior year period. Average selling prices remained stable in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 after broad increases in prior
 periods. 

Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
 3.497 billion, compared to net revenues of 3.240 billion and 2.502 billion for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net
 earnings attributable to Vishay stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 428.8 million, or 2.98 per diluted share, compared to 298.0 million, or 2.05 per diluted
 share, and 122.9 million, or 0.85
 per share, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

We define adjusted net earnings as net earnings determined in accordance with GAAP adjusted for various items that management believes are not indicative of the
 intrinsic operating performance of our business. We define free cash as the cash flows generated from continuing operations less capital expenditures plus net proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. The reconciliations below include
 certain financial measures which are not recognized in accordance with GAAP, including adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash. These non-GAAP measures should not be viewed as alternatives to GAAP measures of performance or
 liquidity. Non-GAAP measures such as adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash do not have uniform definitions. These measures, as calculated by Vishay, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other
 companies. Management believes that adjusted net earnings and adjusted earnings per share are meaningful because they provide insight with respect to our intrinsic operating results. Management believes that free cash is a meaningful measure of our
 ability to fund acquisitions, repay debt, and otherwise enhance stockholder value through stock repurchases or dividends.

Net earnings attributable to Vishay stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 include items affecting comparability. The items affecting comparability are (in thousands, except per
 share amounts) :

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

GAAP net earnings attributable to Vishay stockholders

428,810

297,970

122,923

Reconciling items affecting gross profit: 

Impact of COVID-19 pandemic

6,661

-

4,563

Other reconciling items affecting operating income: 

Impact of COVID-19 pandemic

546

-

(1,451

Restructuring and severance costs

-

-

743

Reconciling items affecting other income (expense): 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt

-

-

8,073

Reconciling items affecting tax expense (benefit): 

Effects of changes in uncertain tax positions 

(5,941 

- 

3,751 

Effects of changes in valuation allowances 

(33,669 

(5,714 

- 

Effect of change in indefinite reversal assertion 

59,642 

-

-

Change in tax laws and regulations 

-

45,040

- 

Change in deferred taxes due to early extinguishment of debt 

-

-

(1,563

Effects of cash repatriation program 

- 

- 

(190 

Tax effects of pre-tax items above

(1,802

-

(2,799

Adjusted net earnings

454,247

337,296

134,050

Adjusted weighted average diluted shares outstanding

143,915

145,495

145,228

Adjusted earnings per diluted share

3.16

2.32

0.92

30 

The following table reconciles gross profit by segment to consolidated gross profit. Direct costs of the COVID-19 pandemic are not allocated to the segments as the chief operating decision maker's evaluation of segment
 performance does not include these costs (in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

MOSFETS

274,498 

189,959

114,236 

Diodes

198,105 

168,365 

90,004 

Optoelectronic Components

102,787 

100,737 

66,502 

Resistors

262,072 

215,853 

153,214 

Inductors

104,349 

107,358 

92,500 

Capacitors

123,839 

105,641 

70,010 

Unallocated gross profit (loss)

(6,661 

- 

(4,563 

Gross profit

1,058,989 

887,913

581,903 

Although the term "free cash" is not defined in GAAP, each of the elements used to calculate free cash is presented as a line item on the face of our consolidated
 statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our free cash results are as follows (in thousands) :

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net cash provided by continuing operating activities

484,288

457,104

314,938

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment

1,198

1,317

403

Less: Capital expenditures

(325,308

(218,372

(123,599

Free cash

160,178

240,049

191,742

Our results for 2022 and 2021 represent the continuation of the favorable business conditions that we have been experiencing since the latter part of 2020. Our percentage of
 euro-based sales approximates our percentage of euro-based expenses so the euro foreign currency impact on revenues was substantially offset by the impact on expenses. Our pre-tax results were consistent with expectations based on our business
 model.

Our free cash results were significantly impacted by the installment payments of the U.S. transition tax of 14.8 million in 2022
 and 2021 and 25.2 million of payments of foreign, withholding, and claw-back cash taxes on foreign earnings in Israel for the 81.2 million (net of taxes) that was repatriated to the U.S. in 2022 . 

31 

Financial Metrics

We utilize several financial metrics to evaluate the performance and assess the future direction of our business. These key financial measures and metrics include net
 revenues, gross profit margin, operating margin, segment operating income, end-of-period backlog, and the book-to-bill ratio. We also monitor changes in our inventory turnover and our or publicly available average selling prices ASP ).

Gross profit margin is computed as gross profit as a percentage of net revenues. Gross profit is generally net revenues less costs of products sold, but also deducts
 certain other period costs, particularly losses on purchase commitments and inventory write-downs. Losses on purchase commitments and inventory write-downs have the impact of reducing gross profit margin in the period of the charge, but result in
 improved gross profit margins in subsequent periods by reducing costs of products sold as inventory is used. We also regularly evaluate gross profit by segment to assist in the analysis of consolidated gross profit. Gross profit margin and gross
 profit margin by segment are clearly a function of net revenues, but also reflect our cost management programs and our ability to contain fixed costs.

Operating margin is computed as gross profit less operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of net revenues. Operating margin is clearly a function of net revenues, but also reflects our cost management programs and
 our ability to contain fixed costs.

Our chief operating decision maker makes decisions, allocates resources, and evaluates business segment performance based on segment operating income. Only dedicated, direct selling, general, and administrative
 ("SG A") expenses of the segments are included in the calculation of segment operating income. We do not allocate certain SG A expenses that are managed at the regional or corporate global level to our segments. Accordingly, segment
 operating income excludes these SG A expenses that are not directly traceable to the segments. Segment operating income would also exclude costs not routinely used in the management of the segments in periods when those items are present, such
 as restructuring and severance costs, the direct impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other items affecting comparability. Segment operating income is clearly a function of net revenues, but also reflects our cost management programs and our
 ability to contain fixed costs. Segment operating margin is segment operating income expressed as a percentage of net revenues. 

End-of-period backlog is one indicator of future revenues. We include in our backlog only open orders that we expect to ship in the next twelve months. If demand falls
 below customers forecasts, or if customers do not control their inventory effectively, they may cancel or reschedule the shipments that are included in our backlog, in many instances without the payment of any penalty. Therefore, the backlog is not
 necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future periods.

An important indicator of demand in our industry is the book-to-bill ratio, which is the ratio of the amount of product ordered during a period as compared with the
 product that we ship during that period. A book-to-bill ratio that is greater than one indicates that our backlog is building and that we are likely to see increasing revenues in future periods. Conversely, a book-to-bill ratio that is less than one
 is an indicator of declining demand and may foretell declining revenues.

We focus on our inventory turnover as a measure of how well we are managing our inventory. We define inventory turnover for a financial reporting period as our costs of
 products sold for the four fiscal quarters ending on the last day of the reporting period divided by our average inventory (computed using each fiscal quarter-end balance) for this same period. A higher level of inventory turnover reflects more
 efficient use of our capital.

Pricing in our industry can be volatile. Using our and publicly available data, we analyze trends and changes in average selling prices to evaluate likely future
 pricing. The erosion of average selling prices of established products is typical for semiconductor products. We attempt to offset this deterioration with ongoing cost reduction activities and new product introductions. Our specialty passive
 components are more resistant to average selling price erosion. All pricing is subject to governing market conditions and is independently set by us.

32 

The quarter-to-quarter trends in these financial metrics can also be an important indicator of the likely direction of our business. The following table shows net
 revenues, gross profit margin, operating margin, end-of-period backlog, book-to-bill ratio, inventory turnover, and changes in ASP for our business as a whole during the five fiscal quarters beginning with the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 through the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022
 (dollars in thousands) :

4th Quarter 

 2021 

1st Quarter 

 2022 

2nd Quarter 

 2022 

3rd Quarter 

 2022 

4th Quarter 

 2022 

Net revenues

843,072

853,793

863,512

924,798

855,298

Gross profit margin (1) 

27.3

30.3

30.3

31.3

29.1

Operating margin (2) 

14.4

17.1

17.5

19.8

15.8

End-of-period backlog

2,306,500

2,416,700

2,425,200

2,261,400

2,292,700

Book-to-bill ratio

1.09

1.14

1.07

0.88

0.94

Inventory turnover

4.5

4.2

3.8

4.1

3.9

Change in ASP vs. prior quarter

1.3

2.4

2.9

0.0

0.6

_______________

(1) Gross margin for the second fiscal quarter of 2022 includes 6.7 million of expenses directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 (see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements).

(2) Operating margin for the second fiscal quarter of 2022 includes 7.2 million of expenses directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic (see Note 8 to our consolidated
 financial statements).

See Financial Metrics by Segment below for net revenues, book-to-bill ratio, and gross profit margin broken out by segment.

Revenues increased slightly versus the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021
 primarily due to higher average selling prices. Revenues decreased significantly versus the prior fiscal quarter, primarily due to lower volume. The decrease versus the prior fiscal quarter is partially due to a sales catch-up experienced in the
 third fiscal quarter of 2022 following the government mandated COVID-19 shut-down of our manufacturing facilities in Shanghai, People's Republic of China in the second fiscal quarter and the beginning of a distributor inventory correction in the
 fourth fiscal of 2022. We expect that the distributor inventory correction will continue in the first and second fiscal quarters of 2023. We continue to increase manufacturing capacity for critical product lines. Average selling prices were stable
 in the fourth fiscal quarter following broad price increases that we implemented in prior periods across the product portfolio to offset increased materials and transportation costs and general inflation.

Gross profit margin decreased versus the prior fiscal quarter primarily due to lower volume. Gross profit margin increased versus the prior year quarter primarily due
 to higher average selling prices. 

The book-to-bill ratio in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 increased to 0.94 versus 0.88 in the third fiscal quarter of 2022. 

33 

Financial Metrics by Segment

The following table shows net revenues, book-to-bill ratio, gross profit margin, and segment operating margin broken out by segment for the five fiscal quarters
 beginning with the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 through the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 (dollars in thousands) :

4th Quarter 

 2021 

1st Quarter 

 2022 

2nd Quarter 

 2022 

3rd Quarter 

 2022 

4th Quarter 

 2022 

MOSFETs 

Net revenues

171,339

172,674

158,395

225,186

206,005

Book-to-bill ratio

1.01

1.28

1.14

0.78

1.15

Gross profit margin

30.1

34.0

35.0

36.9

37.5

Segment operating margin

23.5

28.1

28.2

31.9

30.9

Diodes 

Net revenues

192,117

182,334

192,083

209,012

181,791

Book-to-bill ratio

1.10

1.16

1.10

0.79

0.88

Gross profit margin

23.7

25.1

27.8

27.0

23.4

Segment operating margin

20.6

22.2

25.3

24.6

19.9

Optoelectronic Components 

Net revenues

78,398

81,016

77,936

73,447

63,985

Book-to-bill ratio

1.22

0.78

0.86

0.57

0.78

Gross profit margin

34.2

40.0

33.9

35.3

28.1

Segment operating margin

27.2

34.8

28.7

30.0

20.1

Resistors 

Net revenues

190,041

207,032

213,176

207,437

205,161

Book-to-bill ratio

1.14

1.24

1.05

1.08

0.85

Gross profit margin

28.5

31.4

33.1

33.0

28.3

Segment operating margin

25.6

28.1

29.9

29.7

25.3

Inductors 

Net revenues

81,825

82,777

89,608

83,503

75,198

Book-to-bill ratio

1.13

1.14

0.97

1.02

0.83

Gross profit margin

29.4

30.0

33.1

30.8

32.1

Segment operating margin

26.4

26.8

30.0

27.0

28.9

Capacitors 

Net revenues

129,352

127,960

132,314

126,213

123,158

Book-to-bill ratio

1.04

1.02

1.17

0.95

0.99

Gross profit margin

21.6

25.2

24.5

23.7

23.7

Segment operating margin

17.7

21.4

20.9

20.1

19.9

_________

34 

Stockholder Value 

We are focused on enhancing stockholder value by growing our business and improving earnings per share. Over the next few years, we expect to experience higher internal growth rates than over the last decade. This
 expectation is based upon accelerated electrification, such as factory automation, electrical vehicles, and 5G infrastructures. To meet this expected increase in demand and to fully participate in growing markets, we intend to increase our capital
 expenditures for expansion outside of China in the mid-term. The increased capital expenditures will be primarily used to increase manufacturing capacity for the thirty key product lines for growth that we identified. The most significant
 expansion projects include building a 12-inch wafer fab in Itzehoe, Germany adjacent to our existing 8-inch fab, expanding our Inductors manufacturing, and expanding our GaAs fab in Heilbronn, Germany. 

On February 7, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Return Policy, which calls for us to return at least 70 of free cash flow, net of scheduled principal payments of long-term debt, on an annual basis. We
 intend to return such amounts to stockholders directly, in the form of dividends, or indirectly, in the form of stock repurchases.

The following table summarizes activity pursuant to this policy (in thousands): 

Year ended 

December 31, 2022 

Dividends paid to stockholders

57,187 

Stock repurchases

82,972 

Total

140,159 

As a direct result of a change in tax law in Israel, we made the determination during the fourth quarter of 2021 that substantially all unremitted
 foreign earnings in Israel are no longer permanently reinvested. We intend to primarily utilize these earnings, distributed from Israel to the United States, to initially fund our Stockholder Return Policy. We repatriated 81.2 million (net
 of taxes) to the United States from Israel during 2022. The repatriated cash is being used to fund our Stockholder Return Policy.

Over the long-term, we expect to fund the Stockholder Return Policy from our historically strong cash flows from operations. However, because most
 of our operating cash flow is typically generated by our non-U.S. subsidiaries, we made the determination during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that substantially all unremitted earnings in Germany are no longer indefinitely reinvested and
 recorded additional tax expense of 59.6 million. Substantially all of these additional taxes would be withholding and foreign taxes on cash remitted to the U.S., as such dividends are generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax. The
 change in this indefinite reinvestment assertion will provide greater access to our worldwide cash balances to fund our growth plan and our Stockholder Return Policy, but will also increase our effective tax rate. 

The structure of our Stockholder Return Policy enables us to allocate capital responsibly among our business, our lenders, and our stockholders. We
 will continue to invest in growth initiatives including key product line expansions, targeted R D, and synergistic acquisitions. 

We have paid dividends each quarter since the first quarter of 2014, and
 t he Stockholder Return Policy will remain in effect until such time as the Board votes to amend or rescind the policy. Implementation of the Stockholder
 Return Policy is subject to future declarations of dividends by the Board of Directors, market and business conditions, legal requirements, and other factors. The policy sets forth our intention, but does not obligate us to acquire any
 shares of common stock or declare any dividends, and the policy may be terminated or suspended at any time at our discretion, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 

35 

Acquisition Activity

As

part of its growth strategy, the Company seeks to expand through targeted acquisitions of other manufacturers of electronic components. These acquisition targets include businesses that have established positions in major markets, reputations for
 product quality and reliability, and product lines with which the Company has substantial marketing and technical expertise. It also includes certain businesses that possess technologies which the Company expects to further develop and
 commercialize. To limit our financial exposure, we have implemented a policy not to pursue acquisitions if our post-acquisition debt would exceed 2.5x our pro forma earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ). For
 these purposes, we calculate pro forma EBITDA as the adjusted EBITDA of Vishay and the target for Vishay s four preceding fiscal quarters, with a pro forma adjustment for savings which management estimates would have been achieved had the target
 been acquired by Vishay at the beginning of the four fiscal quarter period.

On October 28, 2022, we acquired MaxPower Semiconductor, Inc. ("MaxPower"), a San Jose, California-based fabless power semiconductor provider dedicated
 to delivering innovative and cost-effective technologies that optimize power management solutions. MaxPower's proprietary device structures and process techniques provide leading edge silicon and silicon carbide ("SiC") MOSFET products. Its SiC
 product development targets automotive and industrial applications. We paid cash of 50.0 million, net of cash acquired, at closing. Related to the transaction, we may also be required to make certain contingent payments of up to 57.5 million,
 which would be payable upon the achievement of certain technology milestones, upon favorable resolution of certain technology licensing matters with a third party, and upon the disposition of MaxPower's investment in an equity affiliate. 
 MaxPower is included in our MOSFETs segment. The inclusion of this acquisition did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated results for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On December 31, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of Barry Industries, a Massachusetts-based, privately-held manufacturer of
 resistive products for 20.8 million. Barry Industries is included in our Resistors segment. The inclusion of this acquisition did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire additional suitable acquisition candidates at price levels and on terms and conditions we consider
 acceptable.

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

36 

Cost Management

We place a strong emphasis on controlling our costs, and use various measures and metrics to evaluate our cost structure.

We define variable costs as expenses that vary with respect to quantity produced. Fixed costs do not vary with respect to quantity produced over the relevant time
 period. Contributive margin is calculated as net revenue less variable costs. It may be expressed in dollars or as a percentage of net revenue. Management uses this measure to determine the amount of profit to be expected for any change in
 revenues. While these measures are typical cost accounting measures, none of these measures are recognized in accordance with GAAP. The classification of expenses as either variable or fixed is judgmental and other companies might classify such
 expenses differently. These measures, as calculated by Vishay, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.

We closely monitor variable costs and seek to achieve the contributive margin in our business model. Over a period of many years, we have generally maintained a
 contributive margin of between 45 and 47 of revenues. The erosion of average selling prices, particularly of our semiconductor products, that is typical of our industry, and inflation negatively impact contributive margin and drive us to
 continually seek ways to reduce our variable costs. Our variable cost reduction efforts include increasing the efficiency in our production facilities by expending capital for automation, reducing materials costs, materials substitution, increasing
 wafer size and shrinking dies to maximize efficiency in our semiconductor production processes, and other yield improvement activities.

Our cost management strategy also includes a focus on controlling fixed costs recorded as costs of products sold or selling, general, and administrative expenses and
 maintaining our break-even point (adjusted for acquisitions). We seek to limit increases in selling, general, and administrative expenses to the rate of inflation, excluding foreign currency exchange effects and substantially independent of sales
 volume changes. At constant fixed costs, we would expect each 1 million increase in revenues to increase our operating income by approximately 450,000 to 470,000. Sudden changes in the business conditions, however, may not allow us to quickly
 adapt our manufacturing capacity and cost structure.

Occasionally, our ongoing cost containment activities are not adequate and we must take actions to maintain our cost competitiveness. We incurred significant
 restructuring expenses in our past to reduce our cost structure. Historically, our primary cost reduction technique was through the transfer of production to the extent possible from high-labor-cost countries to lower-labor-cost countries. We
 believe that our manufacturing footprint is suitable to serve our customers and end markets, while maintaining lower manufacturing costs. Since 2013, our cost reduction programs have primarily focused on reducing fixed costs, including selling,
 general, and administrative expenses.

We continue to monitor the economic environment and its potential effects on our customers and the end markets that we serve.

We do not anticipate any material restructuring activities in 2023. However, a worsening business environment for the electronics industry or a significant economic
 downturn may require us to implement additional restructuring initiatives.

In uncertain times, we focus on managing our production capacities in accordance with customer requirements, and maintain discipline in terms of our fixed costs and
 capital expenditures. Even as we seek to manage our costs, we remain cognizant of the future requirements of our demanding markets. We continue to pursue our growth plans through investing in capacities for strategic product lines, and through
 increasing our resources for R D, technical marketing, and field application engineering; supplemented by opportunistic acquisitions of specialty businesses.

Our long-term strategy includes growth through the integration of acquired businesses, and GAAP requires plant closure and employee termination costs that we incur in
 connection with our acquisition activities to be recorded as expenses in our consolidated statement of operations, as such expenses are incurred. We have not incurred any material plant closure or employee termination costs related to any of the
 businesses acquired since 2011, but we expect to have some level of future restructuring expenses due to acquisitions.

37 

Foreign Currency Translation

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks, particularly due to transactions in currencies other than the functional currencies of certain subsidiaries. We
 occasionally use forward exchange contracts to economically hedge a portion of our projected cash flows from these exposures.

GAAP requires that entities identify the functional currency of each of their subsidiaries and measure all elements of the financial statements in that functional
 currency. A subsidiary s functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates. In cases where a subsidiary is relatively self-contained within a particular country, the local currency is generally deemed to be
 the functional currency. However, a foreign subsidiary that is a direct and integral component or extension of the parent company s operations generally would have the parent company s currency as its functional currency. We have both situations
 among our subsidiaries.

Foreign Subsidiaries which use the Local Currency as the Functional Currency

We finance our operations in Europe and certain locations in Asia in local currencies, and accordingly, these subsidiaries utilize the local currency as their functional
 currency. For those subsidiaries where the local currency is the functional currency, assets and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets have been translated at the rate of exchange as of the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments do not
 impact the results of operations and are reported as a separate component of stockholders equity.

For those subsidiaries where the local currency is the functional currency, revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate for the year. While the
 translation of revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars does not directly impact the consolidated statement of operations, the translation effectively increases or decreases the U.S. dollar equivalent of revenues generated and expenses incurred in
 those foreign currencies. The dollar was stronger during 2022 versus 2021, but weaker during 2021 versus 2020, with the translation of foreign currency revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars decreasing reported revenues and expenses in 2022 versus 2021, but increasing reported revenues and
 expenses in 2021 versus 2020.

Foreign Subsidiaries which use the U.S. Dollar as the Functional Currency

Our operations in Israel and most significant locations in Asia are largely financed in U.S. dollars, and accordingly, these subsidiaries utilize the U.S. dollar as
 their functional currency. For those foreign subsidiaries where the U.S. dollar is the functional currency, all foreign currency financial statement amounts are remeasured into U.S. dollars. Exchange gains and losses arising from remeasurement of
 foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities are included in the results of operations. While these subsidiaries transact most business in U.S. dollars, they may have significant costs, particularly payroll-related, which are incurred
 in the local currency. The cost of products sold and selling, general, and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022
 have been favorably impacted compared to 2021 by local currency transactions of subsidiaries which use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, while the cost of products sold and selling, general, and administrative expense for the year ended
 December 31, 2021 were unfavorably impacted compared to 2020 by local currency transactions of subsidiaries which use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency.

See Item 7A for additional discussion of foreign currency exchange risk.

38 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. We identify here a number of policies that entail significant
 judgments or estimates.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in contracts with customers, and excludes any sales incentives and amounts collected on behalf of third
 parties. We recognize revenue when we satisfy our performance obligations.

We have a broad line of products that we sell to OEMs, electronic manufacturing services ("EMS") companies, which manufacture for OEMs on an outsourcing basis, and
 independent distributors that maintain large inventories of electronic components for resale to OEMs and EMS companies.

We recognize revenue on sales to distributors when the distributor takes control of the products ("sold-to" model). We have agreements with distributors that allow
 distributors a limited credit for unsaleable products, which we refer to as a "scrap allowance." Consistent with industry practice, we also have a "stock, ship and debit" program whereby we consider requests by distributors for credits on previously
 purchased products that remain in distributors' inventory, to enable the distributors to offer more competitive pricing. In addition, we have contractual arrangements whereby we provide distributors with protection against price reductions initiated
 by us after product is sold by us to the distributor and prior to resale by the distributor.

We recognize the estimated variable consideration to be received as revenue and record a related accrued expense for the consideration not expected to be received, based
 upon an estimate of product returns, scrap allowances, "stock, ship and debit" credits, and price protection credits that will be attributable to sales recorded through the end of the period. We make these estimates based upon sales levels to our
 customers during the period, inventory levels at the distributors, current and projected market conditions, and historical experience under the programs. While we utilize a number of different methodologies to estimate the accruals, all of the
 methodologies take into account sales levels to customers during the relevant period, inventory levels at the distributors, current and projected market trends and conditions, recent and historical activity under the relevant programs, changes in
 program policies, and open requests for credits. These procedures require the exercise of significant judgments. We believe that we have a reasonable basis to estimate future credits under the programs.

See Notes 1 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.

Inventories

We value our inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined under the first-in, first-out method. The valuation of our inventories
 requires our management to make market estimates. For work in process goods, we are required to estimate the cost to completion of the products and the prices at which we will be able to sell the products. For finished goods, we must assess the
 prices at which we believe the inventory can be sold. Inventories are also adjusted for estimated obsolescence and written down to net realizable value based upon estimates of future demand, technology developments and market conditions.

Goodwill

See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our goodwill impairment tests.

The fair value of reporting units for goodwill impairment testing purposes is measured primarily using present value techniques based on projected cash flows from the
 reporting unit. The calculated results are evaluated for reasonableness using comparable company data. The determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and
 assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to: the selection of appropriate peer group companies; control premiums appropriate for acquisitions in the industries in which we compete; the discount rate; terminal growth rates; and forecasts of
 revenue, operating income, depreciation and amortization, and capital expenditures.

Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making these estimates, actual financial results could differ from those estimates. In addition, changes in assumptions
 concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the reporting unit and the amount of the goodwill impairment charge.

39 

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits

Our defined benefit plans are concentrated in the United States, Germany, and the Republic of China (Taiwan). At December 31, 2022, our U.S. plans include various non-qualified plans. The table below summarizes information about our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This information
 should be read in conjunction with Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements (amounts in thousands): 

Benefit

 obligation

Plan assets

Funded

 position

Informally

 funded assets

Net position

Unrecognized

 actuarial

 items 

U.S. non-qualified pension plans

37,221

-

(37,221

21,638

(15,583

69

German pension plans

125,377

-

(125,377

3,677

(121,700

12,500

Taiwanese pension plans

47,210

39,461

(7,749

-

(7,749

4,000

Other pension plans

30,954

26,159

(4,795

-

(4,795

(108

OPEB plans

11,043

-

(11,043

-

(11,043

(1,288

Other retirement obligations

10,560

-

(10,560

-

(10,560

-

262,365

65,620

(196,745

25,315

(171,430

15,173

Accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans involves numerous assumptions and estimates. The discount rate at which obligations could
 effectively be settled and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets are two critical assumptions in measuring the cost and benefit obligations of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Other important assumptions include the
 anticipated rate of future increases in compensation levels, estimated mortality, and for certain postretirement medical plans, increases or trends in health care costs. Management reviews these assumptions at least annually. We use independent
 actuaries and investment advisers to assist us in formulating assumptions and making estimates. These assumptions are updated periodically to reflect the actual experience and expectations on a plan specific basis as appropriate.

In the U.S., we utilize published long-term high quality bonds to determine the discount rate at the measurement date. In Germany and the Republic of China (Taiwan), we
 utilize published long-term government bond rates to determine the discount rate at the measurement date. We utilize bond yields at various maturity dates that reflect the timing of expected future benefit payments. We believe the discount rates
 selected are the rates at which these obligations could effectively be settled.

Non-qualified plans in the U.S. are considered by law to be unfunded. However, the Company maintains assets in a rabbi trust to fund benefit payments under certain of
 these plans. Such assets would be subject to creditor claims under certain conditions. (See also Notes 11 and 18 to our consolidated financial statements.)

Many of our non-U.S. plans are unfunded based on local laws and customs. For those non-U.S. plans that do
 maintain investments, their asset holdings are primarily cash and fixed income securities, based on local laws and customs. Some non-U.S. plans also informally fund their plans by holding certain available-for-sale investments. Such assets would
 be subject to creditor claims under certain conditions. (See also Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements.) 

We set the expected long-term rate of return based on the expected long-term average rates of return to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In
 establishing this rate, we consider historical and expected returns for the asset classes in which the plans are invested, advice from pension consultants and investment advisors, and current economic and capital market conditions. The expected
 return on plan assets is incorporated into the computation of pension expense. The difference between this expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred. The net deferral of past asset losses (gains) affects the calculated value
 of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension expense (income).

We continue to seek to de-risk our global pension exposures. Such actions could result in increased net periodic pension cost due to lower expected rates of return on
 plan assets and/or possible additional charges to recognize unamortized actuarial items if all or a portion of the obligations were to be settled.

We believe that the current assumptions used to estimate plan obligations and annual expenses are appropriate. However, if economic conditions change or if our
 investment strategy changes, we may be inclined to change some of our assumptions, and the resulting change could have a material impact on the consolidated statements of operations and on the consolidated balance sheet.

40 

Income Taxes

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our
 provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We establish reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of
 whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves are established when we believe that certain positions might be challenged despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. We adjust these
 reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances and the provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate.

These accruals for tax-related uncertainties are based on our best estimate of potential tax exposures. When particular matters arise, a number of years may elapse
 before such matters are audited by tax authorities and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any particular issue
 could increase the effective tax rate and may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.

Our U.S. federal income tax returns are under examination for the years ended December 31, 2017 through 2019. The IRS may, however, ask for supporting documentation for
 net operating losses for the years ended December 31, 2013 through 2016, which were utilized in the year ended December 31, 2017. During 2022, certain tax examinations were concluded and certain statutes of limitations lapsed. Our tax provision for those years includes adjustments related to the resolution of
 these matters. The tax returns of significant non-U.S. subsidiaries currently under examination are located in the following jurisdictions: Germany (2017 through 2021), India (2004 through 2020), and Italy (2017 through 2019). The Company and its
 subsidiaries also file income tax returns in other taxing jurisdictions in the U.S. and around the world, many of which are still open to examination. 

See Notes 1 and 5 to consolidated financial statements for additional information.

41 

Results of Operations

Statement of operations captions as a percentage of net revenues and the effective tax rates were as follows:

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Costs of products sold

69.7

72.6

76.7

Gross profit

30.3

27.4

23.3

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

12.7

13.0

14.8

Operating income

17.6

14.4

8.4

Income before taxes and noncontrolling interest

17.0

13.4

6.3

Net earnings attributable to Vishay stockholders

12.3

9.2

4.9

________

Effective tax rate

27.5

31.2

21.8

Net Revenues

Net revenues were as follows (dollars in thousands) :

2022

2021

2020

Net revenues

3,497,401

3,240,487

2,501,898

Change versus prior year

256,914

738,589

Percentage change versus prior year

7.9

29.5

Changes in net revenues were attributable to the following:

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Change attributable to:

Increase in volume

4.3

25.5

Increase in average selling prices

7.2

1.0

Foreign currency effects

(4.0

1.4

Acquisitions

0.4

0.7

Other

0.0

0.9

Net change

7.9

29.5

Net revenues increased significantly in 2022 and 2021 versus the prior years. We experienced good economic conditions while we increased critical manufacturing capacities through 2022. We implemented broad price increases across
 the product portfolio. Net revenues increased versus 2021 primarily due to increases in volume and average selling prices. 

Gross Profit and Margins

Gross profit margins for the year ended December 31, 2022
 were 30.3 , as compared to 27.4 
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross profit margin is primarily due to increased average selling prices and
 increased sales volume. Higher transportation and metals and materials costs negatively impacted the contributive margin.

42 

Segments

Analysis of revenues and margins for our segments is provided below. Direct costs of the COVID-19 pandemic are not allocated to the segments. 

MOSFETs 

Net revenues of the MOSFETs segment were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net revenues

762,260

667,998

501,380

Change versus comparable prior year period

94,262

166,618

Percentage change versus comparable prior year period

14.1

33.2

Changes in MOSFETs segment net revenues were attributable to the following:

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Change attributable to:

Increase in volume

4.1

33.1

Change in average selling prices

11.8

(0.3

Foreign currency effects

(2.4

0.6

Acquisition 

0.1 

0.0 

Other

0.5

(0.2

Net change

14.1

33.2

Gross profit margins and segment operating margins for the MOSFETs segment were as follows:

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Gross profit margin

36.0 

28.4 

22.8 

Segment operating margin 

30.0 

22.3 

15.3 

The MOSFETs segment net revenues increased significantly in 2022 versus the prior year. The increase is primarily due to increased average selling prices and sales
 volume. The increase in net revenues was achieved despite the two-month government mandated COVID-19 shut-down in Shanghai, People's Republic of China that required an almost complete closure of our main manufacturing facility in the second fiscal
 quarter of 2022, while we had no significant closures in 2021. All regions and customer channels, particularly distribution customers in the Americas region, contributed to the increase.

The gross profit margin in 2022 increased versus the
 prior year primarily due to increased average selling prices and sales volume, partially offset by significant cost inflation.

The segment operating margin increased versus the prior year primarily due to increased gross profit. Increased segment SG A expenses
 primarily due to increased R D activity, including those of recently acquired MaxPower, limited the increase. 

Average selling prices increased versus the prior year due to the strategic price increases implemented beginning in the second half of 2021. 

We continue to invest to expand mid- and long-term manufacturing capacity for strategic product lines. We
 have begun building a 12-inch wafer fab in Itzehoe, Germany adjacent to our existing 8-inch wafer fab, which we expect will increase our in-house wafer capacity by approximately 70 within 3-4 years and allow us to balance our in-house and foundry
 wafer supply. 

We acquired leading edge silicon and silicon carbide MOSFETs products with our
 acquisition of MaxPower in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022. 

43 

Diodes 

Net revenues of the Diodes segment were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net revenues

765,220

709,416

502,548

Change versus comparable prior year period

55,804

206,868

Percentage change versus comparable prior year period

7.9

41.2

Changes in Diodes segment net revenues were attributable to the following:

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Change attributable to:

Increase in volume

1.8

34.2

Increase in average selling prices

9.7

2.9

Foreign currency effects

(3.7

1.2

Other

0.1

2.9

Net change

7.9

41.2

Gross profit margins and segment operating margins for the Diodes segment were as follows:

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Gross profit margin

25.9

23.7

17.9

Segment operating margin 

23.1 

20.6 

13.9 

Net revenues of the Diodes segment increased significantly in 2022. 

The increase in net revenues was achieved despite various government mandated COVID-19 shut-downs in the People's Republic of China that impacted our operations in Tianjin, Shanghai, and Xi'an, while we had no significant closures in 2021. The
 increase is primarily due to increased average selling prices and sales volume, partially offset by negative foreign currency impacts. End market customers in all regions and distribution customers in the Americas region contributed to the growth.

Gross profit margin increased versus the prior year primarily due to increased average selling prices, our cost reduction measures, and increases in sales volume,
 partially offset by cost inflation.

Segment operating margin increased versus the prior year primarily due to increased gross profit. The impact of a weaker euro decreased segment SG A
 expenses. The decrease in segment SG A expenses was partially offset by cost inflation and increased R D activities.

Average selling prices increased versus the prior year. Ongoing strong demand allowed us to continue with strategic price increases. Positive customer and product mix
 also contributed to the increased prices.

44 

O ptoelectronic Components 

Net revenues of the Optoelectronic Components segment were as follows (dollars in
 thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net revenues

296,384

302,714

236,616

Change versus comparable prior year period

(6,330

66,098

Percentage change versus comparable prior year period

(2.1

27.9

Changes in Optoelectronic Components segment net revenues were attributable to the following:

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Change attributable to:

Change in volume

(3.6

22.2

Increase in average selling prices

6.7

2.7

Foreign currency effects

(4.7

1.7

Other

(0.5

1.3

Net change

(2.1

27.9

Gross profit margins and segment operating margins for the Optoelectronic Components segment were as follows:

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Gross profit margin

34.7

33.3

28.1

Segment operating margin 

28.8 

27.2 

21.3 

The Optoelectronic Components segment net revenues decreased slightly versus the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to the negative impact of a weaker euro and
 decreased sales volume, partially offset by increased average selling prices. Sales to customers in the Asia region, particularly consumer and telecommunications end market customers, decreased, partially offset by increased sales to customers in
 the Americas region.

The gross profit margin increased versus the prior year. The increase is primarily due to increased average selling prices, a more profitable product mix, and our cost
 reduction measures, partially offset by cost inflation and lower sales volume. 

The segment operating margin increased primarily due to the increase in gross profit. Decreased segment SG A expenses, primarily due to the weaker
 euro, positively impacted the segment operating margin.

Average selling prices increased versus the prior year. The high level of demand and cost inflation allowed us to continue to increase average selling prices for certain customers. 

We are now using our recently modernized and expanded wafer fab in Heilbronn, Germany. 

45 

Resistors 

Net revenues of the Resistors segment were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net revenues

832,806

752,554

606,183

Change versus comparable prior year period

80,252

146,371

Percentage change versus comparable prior year period

10.7

24.1

Changes in Resistors segment net revenues were attributable to the following:

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Change attributable to:

Increase in volume

10.4

18.2

Increase in average selling prices

4.6

0.3

Foreign currency effects

(5.6

2.0

Acquisitions

1.5

3.0

Other

(0.2

0.6

Net change

10.7

24.1

Gross profit margins and segment operating margins for the Resistors segment were as follows:

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Gross profit margin

31.5

28.7

25.3

Segment operating margin 

28.2 

25.4 

21.6 

Net revenues of the Resistors segment increased significantly versus the prior year. All regions, particularly the Americas, contributed to the increase. Sales to
 distributor and EMS customers and industrial end market customers increased significantly, partially offset by decreased sales to automotive end market customers. The acquisition of Barry Industries in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 also
 contributed to the increase in net revenues. 

The gross profit margin increased versus the prior year. The increase is due to increased sales volume, increased average selling prices, manufacturing efficiencies,
 and cost reduction measures, partially offset by increased labor, materials, metals, and logistics costs.

Segment operating margin increased versus the prior year. The increase is primarily due to increased gross profit. 

Average selling prices increased versus the prior year.

We are increasing critical manufacturing capacities for certain product lines. We continue to broaden our
 business with targeted acquisitions of specialty resistors businesses. 

46 

Inductors 

Net revenues of the Inductors segment were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net revenues

331,086

335,638

293,629

Change versus comparable prior year period

(4,552

42,009

Percentage change versus comparable prior year period

(1.4

14.3

Changes in Inductors segment net revenues were attributable to the following:

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Change attributable to:

Change in volume

(0.8

15.4

Change in average selling prices

1.2

(1.3

Foreign currency effects

(1.8

0.6

Other

0.0

(0.4

Net change

(1.4

14.3

Gross profit margins and segment operating margins for the Inductors segment were
 as follows:

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Gross profit margin

31.5

32.0

31.5

Segment operating margin 

28.2 

29.0 

28.1 

Net revenues of the Inductors segment decreased slightly versus the prior year. The Asia and Europe regions contributed to the decrease, while the Americas region
 increased. Sales to distributor customers and automotive and industrial end markets decreased, partially offset by increases to EMS customers and military and aerospace end market customers.

The gross profit margin decreased versus the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to increased logistics, labor, and materials costs, manufacturing inefficiencies,
 lower sales volume, and negative foreign currency impacts, partially offset by increased average selling prices and cost reductions.

Segment operating margin decreased versus the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to decreased gross profit. 

Average selling prices increased slightly versus the prior year.

We expect long-term growth in this
 segment, and are continuously expanding manufacturing capacity for certain product lines and evaluating acquisition opportunities, particularly of specialty businesses. 

47 

Capacitors 

Net revenues of the Capacitors segment were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net revenues

509,645

472,167

361,542

Change versus comparable prior year period

37,478

110,625

Percentage change versus comparable prior year period

7.9

30.6

Changes in Capacitors segment net revenues were attributable to the following:

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Change attributable to:

Increase in volume

8.0

25.0

Increase in average selling prices

5.6

1.8

Foreign currency effects

(5.5

2.0

Other

(0.2

1.8

Net change

7.9

30.6

Gross profit margins and segment operating margins for the Capacitors segment were as follows:

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Gross profit margin

24.3

22.4

19.4

Segment operating margin 

20.6 

18.1 

14.0 

Net revenues of the Capacitors segment increased significantly versus the prior year. Sales to the Americas and Asia regions increased, while sales to the Europe region
 decreased slightly. The increase is primarily due to increased sales to EMS customers and the industrial end market, partially offset by decreased sales to the automotive end market.

The gross profit margin increased versus the prior year. The increase is due to increased sales volume, increased average selling prices, and positive impact of product
 mix, partially offset by increased materials, metals, and labor costs and manufacturing inefficiencies.

Segment operating margin increased versus the prior year. The increase is primarily due to increased gross profit. 

Average selling prices have increased versus the prior year. 

48 

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general, and administrative expenses are summarized as follows (dollars in
 thousands) :

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Total SG A expenses

443,503

420,111

371,450

as a percentage of sales

12.7

13.0

14.8

SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022
 increased versus the year ended December 31, 2021 due to cost inflation. SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022
 includes 0.5 million of incremental net costs separable from normal operations directly attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic.

49 

Other Income (Expense)

2022 Compared to 2021 

Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 0.4 million versus the year ended December
 31, 2021. 

The following table analyzes the components of the line Other on the consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

Change

Foreign exchange gain (loss)

5,690

(2,692

8,382

Interest income

7,560

1,269

6,291

Other components of net periodic pension expense

(11,090

(13,206

2,116

Investment income (loss) 

(6,812

(1,036

(5,776

Other

(200

11

(211

(4,852

(15,654

10,802

2021 Compared to 2020 

Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased by 14.0 million versus the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease is primarily due to the elimination
 of non-cash debt discount amortization upon the adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 effective January 1, 2021 and repurchases of convertible notes in the second and third fiscal quarters of 2020. 

The following table analyzes the components of the line Other on the consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): 

Years ended December 31,

2021

2020

Change

Foreign exchange gain (loss)

(2,692

(4,095

1,403

Interest income

1,269

3,709

(2,440

Other components of net periodic pension expense

(13,206

(13,613

407

Investment income (loss)

(1,036

2,271

(3,307

Other

11

(26

37

(15,654

(11,754

(3,900

50 

Income Taxes

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the effective tax
 rates were 27.5 , 31.2 ,

and 21.8 , respectively. With the reduction in the U.S. statutory rate to 21 beginning January 1, 2018, we expect that our effective
 tax rate will be higher than the U.S. statutory rate, excluding unusual transactions. Historically, the effective tax rates were generally less than the U.S. statutory rate of 35 primarily because of earnings in foreign jurisdictions. Discrete tax
 items impacted our effective tax rate for each period presented. These items were 20.0 million in 2022, 39.3 million in 2021, and 2.0 million in 2020.

The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was impacted by 5.9 million of tax benefits recognized for changes in uncertain tax positions following the resolution of a tax audit, 59.6 million of tax
 expense recognized upon the change in indefinite reversal assertion on earnings in Germany, and 33.7 million of tax benefits recognized upon the release of a valuation allowance. 

We made the determination during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that substantially all unremitted earnings in Germany are no longer indefinitely reinvested. We
 recorded additional tax expense during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 to accrue the 59.6 million of withholding taxes necessary to distribute these approximately 360.0 million of accumulated earnings to the United States. 

The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was impacted by 53.3 million of tax expense recognized upon a change in Israeli tax law that was enacted on
 November 15, 2021. We have historically benefited from tax incentive programs offered by the Israeli government, including the generation of income not subject to current income tax. Any tax-exempt earnings generated under these programs would
 incur an additional claw-back tax at approximately 11.1 if they were distributed or invested outside of Israel, in addition to normal withholding taxes on earnings distributed from Israel. Otherwise, taxes on such earnings were indefinitely
 deferred.

The change in Israeli tax law provided companies with an election to currently pay a reduced claw-back rate of as low as 6 upon meeting certain conditions, with the
 ability to distribute or invest those amounts outside of Israel at any time in the future. We elected to pay taxes on all previously untaxed earnings at the reduced 6 claw-back rate. As a direct result of this change in tax law, we made the
 determination during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 that substantially all unremitted foreign earnings in Israel are no longer permanently reinvested. We recorded the additional tax expense during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 to accrue the
 claw-back tax on applicable earnings and withholding taxes necessary to distribute these approximately 385.0 million of accumulated earnings to the United States. We repatriated
 81.2 million (net of taxes) to the United States in 2022 pursuant to this repatriation program. We paid withholding taxes, foreign taxes, and Israeli clawback taxes of 25.2 million due to the repatriation. 

The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was also impacted by a 5.7 million tax benefit recognized upon the release of a valuation allowance and 8.3
 million of tax benefits recognized due to changes in tax regulations.

We repatriated 104.1 million to the United States, and paid withholding and foreign taxes of 16.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2020, which completed the cash repatriation program that we initiated in 2017 in response to the TCJA enacted in the United States. We recorded tax
 benefits of 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020 due to adjustments to remeasure the deferred taxes related to our cash
 repatriation program, such as foreign currency effects, and to consider certain corporate reorganizational activities that impact repatriation.

The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020
 was also impacted by a 1.6 million tax benefit recognized upon the repurchase of convertible debentures reflecting the reduction in deferred tax liabilities related to the special tax attributes of the convertible debentures and 3.8 million of net
 tax expense recognized for changes in uncertain tax positions.

We operate in a global environment with significant operations in various locations outside the United States. Accordingly, the consolidated income tax rate is a
 composite rate reflecting our earnings and the applicable tax rates in the various locations where we operate. Part of our historical strategy has been to achieve cost savings through the transfer and expansion of manufacturing operations to
 countries where we can take advantage of lower labor costs and available tax and other government-sponsored incentives.

Additional information about income taxes is included in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements.

51 

Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources

Our financial condition as of December 31, 2022 continued to be strong. Cash and short-term investments
 exceed our long-term debt balances, and we have historically been a strong generator of operating cash flows. The cash generated from operations is used to fund our capital expenditure plans, and cash in excess of our capital expenditure needs is
 available to fund our acquisition strategy, to reduce debt levels, and to pay dividends and repurchase stock. We have generated cash flows from operations in excess of 200 million in each of the last 21 years, and cash flows from operations in
 excess of 100 million in each of the last 28 years. 

Management uses a non-GAAP measure, "free cash," to evaluate our ability to fund acquisitions, repay debt, and otherwise enhance stockholder value through stock
 repurchases or dividends. See "Overview" above for "free cash" definition and reconciliation to GAAP. Vishay has generated positive "free cash" in each of the past 26 years, and "free cash" in excess of 80 million in each of the last 21 years. In
 this volatile economic environment, we continue to focus on the generation of free cash, including an emphasis on cost controls.

Cash flows provided by operating activities were 484.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
 cash flows provided by operations of 457.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Cash paid for property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 325.3 million, as compared to 218.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. To be well positioned to service our customers and to fully participate in growing markets, we
 intend to increase our capital expenditures for expansion in the mid-term. We expect to invest approximately 385 million in 2023 and approximately 1.2 billion over the next three years primarily for capital expansion projects outside of China.

Free cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 was negatively impacted by working capital changes, higher than usual capital expenditures, and cash taxes paid for repatriation. We expect our business to continue to be a
 reliable generator of free cash. There is no assurance, however, that we will be able to continue to generate cash flows from operations and free cash at our historical levels, or at all, going forward if the economic environment worsens. The
 COVID-19 pandemic and the mitigation efforts by governments to control its spread have not had a significant impact on our financial condition, liquidity, or capital resources.

As a direct result of a change in Israeli tax law, we made the determination during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 that substantially all unremitted foreign earnings
 in Israel are no longer indefinitely reinvested. We recorded the additional tax expense during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 to accrue the claw-back tax on applicable earnings and withholding taxes necessary to distribute these approximately
 385.0 million of accumulated earnings to the United States. We repatriated 81.2 million (net of taxes) to the United States in 2022 pursuant to this repatriation
 program. 

We made the determination during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that substantially all unremitted earnings in Germany are no longer indefinitely
 reinvested. We recorded additional tax expense during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 to accrue the 59.6 million of withholding taxes necessary to distribute these approximately 360.0 million of accumulated earnings to the United States.

These changes in this indefinite reinvestment assertion provide greater access to our worldwide cash balances to fund our growth plan and our Stockholder
 Return Policy. While the change in assertion provides access to these balances, these amounts will be repatriated only as needed. The withholding taxes associated with any distribution to the United States is payable upon distribution.

On February 7, 2022, our Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Return Policy that will remain in effect until such time as the Board votes to amend or rescind the policy. See Stockholder Value above for additional
 information. 

The following table summarizes the components of net cash and short-term investments (debt) (in thousands) :

December 31,

 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

Credit Facility

42,000

-

Convertible senior notes, due 2025

465,344

465,344

Deferred financing costs

(6,407

(9,678

Total debt

500,937

455,666

Cash and cash equivalents

610,825

774,108

Short-term investments

305,272

146,743

Net cash and short-term investments (debt)

415,160

465,185

"Net cash and short-term investments (debt)" does not have a uniform definition and is not recognized in accordance with GAAP. This measure should not be viewed as an alternative to GAAP measures of performance or liquidity. However, management
 believes that an analysis of "net cash and short-term investments (debt)" assists investors in understanding aspects of our cash and debt management. The measure, as calculated by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other
 companies.

We invest a portion of our excess cash in highly liquid, high-quality instruments with maturities greater than 90 days, but less than 1 year, which we classify as
 short-term investments on our consolidated balance sheets. As these investments were funded using a portion of excess cash and represent a significant aspect of our cash management strategy, we include the investments in the calculation of net
 cash and short-term investments (debt).

52 

The interest rates on our short-term investments vary by location. Transactions related to these investments are classified as investing activities on our consolidated
 statements of cash flows.

As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our cash
 and cash equivalents and short-term investments were held in countries outside of the United States. Cash dividends to stockholders, share repurchases, and principal and interest payments on our debt instruments need to be paid by the U.S. parent
 company, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Our U.S. subsidiaries also have cash operating needs. The distribution of earnings from Israel and Germany to the United States will be used to fund our Stockholder Return Policy. We expect that cash on-hand
 and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our longer-term financing needs related to normal operating requirements, regular dividend payments, share repurchases pursuant to our Stockholder Return Policy, and our research and
 development and capital expenditure plans. Our substantially undrawn credit facility provides us with significant operating liquidity in the United States. 

Our revolving credit facility provides an aggregate commitment of 750 million of revolving loans available until June 5, 2024. The maximum amount available on the revolving credit facility is restricted by the financial
 covenants described below. The credit facility also provides us the ability to request up to 300 million of incremental facilities, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, which could take the form of additional revolving commitments,
 incremental term loan A or term loan B facilities, or incremental equivalent debt.

We had no amounts outstanding on our revolving credit facility at December 31, 2021 and 42 million outstanding at December 31, 2022. We borrowed 759 million and repaid 717 million on the revolving credit facility during the
 year ended December 31, 2022. The average outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility calculated at fiscal month-ends was
 48.9 million and the highest amount outstanding on our revolving credit facility at a fiscal month end was 124.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022.

The revolving credit facility limits or restricts us from, among other things, incurring indebtedness, incurring liens on its respective assets, making investments and acquisitions (assuming our pro forma leverage ratio is greater
 than 2.75 to 1.00), making asset sales, and paying cash dividends and making other restricted payments (assuming our pro forma leverage ratio is greater than 2.50 to 1.00), and requires us to comply with other covenants, including the maintenance
 of specific financial ratios.

The financial maintenance covenants include (a) an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.00 to 1; and (b) a leverage ratio of not more than 3.25 to 1 (and a pro forma ratio of 3.00 to 1 on the date of incurrence of additional
 debt). The computation of these ratios is prescribed in Article VI of the Credit Agreement between Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., which has been filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed
 June 5, 2019.

We were in compliance with all financial covenants under the credit facility at December 31, 2022. Our interest
 coverage ratio and leverage ratio were 32.78 to 1 and 0.65 to 1, respectively. We expect to continue to be in compliance with these covenants based on current projections. 

If we are not in compliance with all of the required financial covenants, the credit facility could be terminated by the lenders, and any amounts then outstanding pursuant to the credit facility could become immediately payable.
 Additionally, our convertible senior notes due 2025 have cross-default provisions that could accelerate repayment in the event the indebtedness under the credit facility is accelerated.

Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at LIBOR plus an interest margin. The applicable interest margin is based on our leverage ratio. We also pay a commitment fee, also based on our leverage ratio, on undrawn
 amounts. Based on our current leverage ratio, any new borrowings will bear interest at LIBOR plus 1.50 , and the undrawn commitment fee is 0.25 per annum. 

The borrowings under the credit facility are secured by a lien on substantially all assets, including accounts receivable, inventory, machinery and equipment, and general intangibles (but excluding real estate, intellectual
 property registered or licensed solely for use in, or arising solely under the laws of, any country other than the United States, assets located solely outside of the United States and deposit and securities accounts), of Vishay and certain
 significant subsidiaries located in the United States, and pledges of stock in certain significant domestic and foreign subsidiaries; and are guaranteed by certain significant subsidiaries.

We expect, at least initially, to fund certain future obligations required to be paid by the U.S. parent company by borrowing under our revolving credit facility. We also expect to continue to use the credit facility from
 time-to-time to meet certain short-term financing needs. Additional acquisition activity, convertible debt repurchases, or conversion of our convertible debt instruments may require additional borrowing under our credit facility or may otherwise
 require us to incur additional debt. No principal payments on our debt are due before June 2024 when our revolving credit facility expires. 

The convertible senior notes due 2025 are not currently convertible. Pursuant to the indenture governing the convertible senior notes due 2025 and the amendments thereto incorporated in the Supplemental Indenture dated December
 23, 2020, we will cash-settle the principal amount of 1,000 per note and settle any additional amounts in shares of our common stock. We intend to finance the principal amount of any converted notes using borrowings under our credit facility. No
 conversions have occurred to date. 

53 

In evaluating our liquidity and capital resources, we consider our outstanding commitments. As of
 December 31, 2022 our commitments were as follows (in

thousands) :

Payments due by period

Total

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Long-term debt

507,344

-

42,000

465,344

-

-

-

Interest payments on long-term debt

31,773

14,688

12,286

4,799

-

-

-

Operating leases

171,147

25,067

22,891

19,687

16,989

15,766

70,747

Letters of credit

939

-

939

-

-

-

-

Expected pension and postretirement plan funding

195,885

25,269

18,701

19,792

26,285

19,986

85,852

Estimated costs to complete construction in progress

162,000

157,300

4,700

-

-

-

-

Estimated costs to complete MOSFETs wafer fab 

329,500 

38,400 

175,700 

115,400 

- 

- 

- 

TCJA transition tax

110,680

27,670

36,893

46,117

-

-

-

Uncertain tax positions

19,525

1,542

-

-

-

-

17,983

Purchase commitments

63,360 

48,073 

15,287 

-

-

-

-

Other long-term liabilities

74,547

-

-

-

-

-

74,547

Total contractual cash obligations

1,666,700 

338,009 

329,397 

671,139 

43,274

35,752

249,129

Commitments for long-term debt are based on the amount required to settle the obligation. Accordingly, the capitalized deferred financing costs associated with our
 convertible notes are excluded from the calculation of long-term debt commitments in the table above.

Commitments for interest payments on long-term debt are cash commitments based on the stated maturity dates of each agreement and include fees under our revolving credit
 facility, which expires on June 4, 2024. Commitments for interest payments on long-term debt exclude non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of deferred financing costs.

Various factors could have a material effect on the amount of future principal and interest payments. Principal and interest commitments associated with our convertible
 notes are based on the amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, interest commitments for our revolving credit
 facility are based on the rate prevailing at December 31, 2022, but actual rates are variable and are certain to change over time.

The TCJA imposed a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign earnings, payable in defined increments over eight years. As a result of this requirement, we expect to
 pay 184.5 million, net of estimated applicable foreign tax credits, and after utilization of net operating loss and R D and FTC Credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, 73.8 million has been paid.

Estimated costs to complete the MOSFETs wafer fab include amounts that we are not contractually required to complete.

Our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022
 includes liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions in multiple taxing jurisdictions where we conduct business. Due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, combined with the difficulty in predicting when tax audits
 throughout the world may be concluded, we cannot make reliable estimates of the timing of the remaining cash outflows relating to these liabilities. Accordingly, we have classified the amount recorded as a current liability as payable within one
 year, and the remaining uncertain tax positions are classified as payments due thereafter, although actual timing of payments may be sooner.

Expected pension and postretirement plan funding is based on a projected schedule of benefit payments under the plans.

We maintain long-term foundry arrangements with subcontractors to ensure access to external front-end capacity for our semiconductor products. The purchase commitments
 in the table above represent the estimated minimum commitments for silicon wafers under these arrangements. Our actual purchases in future periods are expected to be greater than these minimum commitments.

Other long-term liabilities in the table above include obligations that are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. We include the current portion of the long-term liabilities in the table above. Other long-term liabilities for which we are unable to reasonably
 estimate the timing of the settlement are classified as payments due thereafter in the table above, although actual timing of payments may be sooner.

For a further discussion of our long-term debt, pensions and other postretirement benefits, leases, uncertain tax positions, and purchase commitments, see Notes 4, 5, 6,
 11, and 13 to our consolidated financial statements.

54 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market Risk Disclosure

We are exposed to certain financial risks, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. We

manage our exposure to these market risks through internally established policies and procedures and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. Our policies do not allow speculation in derivative instruments for
 profit or execution of derivative instrument contracts for which there are no underlying exposures. We do not use financial instruments for trading purposes and we are not a party to any leveraged derivatives. We monitor our underlying market risk
 exposures on an ongoing basis and believe that we can modify or adapt our hedging strategies as needed.

Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of our borrowing activities and our cash balances. On a selective basis, we have in the past entered into
 interest rate swap or cap agreements to reduce the potential negative impact that increases in interest rates could have on our outstanding variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we did not have any outstanding interest rate swap or cap agreements.

The interest paid on our credit facility is based on a LIBOR spread. At December 31, 2022, we had no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility. Future borrowings under the revolving credit commitment will bear interest at LIBOR plus 1.50 .

Our convertible debt instruments bear interest at a fixed rate, and accordingly are not subject to interest rate fluctuation risks.

At December 31, 2022, we had 610.8 million of cash and cash equivalents and 305.3
 million of short-term investments, which earn interest at various variable rates.

Based on the debt and cash positions at December 31, 2022,
 we would expect a 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates to increase or decrease our annualized net earnings by approximately 3.3 million.

See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our long-term debt.

Foreign Exchange Risk

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks, particularly due to market values of transactions in currencies other than the functional currencies of certain
 subsidiaries. We have used forward exchange contracts to economically hedge a portion of these exposures in the past. We had no outstanding forward contracts as of December 31, 2022. We do not utilize derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. 

Our significant foreign subsidiaries are located in Germany, Israel, and Asia. We finance our operations in Europe and certain locations in Asia in local currencies. Our
 operations in Israel and most significant locations in Asia are largely financed in U.S. dollars, but these subsidiaries also have significant transactions in local currencies. Our exposure to foreign currency risk is mitigated to the extent that the
 costs incurred and the revenues earned in a particular currency offset one another. Our exposure to foreign currency risk is more pronounced in Israel, the Czech Republic, and China because the percentage of expenses denominated in Israeli shekels,
 Czech koruna, and Chinese renminbi to total expenses is much greater than the percentage of sales denominated in Israeli shekels, Czech koruna, and Chinese renminbi to total sales. Therefore, if the Israeli shekel, Czech koruna, and Chinese renminbi
 strengthen against all or most of our other major currencies, our operating profit is reduced. Where possible, we maintain local currency denominated cash balances in these countries approximately equal to the local currency liabilities to naturally
 hedge our exposures. We also have a slightly higher percentage of euro-denominated sales than expenses. Therefore, when the euro strengthens against all or most of our other major currencies, our operating profit is slightly increased. 
 Accordingly, we monitor several important cross-rates.

55 

We have performed sensitivity analyses of our consolidated foreign exchange risk as of December 31, 2022, using a model that measures the change in the values arising from a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar, with
 all other variables held constant. The foreign currency exchange rates we used were based on market rates in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates would impact our net earnings by approximately 10.0 million at December 31, 2022, although individual line items in our consolidated statement of operations would be materially affected. For example, a 10 weakening in all foreign currencies would
 decrease the U.S. dollar equivalent of operating income generated in foreign currencies, which would be offset by foreign exchange gains of our foreign subsidiaries that have significant transactions in U.S. dollars or have the U.S. dollar as their
 functional currency.

A change in the mix of the currencies in which we transact our business could have a material effect on the estimated impact of the hypothetical 10 movement in the
 value of the U.S. dollar. Furthermore, the timing of cash receipts and disbursements could result in materially different actual results versus the hypothetical 10 movement in the value of the U.S. dollar, particularly if there are significant
 changes in exchange rates in a short period of time.

Commodity Price Risk

Although most materials incorporated in our products are available from a number of sources, certain materials are available only from a relatively limited number of
 suppliers or are subject to significant price volatility. Our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected if we have difficulty obtaining these raw materials, the quality of available raw materials deteriorates, or there are
 significant price changes for these raw materials. The determination that any of the raw materials used in our products are conflict minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries could increase the probability
 that we will encounter the challenges noted above, incur additional expenses to comply with government regulations, and face public scrutiny. For periods in which the prices of these raw materials are rising, we may be unable to pass on the increased
 cost to our customers which would result in decreased margins for the products in which they are used. For periods in which the prices are declining, we may be required to write down our inventory carrying cost of these raw materials, since we record
 our inventory at the lower of cost or market. Depending on the extent of the difference between market price and our carrying cost, this write-down could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings. We also may need to record losses for
 adverse purchase commitments for these materials in periods of declining prices.

Silicon wafers are the most important raw material for the manufacturing of our semiconductor products. Silicon wafers are manufactured from high-purity silicon, a
 metalloid. There have at times been industry-wide shortages of high-purity silicon resulting primarily from growing demand of the electronic component and solar power industries, and limited growth in high-purity silicon manufacturing capacities.
 Shifts in demand for high-purity silicon and in turn, silicon wafers, have resulted in significant fluctuation in prices of silicon wafers.

We are a major consumer of the world s annual production of tantalum, a metal used in the manufacturing of tantalum capacitors. There are few suppliers that process
 tantalum ore into capacitor grade tantalum powder.

Palladium, a metal used to produce multi-layer ceramic capacitors, is currently found primarily in South Africa and Russia. Palladium is a commodity metal that is
 subject to price volatility. Certain other metals used in the manufacture of our products, such as copper, are traded on active markets, and can also be subject to significant price volatility. We periodically enter into short-term commitments to
 purchase palladium and defined portions of annual consumption of other metals if market prices decline below budget. In certain circumstances, we also purchase precious metals bullion in excess of our immediate manufacturing needs to mitigate the
 risk of supply shortages or volatile price fluctuations.

We estimate that a 10 increase or decrease in the costs of raw materials subject to commodity price risk would decrease or increase our net earnings by 9.6 million,
 assuming that such changes in our costs have no impact on the selling prices of our products and that we have no pending commitments to purchase metals at fixed prices.

56 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required by this Item are filed herewith, commencing on page F-1 of this report.

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None.

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer
 CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that
 evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the
 Exchange Act is: (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely
 decisions regarding required disclosure.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Certifications

The certifications of our CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 We have also filed with the New York Stock Exchange the most recent Annual Certification as required by Section 303A.12(a) of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the 2013 framework set forth in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

Ernst Young LLP has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Their report is set forth below.

57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO
 criteria). In our opinion, Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the
 Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
 control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating
 the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of
 records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect material misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

February 22, 2023

58 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None.

PART III 

Item10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

We have a code of ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer or Controller, and financial managers. The text
 of this code has been posted on our website. To view the code, go to our website at ir.vishay.com and click on Corporate Governance. You can obtain a printed copy of this code, free of charge, by contacting us at the following address:

Corporate Investor Relations

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

63 Lancaster Avenue

Malvern, PA 19355-2143

It is our intention to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or any waiver from, a provision of this code by posting
 such information on our website, at the aforementioned address and location.

Certain information required under this Item with respect to our Executive Officers is set forth in Part I hereof under the caption Executive
 Officers of the Registrant. 

Other information required under this Item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022, our most recent fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information required under this Item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022, our most recent fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information required under this Item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022, our most recent fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information required under this Item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022, our most recent fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Information required under this Item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022, our most recent fiscal year end, and is incorporated herein by reference.

59 

P ART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS,

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Documents Filed as Part of Form 10-K 

1. 

Financial Statements 

The Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 are filed herewith. See Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this report.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material, or the required information is shown in the
 consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

3. 

Exhibits 

3.1 

Corrected
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. dated June 5, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed June 5, 2012. 

3.2 

Amended and
 Restated Bylaws dated June 1, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed June 2, 2011. 

3.3 

First Amendment to Amended and
 Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 11, 2015. 

3.4 

Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2023. 

4.1 

Indenture,
 dated as of June 12, 2018, by and between Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed June 13, 2018. 

4.2 

Form of
 Global Note, representing Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.'s 2.25 Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.5). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our current report on Form 8-K,
 filed on June 13, 2018. 

4.3 

Description
 of Capital Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2022. 

4.4 

First
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 23, 2020, by and between Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed January 5, 2021. 

10.1 

Amended
 and restated Vishay Intertechnology 162(m) Cash Bonus Plan. Incorporated by reference to Annex A to our Proxy Statement, dated March 31, 2017, for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

10.2 

Amended
 and Restated Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Program. Incorporated by reference to Annex A to our definitive proxy statement, dated April 4, 2014, for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

10.3 

Amended and Restated Vishay Intertechnology,
 Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Program (Including Restated Annex A Israel). 

10.4 

Employment
 agreement, dated January 1, 2004, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Dr. Gerald Paul. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
 fiscal quarter ended October 2, 2004. 

10.5 

Amendment to
 Employment Agreement, dated August 8, 2010, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Dr. Gerald Paul. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 for the fiscal quarter ended July 3, 2010. 

10.6 

Amendment to
 Employment Agreement, dated August 28, 2011, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Dr. Gerald Paul. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form
 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2011. 

10.7 

Amendment to
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Electronic GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), and
 Dr. Gerald Paul. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 3, 2021. 

10.8 

Employment
 Agreement, dated January 1, 2004, between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Marc Zandman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
 quarter ended October 2, 2004. 

10.9 

Amendment to
 Employment Agreement, dated August 8, 2010, between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Marc Zandman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
 fiscal quarter ended July 3, 2010. 

10.10 

Amendment to
 Employment Agreement, dated August 30, 2011, between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Marc Zandman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
 fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2011. 

10.11 

Amendment to
 Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Marc Zandman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
 fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021. 

60 

10.12 

Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated July 14, 2022,
 between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Marc Zandman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed July 18, 2022. 

10.13 

 Employment
 Agreement, dated February 15, 2018, between Vishay Americas, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Joel Smejkal. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our current report on
 Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2018. 

10.14 

 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Vishay Dale Electronics, LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay
 Intertechnology, Inc., and Joel Smejkal dated May 20, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 4, 2020. 

10.15 

 Second Amendment
 to Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, between Vishay Dale Electronics, LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Joel Smejkal. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
 our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021. 

10.16 

 Amended and
 Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 14, 2022, between Vishay Dale Electronics LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Joel Smejkal. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
 our current report on Form 8-K, filed July 18, 2022. 

10.17 

Employment
 Agreement, dated February 15, 2018, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Lori Lipcaman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current
 report on Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2018. 

10.18 

First
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 28, 2020, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Lori Lipcaman. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed February 28, 2020. 

10.19 

Second
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Lori Lipcaman. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021. 

10.20 

Third Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated July 14,
 2022, between Vishay Europe GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Lori Lipcaman. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed
 July 18, 2022. 

10.21 

Terms and
 Conditions of Johan Vandoorn Employment Agreement, dated January 16, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to our 2011 annual report on Form 10-K. 

10.22 

Amendment to
 Terms and Conditions of Johan Vandoorn Employment Agreement, dated March 4, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2014. 

10.23 

Second
 Amendment to Terms and Conditions of Johan Vandoorn Employment Agreement, dated March 3, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 4, 2015. 

10.24 

Third
 Amendment to Terms and Conditions of Johan Vandoorn Employment Agreement, dated February 15, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2018. 

10.25 

Fourth
 Amendment to the Terms and Conditions of Johan Vandoorn Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021. 

10.26 

Transition Agreement, dated July 15, 2022, between
 Vishay Capacitors Belgium NV (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) and Johan Vandoorn. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1,
 2022. 

10.27 

Employment
 Agreement, dated February 15, 2018, between Vishay Americas, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and David Valletta. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our current
 report on Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2018. 

10.28 

First
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, between Vishay Americas, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.) Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and David Valletta. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.4 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021. 

10.29 

Transition Agreement, dated July 15, 2022, between
 Vishay Americas, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and David Valletta. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
 ended October 1, 2022. 

10.30 

Employment
 Agreement, dated February 15, 2018, between Vishay Singapore Pte. Ltd. (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Clarence Tse. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our
 current report on Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2018. 

10.31 

First
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, between Vishay Singapore Pte. Ltd. (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Clarence Tse. Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021 .

10.32 

Transition Agreement, dated July 15, 2022, between
 Vishay Singapore Pte. Ltd. (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Clarence Tse. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
 fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2022. 

10.33 

Employment
 Agreement between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Jeffrey Webster dated May 20, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our quarterly report on
 Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 4, 2020. 

10.34 

First
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Jeffrey Webster. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.7 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021. 

61 

10.35 

 Amended and
 Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 14, 2022, between Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Jeff Webster. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our
 current report on Form 8-K, filed July 18, 2022. 

10.36 

Employment Agreement, dated July 14, 2022, between
 Siliconix incorporated (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and Roy Shoshani. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed July 18, 2022. 

10.37 

Employment
 Agreement between Vishay Electronic GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Andreas Randebrock dated May 20, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our
 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 4, 2020. 

10.38 

First
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 23, 2021, between Vishay Electronic GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Andreas Randebrock. Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021. 

10.39 

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated July
 14, 2022, between Vishay Electronic GmbH (an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.), Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and Andreas Randebrock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our current report on Form
 8-K, filed July 18, 2022. 

10.40 

Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated
 July 14, 2022, between Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and Peter Henrici. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed July 18, 2022. 

10.41 

Vishay
 Intertechnology, Inc. Key Employee Wealth Accumulation Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2017). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed December 23, 2016. 

10.42 

Master
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated June 22, 2010, by and among Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2010. 

10.43 

Employee
 Matters Agreement, dated June 22, 2010, by and among Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and Vishay Precision Group, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2010. 

10.44 

Tax Matters
 Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay Precision Group, Inc. and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.45 

Trademark
 License Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay Precision Group, Inc. and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.46 

Supply
 Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay Advanced Technology, Ltd. And Vishay Dale Electronics, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.47 

Patent
 License Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay Precision Group, Inc. and Vishay Dale Electronics, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.48 

Supply
 Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay Dale Electronics, Inc. and Vishay Advanced Technology, Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.49 

Supply
 Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay Measurements Group, Inc. and Vishay S.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.50 

Manufacturing

Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay S.A. and Vishay Precision Foil GmbH. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.51 

Intellectual

Property License Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay S.A. and Vishay Precision Foil GmbH. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.52 

Supply
 Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay Precision Foil GmbH and Vishay S.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.53 

Intellectual

Property License Agreement, dated July 6, 2010, between Vishay S.A. and Vishay Measurements Group, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Vishay Precision Group, Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed July 7, 2010. 

10.54 

Credit
 Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2019, among Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders and other parties thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on
 Form 8-K filed June 5, 2019. 

10.55 

Amendment
 No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, among Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders and other parties thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2019. 

10.56 

Vishay
 Intertechnology, Inc. Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K. 

10.57 

Vishay
 Intertechnology, Inc. Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K. 

10.58 

Vishay
 Intertechnology, Inc. Form of Executive Officer Phantom Stock Unit Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K. 

10.59 

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation
 Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K. 

10.60 

Form

of Future Deferred Remuneration Arrangement of Vishay Israel Ltd. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed December 28, 2021. 

62 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm. 

31.1 

Certification pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) or
 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 

Certification pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) or
 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Financial Officer. 

101 

Interactive Data File (Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2022, furnished in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language)).

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language and contained in Exhibit 101)

__________________

Confidential treatment has been requested by, and accorded to, VPG with respect to certain portions of this Exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately by VPG
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Filed herewith.

Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement.

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable.

63 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

By:

/s/ Joel Smejkal 

Joel Smejkal 

President and Chief Executive Officer

February 22, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
 capacities and on the dates indicated below.

Signature 

Title 

Date 

Principal Executive Officer:

/s/ Joel Smejkal 

President, Chief Executive Officer,

February 22, 2023

Joel Smejkal 

and Director

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer:

/s/ Lori Lipcaman 

Executive Vice President and Chief

February 22, 2023

Lori Lipcaman

Financial Officer

Board of Directors:

/s/ Marc Zandman 

Executive Chairman of

February 22, 2023

Marc Zandman

the Board of Directors

/s/ Renee B. Booth 

Director

February 22, 2023

Dr. Renee B. Booth

/s/ Michael J. Cody 

Director

February 22, 2023

Michael J. Cody

/s/ Michiko Kurahashi 

Director

February 22, 2023

Dr. Michiko Kurahashi

/s/ Abraham Ludomirski 

Director

February 22, 2023

Dr. Abraham Ludomirski

/s/ Ziv Shoshani 

Director

February 22, 2023

Ziv Shoshani

/s/ Timothy V. Talbert 

Director

February 22, 2023

Timothy V. Talbert

/s/ Jeffrey H. Vanneste 

Director

February 22, 2023

Jeffrey H. Vanneste

/s/ Ruta Zandman 

Director

February 22, 2023

Ruta Zandman

/s/ Raanan Zilberman 

Director

February 22, 2023

Raanan Zilberman

64 

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42 

F-2 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

F-9 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-10 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
 related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
 each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated
 February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
 statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
 the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The
 communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the
 critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.

F-2 

Sales Returns and Allowances Accruals

Description of the Matter

At December 31, 2022, the Company s liability for sales returns and allowances was 47 million. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated
 financial statements, the Company recognizes the estimated variable consideration to be received as revenue from contracts with customers and recognizes a related accrued liability for estimated future credits that will be issued to its
 customers, primarily distributors, for product returns, scrap allowance, stock, ship and debit , and price protection programs with those customers.

Auditing management s sales returns and allowances accruals specifically related to the scrap allowance and stock, ship and debit programs involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the significant judgment required in evaluating
 management s estimates of future credits that will be issued to customers for sales that were recognized during the period. In particular, the estimates were sensitive to significant assumptions such as the amount of future credits that are
 expected to be provided to the customers. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s sales returns and
 allowances review process for the scrap allowance and stock, ship and debit programs. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above.

To test the estimated sales returns and allowances accruals for the scrap allowance and stock, ship and debit programs, we
 performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. We
 inspected contracts with customers in evaluating whether the assumptions used by management agreed with the terms and conditions of the contracts. In addition, we compared the significant assumptions used by management to actual historical
 credit experience. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the accruals that would result from changes in the significant
 assumptions.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1968.

February 22, 2023

F-3 

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In thousands, except share amounts)

December 31,

 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Short-term investments

Accounts receivable, net of allowances for credit losses of and , respectively

Inventories:

Finished goods

Work in process

Raw materials

Total inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, at cost:

Land

Buildings and improvements

Machinery and equipment

Construction in progress

Allowance for depreciation

Property and equipment, net

Right of use assets

Deferred income taxes

Goodwill

Other intangible assets, net

Other assets

Total assets

Continues on following page.

F-4 

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued)

(In thousands, except share amounts)

December 31,

 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

Liabilities and equity

Current liabilities:

Trade accounts payable

Payroll and related expenses

Lease liabilities

Other accrued expenses

Income taxes

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt, less current portion

U.S. transition tax payable

Deferred income taxes

Long-term lease liabilities

Other liabilities

Accrued pension and other postretirement costs

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders' equity:

Preferred stock, par value 
 per share: authorized - shares; issued

Common stock, par value 
 per share: authorized - shares; and shares outstanding

Class B convertible common stock, par value per share: authorized - shares; shares outstanding

Capital in excess of par value

Retained earnings

Treasury stock (at cost): 
 and common shares 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Total Vishay stockholders' equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total equity

Total liabilities and equity

See accompanying notes.

F-5 

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Years ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net revenues

Costs of products sold

Gross profit

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

Restructuring and severance costs

Operating income

Other income (expense):

Interest expense

Other

Loss on early extinguishment of debt

Total other income (expense)

Income before taxes

Income tax expense

Net earnings

Less: net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net earnings attributable to Vishay stockholders

Basic earnings per share attributable to Vishay stockholders:

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Vishay stockholders:

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted

Cash dividends per share

See accompanying notes.

F-6 

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(In thousands)

Years ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net earnings

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Pension and other post-retirement actuarial items

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Comprehensive income

Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Comprehensive income attributable to Vishay stockholders

See accompanying notes.

F-7 

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(In thousands)

Years ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities

Net earnings

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment

Accretion of interest on convertible debt instruments

Inventory write-offs for obsolescence

Pensions and other postretirement benefits, net of contributions

Loss on early extinguishment of debt

Deferred income taxes

Other operating activities 

Change in U.S. transition tax liability

Change in repatriation tax liability

Net change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of businesses acquired

Net cash provided by operating activities

Investing activities

Capital expenditures

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment

Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired

Purchase of short-term investments

Maturity of short-term investments

Other investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities

Financing activities

Net proceeds on revolving credit facility 

Repurchase of convertible debt instruments

Dividends paid to common stockholders

Dividends paid to Class B common stockholders

Net changes in short-term borrowings

Repurchase of common stock held in treasury 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

Cash withholding taxes paid when shares withheld for vested equity awards

Net cash used in financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

See accompanying notes

F-8 

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

(In thousands, except share amounts)

Common

 Stock

Class B

 Convertible

 Common

 Stock

Capital in

 Excess of Par

 Value

Retained

 Earnings

 (Accumulated

 Deficit)

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

 Income (Loss)

Total Vishay

 Stockholders'

 Equity

Noncontrolling

 Interests

Total Equity

Balance at December 31, 2019

Cumulative effect of accounting change for adoption of ASU 2016-13

Net earnings

Other comprehensive income 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

Conversion of Class B shares 
 shares)

Temporary equity reclassifications

Issuance of stock and related tax withholdings for vested restricted stock units shares)

Dividends declared 
 per share)

Stock compensation expense

Repurchase of convertible debt instruments 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Cumulative effect of accounting change for adoption of ASU 2020-06

Net earnings

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

Issuance of stock and related tax withholdings for vested restricted stock units shares)

Dividends declared 
 per share)

Stock compensation expense

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net earnings

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests

Issuance of stock and related tax withholdings for vested restricted stock units shares)

Dividends declared 
 per share)

Stock compensation expense

Repurchase of common stock held in treasury shares) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes.

F-9 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

percent, the outside stockholders interests are shown as
 noncontrolling interest in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Investments in affiliates over which the Company has significant influence but not a controlling interest are carried on the equity basis. Investments in affiliates over which
 the Company does not have significant influence are accounted for by the cost method. All intercompany transactions, accounts, and profits are eliminated.

. 

Substantially all of the Company's receivables historically have been and are expected to continue to be collected within of
 the transfer of products to the customer and the Company expects this to continue going forward. Accordingly, the Company does not recognize a financing component of the transaction price.

performance
 obligations: delivery of products and warranty protection. The Company does not sell separate, enhanced, or extended warranty coverage, but through its customary business practices, the Company has created implied service-type warranties, which are
 accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is allocated between these two performance obligations and recognized as the obligations are satisfied. The allocation of revenue to warranty protection is based on an estimate of expected
 cost plus margin. The delivery of products performance obligation is satisfied and product sales revenue is recognized when the customer takes control of the products. Warranty revenue is deferred and the warranty protection performance obligation
 is satisfied and revenue is recognized over the warranty period, which is typically less than from sale to end
 customer. The warranty deferred revenue liability is recorded within Other Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The deferred revenue balance associated with the service-type warranty performance
 obligations and the components that comprise the change in the deferred revenue balance are not significant.

F-10 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

, ,
 and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company spends additional amounts for the development of machinery and equipment for new processes and for cost reduction measures.

F-11 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

or less when purchased. Highly liquid investments with original maturities greater than three months, but less than one year are classified as short-term
 investments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 the Company s short-term investments were comprised of time deposits with financial institutions whose original maturity exceeds three months, but less than one year.

, , and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 , respectively. 

to . Buildings and building improvements are being depreciated over useful lives of to . Construction in progress is not depreciated until the assets are placed in service. The estimated cost to complete construction in progress at December 31, 2022 was approximately . Included in the estimated cost to complete the Itzehoe, Germany 12-inch wafer fab construction project are costs for which there are currently
 no contractual commitments to complete . Depreciation expense was , ,
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021, and 2020 ,
 respectively. Gains and losses on the disposal of assets which do not qualify for presentation as discontinued operations are included in the determination of operating margin (within selling, general, and administrative expenses). Individually
 material gains and losses on disposal are separately disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-12 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

recorded indefinite-lived intangible assets.

to . 
 Capitalized software is amortized over periods of to , primarily included in costs of products sold on the consolidated statements of operations. Customer relationships are amortized over useful lives of to . Noncompete
 agreements are amortized over periods of to . The Company continually evaluates the reasonableness of the useful lives of these assets.

F-13 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

amounts accrued for outstanding claims at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

and 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively, representing required statutory reserves of the captive insurance entity.

F-14 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

in the
 year ended December 31, 2021 due to a restructuring program announced in 2019. The program was substantially completed as of December 31, 2021. 

F-15 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

, the Company acquired all of the
 outstanding equity interests of , ("MaxPower"), a San Jose, California-based fabless power semiconductor
 provider dedicated to delivering innovative and cost-effective technologies that optimize power management solutions. The acquisition of MaxPower will enhance Vishay's current and future silicon carbide ("SiC") offerings for fast-growing markets
 such as electric vehicles.

, net of
 cash acquired, at closing. Related to the transaction, the Company may also be required to make certain contingent payments of up to ,
 which would be payable upon the achievement of certain technology milestones, upon favorable resolution of certain technology licensing matters with a third party, and upon the disposition of MaxPower's investment in an equity affiliate. The
 purchase price for U.S. GAAP purposes includes the fair value, as of the acquisition date, of certain future contingent payments to non-employee equity holders of MaxPower. The estimated fair value of this contingent consideration as of the
 acquisition date was . The contingent consideration liability is included in other accrued expenses and other liabilities in the
 accompanying balance sheet and is remeasured each reporting period, with changes reported as selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. See Note 18 for further discussion on the fair value
 measurement. 

of the purchase price to definite-lived intangible assets. After allocating the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 based on a preliminary estimation of their fair values at the date of acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of related to
 this acquisition. The results and operation of this acquisition have been included in the MOSFETs segment since October 28, 2022. 
 The goodwill related to this acquisition will be included in the MOSFETs reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing. The purchase price allocation for this acquisition is considered preliminary as the Company is awaiting further information
 about the contingent payments, the finalization of an independent appraisal, and the finalization of a net working capital adjustment. 

, the Company acquired substantially
 all of the U.S. assets of , a Massachusetts-based, privately-held manufacturer of resistive components for . Based on an estimate of their fair values, the Company allocated of the purchase price to definite-lived intangible assets. After allocating the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on an estimation of their fair values at the date of
 acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of related to this acquisition. The results and operations of this acquisition have been
 included in the Resistors segment since December 31, 2021. The goodwill related to this acquisition is included in the Resistors reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing. 

, the Company acquired the worldwide
 business and substantially all of the U.S. assets of , a California-based, privately-held manufacturer of
 custom, build-to-print thin film substrates for the microwave, fiber optic, and life science industries. Concurrently, a Chinese subsidiary of Applied Thin-Film Products entered into an agreement to sell certain inventory and equipment to a
 subsidiary of Vishay, which was completed on June 30, 2021. The total acquisition price was . Based on an estimate of their fair
 values, the Company allocated of the purchase price to definite-lived intangible assets. After allocating the purchase price to
 the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on an estimation of their fair values at the date of acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of 
 related to this acquisition. The results and operations of this acquisition have been included in the Resistors segment since October 1, 2020. The goodwill related to this acquisition is included in the Resistors reporting unit for goodwill
 impairment testing.

F-16 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Barry Industries acquisition

Exchange rate effects

Balance at December 31, 2021

MaxPower acquisition

Exchange rate effect

Balance at December 31, 2022

Capitalized software

Customer relationships

Tradenames

Other

Accumulated amortization:

Patents and acquired technology

Capitalized software

Customer relationships

Tradenames

Other

Net intangible assets subject to amortization

,
 , and , for the
 years ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
 and 2020, respectively.

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

F-17 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Machinery and equipment

Total

Current lease liabilities

Operating Leases

Buildings and improvements

Machinery and equipment

Total

Long-term lease liabilities

Operating Leases

Buildings and improvements

Machinery and equipment

Total

Total lease liabilities

Short-term lease expense

Variable lease expense

Total lease expense

, , and for its operating
 leases during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which are included in operating cash flows on
 the consolidated statements of cash flows. The weighted-average remaining lease term for the Company's operating leases is years and
 the weighted-average discount rate is as of December 31, 2022.

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

F-18 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 to accrue the claw-back tax on applicable earnings and withholding taxes necessary to distribute these approximately of accumulated earnings to the United States. The Company repatriated to the United States in 2022 pursuant to this repatriation program. The Company paid withholding taxes, foreign taxes, and Israeli clawback taxes of due to the repatriation. 

were paid in each of 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019,
 and 2018.

2024

2025

as a result of changes in tax regulations, by making an election regarding Global Intangible
 Low-Taxed Income GILTI ). The Company has elected to account for GILTI tax in the period in which it is incurred and, therefore, does not provide any deferred taxes in the consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020.

to the United States in
 2020 pursuant to the repatriation program initiated in response to the enactment of the TCJA. Tax expense for the repatriation transaction was substantially recorded in 2017 upon enactment of the TCJA.

of
 withholding taxes necessary to distribute these approximately of accumulated earnings to the United States.

F-19 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 5 Income Taxes (continued) 

Foreign

State and local

Foreign

Deferred:

Federal

State and local

Foreign

Total income tax expense

F-20 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 5 Income Taxes (continued) 

Inventories

Net operating loss carryforwards

Tax credit carryforwards

Other accruals and reserves

Total gross deferred tax assets

Less valuation allowance

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property and equipment

Tax deductible goodwill

Earnings not indefinitely reinvested

Other - net

Total gross deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

State income taxes, net of U.S. federal tax benefit

Effect of foreign operations

Tax on earnings not indefinitely reinvested

Unrecognized tax benefits

Change in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets

Foreign income taxable in the U.S.

Foreign tax credit

U.S. Base Erosion Anti-Abuse Tax

Change in U.S. tax regulations

Other

Total income tax expense

F-21 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 5 Income Taxes (continued) 

, , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

due to the Company's change in its assertion that earnings of its subsidiaries in Germany are indefinitely reinvested, tax benefits of for changes in uncertain tax positions following the resolution of a tax audit and a tax benefit recognized upon the release of a valuation allowance.

of tax expense recognized to accrue the claw-back and withholding taxes to repatriate unremitted foreign earnings from Israel, a tax benefit recognized upon the release of a valuation allowance and 
 of tax benefits recognized due to changes in tax regulations.

resulting from the early extinguishment of convertible senior debentures, reflecting the reduction in deferred tax liabilities related to the special tax attributes of the debentures
 and (tax benefit) of adjustments to remeasure deferred taxes related to the cash repatriation program described above, and of tax expense for changes in uncertain tax positions.

No expiration

Belgium

No expiration

Israel

No expiration

Japan

2025 - 2030

Netherlands

No expiration

The Republic of China (Taiwan)

2026 - 2028

California

2028 - 2041

Pennsylvania

2023 - 2042

2028 - 2030

California Research Credit

No expiration

F-22 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 5 Income Taxes (continued) 

, , and for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Net income taxes paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 include 
 and , respectively, for repatriation activity. Net income taxes paid also includes in each period presented for the TCJA transition tax.

Addition based on tax positions related to the current year

Addition based on tax positions related to prior years

Currency translation adjustments

Reduction based on tax positions related to prior years

Reduction for settlements

Reduction for lapses of statute of limitation

Balance at end of year

and , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, would reduce the effective tax rate if recognized.

and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized , , and , respectively, in interest and penalties.

to .

F-23 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Convertible senior notes, due 2025

Deferred financing costs

Less current portion

of revolving loans available until . The Credit Facility also provides for the ability of Vishay to request up to of incremental facilities, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, which could take the form of additional revolving commitments, incremental term loan A or term loan B 
 facilities, or incremental equivalent debt. 

. The Company also pays a commitment fee, also based on its leverage ratio, on undrawn amounts. The undrawn commitment fee, based on the Company's current leverage ratio, is per annum. 

to 1.00. If the Company's pro forma leverage ratio is greater than to 1.00, such Investments are subject to certain limitations. 

to 1.00. If the Company's pro forma leverage ratio is greater than to 1.00, the Credit Facility allows such payments up to per annum (subject to a cap of for the term of the facility, with up to of any unused amount of the per annum base available for use in the next succeeding calendar year). 

to 1.00), making asset sales, and paying cash dividends and making other restricted payments (assuming the
 Company's pro forma leverage ratio is greater than to
 1.00), and requires the Company to comply with other covenants, including the maintenance of specific financial ratios. 

against the Company or its
 subsidiaries. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Facility, the Company's obligations under the credit facility may be accelerated and the lending commitments under the credit facility may be terminated. 

and , respectively, available under the Credit Facility. Letters of credit totaling and were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

F-24 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 6 Long-Term Debt (continued) 

Maturity date

Principal amount

Cash coupon rate (per annum)

Nonconvertible debt borrowing rate at issuance (per annum)

Conversion rate effective November 29, 2022 (per 1 principal amount) 

Effective conversion price effective November 29, 2022 (per share) 

of the
 conversion price (per share)

of the conversion price for a specified period; (2) the trading price of the notes falls below of the product of the sale price of Vishay's common stock and the conversion rate for a specified period; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified
 corporate transactions. The convertible senior notes due 2025 are not currently convertible.

per share
 of common stock. Vishay must provide additional shares upon conversion if there is a fundamental change in the business as defined in the indenture governing the convertible senior notes due 2025.

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-25 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2021 

Convertible senior notes due 2025 

2020 

Convertible senior notes due 2025 

Convertible senior debentures 

Total

principal
 amount of convertible senior notes due 2025 in 2020. The net carrying value of the notes repurchased was . In accordance with the
 then-current authoritative accounting guidance for convertible debt, the aggregate repurchase payments of were allocated between
 the liability and equity components of the convertible notes, using the Company's nonconvertible debt borrowing rate at the time of the repurchases. As a result, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of convertible notes of , including the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs.

principal
 amount of convertible senior debentures due 2041 in 2020. The net carrying value of the debentures repurchased was . In accordance
 with the then-current authoritative accounting guidance for convertible debt, the aggregate repurchase payment of was allocated
 between the liability and equity components of the convertible debentures, using the Company's nonconvertible debt borrowing rate at the time of the repurchase. As a result, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of convertible debentures of , including the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs.

principal amount of convertible senior debentures due 2040 on February 4, 2021. The redemption price was paid in cash and was equal to 100 of the principal amount plus
 accrued but unpaid interest to, but excluding February 4, 2021. The convertible senior debentures due 2040, due 2041, and due 2042 have been fully repurchased. 

was drawn as of
 December 31, 2022, expires in 2024. The convertible senior notes mature in 2025.

with substantially no amounts borrowed.

, , and for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021,
 and 2020, respectively.

F-26 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

votes per
 share while the common stock carries vote per share. Class B shares are transferable only to certain permitted transferees while the
 common stock is freely transferable. Class B shares are convertible on a basis at any time into shares of common stock. 
 Transfers of Class B shares other than to permitted transferees result in the automatic conversion of the Class B shares into common stock.

to 1.00. If the Company's pro forma leverage ratio is greater than to 1.00, the Credit Facility allows such payments up to 
 per annum (subject to a cap of for the term of the facility, with up to of any unused amount of the per annum base available for use in
 the next succeeding calendar year).

Phantom stock units outstanding

2007 Stock Incentive Program - available to grant

Convertible senior notes, due 2025

Conversion of Class B common stock

Stock repurchases

Total

F-27 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Interest income

Other components of periodic pension expense

Investment income (expense)

Other

principal
 amount of convertible senior notes due 2025 in 2020 and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of the repurchased convertible debt of .

and and selling, general, and administrative expenses (benefits) of and ) based on employee function on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. 

F-28 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Goods received, not yet invoiced

Accrued VAT taxes payable

Other

Sales returns and allowances

Credits issued

Foreign currency

Ending balance

F-29 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications

Tax effect

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI

Tax effect

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI, net of tax

Net comprehensive income (loss)

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications

Tax effect

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI

Tax effect

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI, net of tax

Net comprehensive income (loss)

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications

Tax effect

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI

Tax effect

Amounts reclassified out of AOCI, net of tax

Net comprehensive income (loss)

Balance at December 31, 2022 

F-30 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Total included in other assets

Included in "Payroll and related expenses":

U.S. pension plans

Non-U.S. pension plans

U.S. other postretirement plans

Non-U.S. other postretirement plans

Total included in payroll and related expenses

Accrued pension and other postretirement costs:

U.S. pension plans

Non-U.S. pension plans

U.S. other postretirement plans

Non-U.S. other postretirement plans

Other retirement obligations

Total accrued pension and other postretirement costs

Accumulated other comprehensive loss:

U.S. pension plans

Non-U.S. pension plans

U.S. other postretirement plans

Non-U.S. other postretirement plans

Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

F-31 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 11 Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (continued) 

to his surviving spouse. The Company maintains a non-qualified
 trust, referred to as a rabbi trust, to fund benefit payments under this plan. Rabbi trust assets are subject to creditor claims under certain conditions and are not the property of employees. Therefore, they are accounted for as other noncurrent
 assets. Assets held in trust related to this non-qualified pension plan were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Service cost

Interest cost

Plan amendments

Actuarial (gains) losses

Benefits paid

Curtailments and settlements

Currency translation

Benefit obligation at end of year

Change in plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

Actual return on plan assets

Company contributions

Benefits paid

Currency translation

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Funded status at end of year

F-32 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 11 Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (continued) 

Accrued benefit liability - current

Accrued benefit liability - non-current

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Unamortized prior service cost

Plans for which the accumulated benefit obligation exceeds plan assets:

Projected benefit obligation

Accumulated benefit obligation

Fair value of plan assets

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

Amortization of actuarial losses

Amortization of prior service cost

Curtailment and settlement losses

Net periodic pension cost

F-33 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 11 Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (continued) 

Rate of compensation increase

Rate of compensation increase

Expected return on plan assets

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028-2032

F-34 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 11 Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (continued) 

unfunded non-pension postretirement plans at European subsidiaries.

Service cost

Interest cost

Actuarial (gains) losses

Benefits paid

Currency translation

Benefit obligation at end of year

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Funded status at end of year

Accrued benefit liability - non-current

Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss 

F-35 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 11 Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (continued) 

)

Interest cost

Amortization of actuarial (gains) losses

Curtailment and settlement losses

Net periodic benefit cost (benefit)

Rate of compensation increase

Rate of compensation increase

F-36 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 11 Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits (continued) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

and , respectively, within
 accrued pension and other postretirement costs related to these plans.

, ,
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022,
 2021, and 2020,
 respectively. No material amounts are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to unfunded 401(k) contributions.

and , respectively. 

F-37 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Phantom stock units

Total

Phantom stock units

Total

shares of restricted stock, unrestricted stock, RSUs,
 stock options, and phantom stock units, to officers, employees, and non-employee directors of the Company. Such instruments are available for grant until .

shares of common stock for future grants of equity awards pursuant to the 2007 Program. If any outstanding awards are forfeited by the holder
 or cancelled by the Company, the underlying shares would be available for regrant to others. 

F-38 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 12 Stock-Based Compensation (continued) 

Granted

Vested 

Cancelled or forfeited

End of year

Expected to vest

January 1, 2024

January 1, 2025

F-39 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 12 Stock-Based Compensation (continued) 

Granted

Dividend equivalents issued

End of year

F-40 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

, of which is included in other accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, and is included in other noncurrent liabilities 
 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

and 
 for the years 2023 through 2024, respectively. The minimum purchase commitments with Tower Semiconductor are based on a 18-month rolling forecast and, accordingly, the 2024 minimum purchase commitments will likely increase. The Company has the
 option to purchase wafers in addition to the minimum commitment and, accordingly, actual purchases may be different than the amounts disclosed above. The Company exceeded its minimum purchase commitments in 2022.

F-41 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

of the Company's accounts receivable balance. No customer comprised greater than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balance as of December
 31, 2021. The Company continually monitors the credit risks associated with its accounts receivable and adjusts the allowance for
 uncollectible accounts accordingly. The credit risk exposure associated with the accounts receivable is limited by the allowance and is not considered material to the financial statements.

MUFG Bank Ltd. 

Santander 

UniCredit Bank 

Bank Leumi 

F-42 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 14 Current Vulnerability Due to Certain Concentrations (continued) 

of revenues earned during 2022 were derived from sales to customers outside the United States. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, of the Company s cash and
 cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by subsidiaries outside of the United States. Some of the Company s products are produced and cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are held in countries which are subject to risks
 of political, economic, and military instability. This instability could result in wars, riots, nationalization of industry, currency fluctuations, and labor unrest. These conditions could have an adverse impact on the Company s ability to operate
 in these regions and, depending on the extent and severity of these conditions, could materially and adversely affect the Company s overall financial condition, operating results, and ability to access its liquidity when needed.

Israel 

Singapore

People's Republic of China 

United States

The Republic of China (Taiwan)

Other Asia

Other Europe

Other

. The
 Company has never experienced any material interruption in its operations attributable to these factors, in spite of several Middle East crises, including wars. 

F-43 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

reporting segments: MOSFETs, Diodes, Optoelectronic
 Components, Resistors, Inductors, and Capacitors. These segments represent groupings of product lines based on their functionality:

F-44 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 15 Segment and Geographic Data (continued) 

Segment Operating Income

Depreciation expense

Capital expenditures

Total Assets as of December 31, 2022 :

Year ended December 31, 2021: 

Net revenues

Segment Operating Income

Depreciation expense

Capital expenditures

Total Assets as of December 31, 2021 :

Year ended December 31, 2020: 

Net revenues

Segment Operating Income

Depreciation expense

Capital expenditures

Total Assets as of December 31, 2020 :

Restructuring and Severance Costs

Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic on Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses

Unallocated Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses

Consolidated Operating Income (Loss)

Unallocated Other Income (Expense)

Consolidated Income Before Taxes

OEMs

EMS companies

F-45 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 15 Segment and Geographic Data (continued) 

Europe

Americas

Automotive

Computing

Military and Aerospace 

Consumer Products

Power Supplies

Medical

Telecommunications 

Germany

Other Europe

Israel

Asia

Germany

Other Europe

Israel

People's Republic of China

Republic of China (Taiwan)

Other Asia

Other

F-46 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Denominator:

Denominator for basic earnings per share:

Weighted average shares

Outstanding phantom stock units

Adjusted weighted average shares - basic

Effect of dilutive securities:

Restricted stock units

Convertible debt instruments

Dilutive potential common shares

Denominator for diluted earnings per share:

Adjusted weighted average shares - diluted

Basic earnings per share attributable to Vishay stockholders

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Vishay stockholders

Convertible Senior Notes, due 2025

Weighted average other

F-47 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Accounts payable

Other current liabilities

Net change in operating assets and liabilities

F-48 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Available for sale securities

Precious metals 

Non - U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plan Assets:

Equity securities

Fixed income securities

Cash

Liability: 

MaxPower acquisition contingent consideration 

December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Assets held in rabbi trusts

Available for sale securities

Non - U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plan Assets:

Equity securities

Fixed income securities

Cash

F-49 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Note 18 Fair Value Measurements (continued) 

and , respectively, compared to its carrying value,
 excluding the derivative liability and capitalized deferred financing costs, of and , respectively. The Company estimates the fair value of its long-term debt using a combination of quoted market prices for similar financing arrangements and expected
 future payments discounted at risk-adjusted rates, which are considered level 2 inputs.

other-than-temporary impairments have been recognized
 on these securities, and there are unrecognized holding gains or losses for these securities during the periods presented. There
 have been transfers to or from the held-to-maturity classification. All decreases in the account balance are due to returns of
 principal at the securities maturity dates. Interest on the securities is recognized as interest income when earned.

F-50 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

they held on the record
 date, June 25, 2010, and Vishay s Class B common stockholders received they held on the record date.

F-51 

<EX-21>
 2
 exhibit21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Note: Names of Subsidiaries are indented under name of Parent. Subsidiaries are wholly owned unless otherwise noted. (Directors' or other shares required by statute in foreign
 jurisdictions and totaling less than 1 of equity are omitted.)

Vishay Americas, Inc.

Delaware

Vishay Americas do Brasil, LTDA

Brazil

Vishay Insurance, DAC

Ireland

Vishay France Holdings SAS

France

Vishay MCB Industrie S.A.S.

France

Vishay Dale Electronics, LLC

Delaware

Electronica Dale de Mexico S.A. de C.V.

Mexico

Vishay HiRel Systems LLC

Delaware

Vishay HiRel Systems International, LLC

Delaware

Vishay Sprague, Inc.

Delaware

Sprague Electric of Canada Limited

Canada

Siliconix incorporated

Delaware

Vishay Siliconix, LLC

Delaware

Siliconix Semiconductor, LLC

Delaware

Vishay Siliconix Electronic Co. Ltd. 
 The Republic of China (Taiwan) 

Vishay Siliconix Ireland Ltd. 
 
 Ireland 

Shanghai Simconix Electronic Company Ltd. 
 China 

Siliconix Technology C.V.

Netherlands

(a)

Vishay Semiconductor Italiana S.p.A.

Italy

Vishay Siliconix Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Singapore

Vishay Semiconductor India Pvt. Ltd.

India

Siliconix Singapore Pte Ltd

Singapore

MaxPower Semiconductor, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

MaxPower Semiconductor U.K., Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

Vishay GSI, Inc.

Delaware

Vishay GSI Holdings, LLC

Delaware

Vishay General Semiconductor, L.P.

Cayman Islands

(b)

Vishay General Semiconductor, LLC

Delaware

Vishay General Semiconductor of Taiwan, Ltd.

The Republic of China (Taiwan)

Vishay Capella Microsystems (Taiwan) Limited 
 
 The Republic of China (Taiwan) 

Vishay Asia GS Investments Pte., Ltd.

Singapore

Vishay BCcomponents Holdings Ltd.

Delaware

Vishay BCcomponents B.V.

Netherlands

Vishay Capacitors Belgium NV

Belgium

Vishay Resistors Belgium BV

Belgium

Vishay Components India Pvt. Ltd

India

(c)

Vishay BCcomponents Hong Kong Ltd.

Hong Kong

Vishay Hong Kong Ltd. 

Hong Kong

Vishay Intertechnology Asia Pte Ltd.

Singapore

Vishay Japan Co. Ltd.

Japan

Vishay Korea Co. Ltd.

Korea

Vishay (Taiwan) Ltd.

The Republic of China (Taiwan)

Vishay Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 

Vishay Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (continued)

Vishay Israel Limited

Israel

Z.T.R. Electronics Ltd.

Israel

ECOMAL Israel Ltd.

Israel

(d)

Vishay Polytech Co. Ltd. 
 Japan 

Vishay La Laguna S. DE R.L. DE C.V.

Mexico 
 
 (e) 

Vishay Europe GmbH

Germany

(f)

Vishay Europe Sales GmbH

Germany

Vishay BCcomponents Austria GmbH

Austria

Vishay Semiconductor Ges.mbH 
 
 Austria 

Vishay Electronic GmbH

Germany

Vishay Siliconix Itzehoe GmbH

Germany

Vishay Electronica Portugal Lda.

Portugal

(g)

ECOMAL Europe GmbH

Germany

ECOMAL Sweden AB

Sweden

ECOMAL Schweiz A.G.

Switzerland

ECOMAL Austria GmbH

Austria

Vishay Components, S.A.

Spain

ECOMAL Iberia S.A.U.

Spain

ECOMAL Nederland BV

Netherlands

ECOMAL Belgium BV

Belgium

ECOMAL Ceska republika S.r.O.

Czech Republic

ECOMAL Denmark A/S

Denmark

ECOMAL Finland OY

Finland

ECOMAL France S.A.S.

France

DEL - La Distribution Electronique

France 

ECOMAL UK Ltd.

United Kingdom

Vishay Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom

ECOMAL Italy s.r.l.

Italy

ECOMAL Elektronske Komponente d.o.o. 
 Slovenia 

Vishay Electronic SPOL SRO

Czech Republic

Ecomal Poland Sp. Z.o.o. 
 Poland 

Ecomal Hungary Kft. 
 Hungary 

Vishay S.A.

France

(h)

Ultronix, Inc.

Delaware

Vishay Semiconductor GmbH

Germany

Vishay (Phils.) Inc.

Philippines

Siliconix Philippines, Inc. 

Philippines 

Vishay Asia Semiconductor Investments Pte. Ltd.

Singapore

Vishay Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Singapore

(i)

Vishay Semiconductor Shanghai Co., Ltd.

China

Vishay General Semiconductor (China) Co., Ltd.

China

Vishay Micro-Electronics (Xi'an) Co., Ltd.

China

Vishay China Co. Ltd.

China

Vishay HiRel Systems Zhuhai Electronics Co Ltd

China

Vishay Components (Huizhou) Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 (j) 

Vishay Hungary Elektronikai KFT

Hungary

Vishay Semiconductor Malaysia Sdn Bhd

Malaysia

Vishay BCcomponents Beyschlag GmbH 
 Germany 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (continued)

(a) - 

Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Siliconix Technology C.V. is 100 ; 89 is owned by its wholly owned subsidiary Siliconix Incorporated, 10 is owned by its indirectly wholly owned
 subsidiary Siliconix Semiconductor, LLC, and 1 is owned by its indirect wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Siliconix LLC. 

(b) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay General Semiconductor, L.P. is 100 ; 1 is owned by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Vishay GSI Holdings, LLC, and 99 is owned by its
 wholly owned subsidiary Vishay GSI, Inc. 

(c) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay Components India Pvt. Ltd. is 100 ; 69 is owned directly and 31 is owned by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Vishay BCcomponents B.V. 

(d) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Ecomal Israel Ltd. is 66.7 . 

(e) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay La Laguna S. DE R.L. DE C.V. is 100 ; 99 is owned by its wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Israel Limited and 1 is owned by its
 indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Z.T.R. Electronics Ltd. 

(f) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay Europe GmbH is 100 ; over 99.9 is owned directly or indirectly by its wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Israel Limited and its affiliates; and
 less than 0.1 is owned directly. 

(g) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay Electronica Portugal Lda. is 100 ; 70 is owned by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Europe GmbH and 30 is owned by its indirectly
 wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Electronic GmbH. 

(h) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay S.A. is 99.9 . 

(i) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay Singapore Pte. Ltd. is 100 , 48 is owned by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Asia Semiconductor Investments Pte. Ltd., 26 is
 owned by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Asia Semiconductor GS Investments Pte. Ltd., and 26 is owned by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Siliconix Technology C.V. 

(j) - 
 
 Registrant's indirect ownership percentage in Vishay Components (Huizhou) Co. Ltd. is 100 ; 36 is owned by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Vishay Hong Kong Ltd. and 64 is owned by its
 indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Vishay China Co. Ltd. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:

1)

Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-144466) pertaining to the 2007 Stock Incentive Program of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.,

2)

Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-178895) pertaining to the Deferred Compensation Plan of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., and

3)

Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-196143) pertaining to the 2007 Stock Incentive Program of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.;

of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and the effectiveness of
 internal control over financial reporting of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

February 22, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-15(E) OR 15D-15(E)

Exhibit 31.1

 CERTIFICATIONS

 I, Joel Smejkal, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
 end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 22, 2023

/s/ Joel Smejkal 

Joel Smejkal 

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-15(E) OR 15D-15(E)

Exhibit 31.2

 CERTIFICATIONS

 I, Lori Lipcaman, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
 end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 22, 2023

/s/ Lori Lipcaman 

 Lori Lipcaman

 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I,
 Joel Smejkal, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Joel Smejkal 

Joel Smejkal 

Chief Executive Officer

 February 22, 2023

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I,
 Lori Lipcaman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Lori Lipcaman 

 Lori Lipcaman

 Chief Financial Officer

 February 22, 2023

</EX-32.2>

<EX-10.3>
 8
 exhibit10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC. 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PROGRAM 
 (AS AMENDED AND RESTATED) 

1. Purpose . The Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Program provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, unrestricted stock,
 stock appreciation rights and phantom stock units to executive officers, key employees and directors of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The purpose of the Program is to enhance the long-term performance of the Company and to
 provide the selected individuals with an incentive to improve the growth and profitability of the Company by acquiring a proprietary interest in the success of the Company. The Program as amended and restated reflects the merger of the Vishay
 Intertechnology, Inc. Senior Executive Phantom Stock Plan with and into the Program, and includes Awards of Phantom Stock Units. The effectiveness of the amendment and restatement of the Program, including the merger of the Vishay Intertechnology,
 Inc. Senior Executive Phantom Stock Plan with and into the Program is conditioned on and subject to the approval of the Company's stockholders at the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2014.

2. Definitions . Whenever used in the
 Program, the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include the feminine, the singular to include the plural, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, and the following capitalized words and phrases shall have the meaning set forth below
 unless the context plainly requires a different meaning:

(a) " Agreement " means the written agreement between the Company and a Participant, or other documentation, evidencing an Award. A Participant's acceptance of an Award shall be deemed to reflect the
 Participant's agreement that the Award shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Program and the applicable Agreement.

(b) " Award " means an Option, Restricted Stock, Unrestricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Stock Appreciation Right or Phantom Stock Unit Award.

(c) " Board " means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(d) " Cause " means any of the following:

(i) A Participant's conviction of a felony or any
 other crime involving moral turpitude (whether or not involving the Company or its Subsidiaries);

(ii) Any act or failure to act by a Participant
 involving dishonesty, fraud, misrepresentation, theft or embezzlement of assets from Vishay or its Subsidiaries; or

A-1 

(iii) A
 Participant's (A) willful and repeated failure to substantially perform his duties under any applicable employment agreement, or the repeated refusal to follow the reasonable directions of the Board or any officer of the Company (other than as a
 result of Disability) or (B) willful and repeated failure to substantially comply with any policy of the Company or its Subsidiaries applicable to the Participant; in either case following the Participant's failure to cure within twenty (20) days
 after the Participant's receipt of written notice from the Company.

(e) " Class B Common Stock " means the Class B common stock, 0.10 par value per share, of the Company.

(f) " Code " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(g) " Committee " means the Compensation Committee of the Board, or the Board, if acting in place of the Compensation Committee.

(h) " Common Stock " means the common stock, par value 0.10 per share of the Company, other than Class B Common Stock.

(i) " Company " means Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. a Delaware corporation, or any successor organization.

(j) " Consent " has the meaning prescribed in Section 14.

(k) " Continuing Director " means a director who either (i) was a member of the Board on April 1, 2008 or (ii) becomes a member of the Board after April 1, 2008 and
 whose election, appointment or nomination for election by the stockholders of the Company is duly approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors on the Board at the time of such approval, either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy
 statement issued by the Company on behalf of the Board in which such individual is named as nominee for director.

(l) " Disability " means a physical or mental condition which, in the judgment of the Committee, permanently prevents a Participant from performing his usual duties for
 the Company or such other position or job which the Company makes available to him and for which the Participant is qualified by reason of his education, training and experience. In making its determination the Committee may, but is not required
 to, rely on advice of a physician competent in the area to which such Disability relates. The Committee may make the determination in its sole discretion and any decision of the Committee shall be binding on all parties.

(m) " Effective Date " means the date of the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2014.

(n) " Employee " means a full-time, nonunion, salaried, common law employee of the Company or any Subsidiary. The term "Employee" shall not include an individual who
 is not classified by the Committee as an employee, even if such individual is retroactively recharacterized as an employee by the Company, a Subsidiary or a third party.

(o) " Exercise Price " means the price per share at which Common Stock may be purchased upon exercise of an Option.

A-2 

(p) " Expiration Date " means the last date upon which an Option can be exercised, as described in Section 6(b).

(q) " Fair Market Value " means :

(i) If
 Shares are listed on a stock exchange, Fair Market Value shall be determined based on the last reported sale price of a Share on the principal exchange on which Shares are listed on the date of determination, or if such date is not a trading day,
 the next trading date.

(ii) If
 Shares are not so listed, but trades of Shares are reported on the Nasdaq National Market, Fair Market Value shall be determined based on the last quoted sale price of a Share on the Nasdaq National Market on the date of determination, or if such
 date is not a trading day, the next trading date.

(iii) If
 Shares are not so listed nor trades of Shares so reported, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith.

(r) " Immaculate Cashless Exercise " means an arrangement for the exercise of Options under which the Participant receives Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value
 equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to Option exercise over the aggregate Option exercise price for such Options.

(s) " Involuntary Termination " means a Termination of Employment but does not include a Termination of Employment for Cause or a Voluntary Resignation.

(t) " Option " means a right to purchase Shares granted pursuant to Section 6 of this Program, which shall not be treated as an incentive stock option under section 422
 of the Code.

(u) " Participant " means an individual to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Program, provided that with respect to Section 12, the term "Participant" shall mean
 any Employee of the Company who has entered into an employment agreement with the Company that provides for the grant of Phantom Stock Units pursuant to the Program.

(v) " Permitted Holder " means each of the Estate of Dr. Felix Zandman, Dr. Felix Zandman's surviving spouse, his children or lineal descendants, the Estate of Mrs.
 Luella B. Slaner or her children or lineal descendants, any trust established for the benefit of such persons, or any "person" (as such term is used in Section 13(d) or Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, controlling,
 controlled by or under common control with any such person referenced in this Section 2(v) or any trust established for the benefit of such persons or any charitable trust or non-profit entry established by a Permitted Holder, or any group in which
 such Permitted Holders hold more than a majority of the voting power of the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock deemed to be beneficially owned by such group.

A-3 

(w) " Phantom Stock Unit " shall mean a right to receive a Share on a future date referenced in a Participant's employment agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and the
 Participant. 

(x) " Phantom Stock Plan " means the Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Senior Executive Phantom Stock Plan which was merged with and into the Program, as amended and
 restated.

(y) " Program " means the Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Program, as amended and restated, and as may be amended from time to time.

(z) " Program Action " has the meaning prescribed in Section 14.

(aa) " Restricted Stock " means restricted Shares that are forfeitable on the date of grant and that may not be transferred until vested.

(bb) " Restricted Stock Unit " means the right to receive a Share on a date determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Agreement.

(cc) " Retirement " means a Termination of Employment from the Company or a Subsidiary, with the consent of the Company, on or after the "normal retirement age" defined
 under any tax qualified retirement plan maintained by the Company.

(dd) " SAR Spread " has the meaning prescribed in Section 2(ff).

(ee) " Share " means a share of Common Stock.

(ff) " Stock Appreciation Right " means the right to receive in cash or Shares the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the exercise date over the Fair
 Market Value of a Share on the grant date (the SAR Spread), and otherwise shall have the same terms and conditions as an Option granted hereunder.

(gg) " Subsidiary " means any trade or business, including, without limitation, a corporation (other than the Company), partnership or limited liability company in an
 unbroken chain of trades or businesses beginning with the Company if, at the time of the granting of the Award, each of the trades or businesses other than the last trade or business in the unbroken chain owns ownership interests equal to 50 or
 more of the total combined voting power of all ownership interests in one of the other trades or businesses in the chain.

A-4 

(hh) " Termination of Employment ." 

(i) In General . "Termination of Employment" means the termination of the employee-employer relationship between an Employee and the Company or a Subsidiary, or the termination of
 service as a member of the Board, regardless of the fact that severance or similar payments are made to the Participant, for any reason, including, but not limited to, a Voluntary Resignation, Involuntary Termination, termination for Cause, death,
 Disability or Retirement. The Committee shall, in its absolute discretion, determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to a Termination of Employment, including, but not by way of limitation, the question of whether a leave of
 absence constitutes a Termination of Employment, or whether a Termination of Employment is for Cause. If a Participant is both an Employee and a member of the Board or if a Participant ceases to be an Employee or Board member and immediately
 commences service in the other capacity, then a Termination of Employment shall occur when the Participant is neither an Employee nor a member of the Board.

(ii) Special Provisions Relating to Section 409A of the Code .

 (A) To the extent
 compliance with the requirements of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(2) (or any successor provision) is necessary to avoid the application of an additional tax under section 409A of the Code to payments due to a Participant upon or following his
 Termination of Employment, then notwithstanding any other provision of the Program, any such payments that are otherwise due within six months following the Participant's Termination of Employment, including but not limited to payments described in
 Section 12(d), will be deferred and paid to the Participant in a lump sum immediately following that six-month period.

(B) Notwithstanding

 any other provision of the Program to the contrary, any payment or benefit provided to a Participant upon or following his or her Termination of Employment that represents a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of section 409A of the Code
 shall only be paid or provided to the Participant upon his or her "separation from service" within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h) (or any successor regulation).

(ii) " Unrestricted Stock " means Shares that are fully and immediately vested at the date of grant of an Award.

(jj) " Voluntary Resignation " means a Termination of Employment as a result of the Participant's resignation.

3. Administration .

(a) The Program shall be administered by the Committee, which shall consist of at least two directors who are not Employees of the Company or a Subsidiary. The members of the Committee
 shall be appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board. To the extent required for transactions under the Program to qualify for the exemptions available under Rule 16b 3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the members
 of the Committee shall be "non-employee directors" within the meaning of Rule 16b 3. To the extent required for compensation realized from Awards to be deductible by the Company pursuant to section 162(m) of the Code, the members of the
 Committee shall be "outside directors" within the meaning of section 162(m). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no grant of an Award shall be invalidated if the Committee is not so constituted. If the Committee does not exist, or for any other
 reason determined by the Board, the Board may take any action under the Program that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee. 

A-5 

(b) The Committee shall have full authority, in its discretion, to: 

(i) determine

 the Employees of the Company or any Subsidiary to whom Awards shall be granted and the terms and provisions of each Award, subject to the provisions of this Program;

(ii) exercise

 all of the powers granted to it under this Program;

(iii) construe,

 interpret and implement the Program and any Agreement;

(iv) prescribe,

 amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Program, including rules governing its own operations;

(v) determine

 the terms and provisions of the respective Agreement with each Participant;

(vi) make
 all determinations necessary or advisable in administering the Program; and

(vii) correct

 any defect, supply any omission and reconcile any inconsistency in the Program. 

The Committee's determinations under the Program need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among persons
 who receive, or are eligible to receive, Awards under the Program (whether or not such persons are similarly situated). The Committee's decisions shall be final and binding on all Participants.

(c) Action of
 the Committee shall be taken by the vote of a majority of its members. The determination of the Committee on all matters relating to the Program or any Agreement (including, without limitation, the determination as to whether an event has occurred
 resulting in forfeiture or a termination or reduction of the Company's obligations in accordance with the terms of this Program) shall be final, binding and conclusive. No member of the Committee shall be liable for any action or determination
 made in good faith with respect to the Program or any award thereunder.

(d) Notwithstanding

 any other provision of the Program, the Committee (or the Board acting instead of the Committee), may delegate to one or more officers of the Company the authority to designate the individuals (other than such officer(s) or any member of the
 Board), among those eligible to receive awards pursuant to the terms of the Program, who will receive Awards and the size of each such grant, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 157 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (or any successor
 provision thereto). The Committee may additionally delegate to one or more officers of the Company the day-to-day administrative management of the Program to the fullest extent permitted by Section 157 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (or
 any successor provision thereto).

(e) With
 respect to Awards granted to members of the Board who are not Employees of the Company, the Program shall be administered as otherwise set forth in this Section 3, including determining which individuals shall receive Awards and the terms of any
 such Awards, solely by the Board.

(f) All
 expenses of the Program shall be borne by the Company.

A-6 

4. Shares Available .

(a) Number of Shares Available . Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 4(c), the number of Shares for which Awards may be granted under this Program is
 6,500,000, including 300,000 Shares previously reserved for issuance under the Phantom Stock Plan, which may consist of treasury shares, authorized but unissued Shares or Shares acquired by the Company for purposes of the Program. The maximum
 number of Shares subject to Awards granted under this Program to any participating Employee for any year shall not exceed 300,000, subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 4(c). To the extent permitted by law, any Shares attributable to
 the unexercised, unearned or otherwise unsettled portion of any Award that is forfeited, canceled, expires or terminates for any reason without being exercised, earned or otherwise settled in full, including such Shares underlying Awards granted
 before the Effective Date, shall again be available for the grant of Awards under this Program.

(b) Effect of Share Withholding and Immaculate Cashless Exercise . If (i) with respect to any form of Award, the Company withholds Shares to satisfy its minimum tax
 withholding requirements as provided in Section 18, (ii) an Option covering Shares is exercised pursuant to an Immaculate Cashless Exercise arrangement or (iii) Shares are tendered to the Company in payment of the Exercise Price of an Option, other
 Options may not be granted covering (A) the Shares so withheld to satisfy the Company's tax withholding requirements, (B) the Shares that were subject to such Option but not delivered because of the application of such Immaculate Cashless Exercise
 provisions or (C) the Shares so tendered to pay the Exercise Price, as applicable. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, Awards may not be granted covering Shares repurchased by the Company on the open market with proceeds, if any, received by
 the Company on account of the payment of the option price for an Option by Participants.

(c) Changes in Capitalization . If there is any change in the outstanding Shares by reason of a stock dividend or distribution, stock split, reverse stock split,
 recapitalization or similar corporate change, or by reason of any merger, consolidation, spinoff or other corporate reorganization in which the Company is the surviving corporation, the number of shares that may be delivered under the Program and
 the number of Shares subject to each outstanding Award, and, if appropriate, the Exercise Price under an Award of Options, shall be equitably adjusted by the Committee to prevent the enlargement or dilution of rights of a Participant under the
 Award. After any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4(c), the number of shares subject to each outstanding Award shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number.

5. Eligibility .
 Officers, other Employees of the Company or a Subsidiary, and members of the Board, who are responsible for or contribute to the management, growth, and profitability of the business of the Company or a Subsidiary, are eligible to participate in
 the Program. Subject to Section 3(d), the selection of individuals for participation in the Program shall be made by the Committee, based on a subjective evaluation of each individual's performance and expected future contribution to the Company
 and its Subsidiaries, and may take into account the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, provided that any Employee of the Company who has entered into an employment agreement with the Company providing for the granting of
 Phantom Stock Units pursuant to the Program shall be eligible to receive a Phantom Stock Awards as provided in such employment agreement.

A-7 

6. Options .

(a) Grant of Options . The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Options during any year that this Program is in effect to any eligible Employee. The terms of
 each Option shall be contained in an Agreement, which shall contain the number of Shares covered by the Option, the period during which the Option may be exercised, the Exercise Price, and any additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with
 this Program that the Committee deems to be appropriate. The Committee shall have complete discretion in determining the number of Shares subject to each Option grant (subject to the share limitations set forth in Section 4(a)) and, consistent
 with the provisions of this Program, the terms, conditions and limitations pertaining to each Option. The terms of Options need not be uniform among Participants.

(b) Option Term . The duration of each Option shall be specified in the Agreement and shall not exceed ten (10) years.

(c) Option Price . The Exercise Price of the Common Stock purchasable under any Option shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in each Agreement, subject
 to adjustment in accordance with Section 4(c). The Exercise Price shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the Option is granted.

(d) Exercise of Options . Each Agreement shall contain a vesting schedule, which shall specify when the Option shall become vested and thus exercisable; provided,
 however, that subsequent to the grant of an Option, the Committee, at any time before complete termination of such Option, may accelerate the time or times at which such Option may be exercised in whole or in part, and may permit the Participant or
 any other designated person acting for the benefit of the Participant to exercise all or any part of the Option during all or part of the remaining Option term specified in Section 6(a), notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the
 contrary.

(e) Termination of Employment .

(i) Death or Disability . If a Participant has a Termination of Employment as a result of death or Disability, the time at which the unexercised portion of any
 Option becomes exercisable may be accelerated, including to make the Option immediately exercisable in full. Except as otherwise provided in an applicable Agreement, the Option, to the extent that it is not exercisable on the date of termination,
 shall expire and terminate on such date of termination and the Option, to the extent that it is exercisable (including after any acceleration of vesting) on such date of termination, shall expire and terminate on the earlier of the Expiration Date
 or first anniversary of the Participant's death or disability. Any exercise of an Option following a Participant's death shall be made only by the Participant's executor or administrator, unless the Participant's will specifically disposes of such
 award, in which case such exercise shall be made only by the recipient of such specific disposition. If a Participant's personal representative or the recipient of a specific disposition shall be entitled to exercise an Option pursuant to the
 preceding sentence, such representative or recipient shall be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Program and the applicable Agreement which would have applied to the Participant.

A-8 

(ii) Retirement . If a Participant has a Termination of Employment due to Retirement, the time at which the unexercised portion of an Option becomes
 exercisable may be accelerated, including to make the Option immediately exercisable in full. Except as otherwise provided in an applicable Agreement, the Option, to the extent that it is not exercisable on the date of retirement, shall expire
 and terminate on such date of retirement and the Option, to the extent that it is exercisable (including after any acceleration of vesting) on such date of retirement, shall expire and terminate on the earlier of the Expiration Date or the first
 anniversary of the Participant's retirement. 

(iii) Other Termination . Except as otherwise provided in an applicable Agreement, if a Participant has a Termination of Employment for reasons other than as provided
 in Sections 6(e)(i) and 6(e)(ii), the Option, to the extent that it is not exercisable on the date of termination, shall expire and terminate on such date of termination and the Option, to the extent that it is exercisable (including after any
 acceleration of vesting) on such date of termination, shall expire and terminate on the earlier of the Expiration Date of the Option or on the 60th day after the Participant's termination; provided, however, that the unexercised portion of any
 Option (including any vested portion) shall expire and terminate immediately upon a Termination of Employment for Cause.

(iv) If
 the Company in its sole discretion determines that the Participant has, at any time during the 12-month period following Termination of Employment violated the terms of any agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary regarding (i) engaging in a
 business that competes with the business of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) interfering in any material respect with any contractual or business relationship of the Company or any Subsidiary, or (iii) soliciting the employment of any person who
 was during such 12-month period, a director, officer, partner, Employee, agent or consultant of the Company or a Subsidiary, then (x) all outstanding unexercised Options issued to the holder pursuant to the Program shall be forfeited and (y) upon
 written request from the Company, the Participant shall pay to the Company any gain realized upon the exercise of an Option within the 12-month period preceding the violation or such other period as may be set forth in the applicable Agreement.

(f) Transfer of Option . Unless the Committee determines otherwise at the time an Option is granted, no Option granted under the Program shall be assignable or
 transferable other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and all Options shall be exercisable during the life of the Participant only by the Participant or his legal representative.

(g) Substituted Options . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6, any Option issued in substitution for an Option previously issued by another
 entity, which substitution occurs in connection with a transaction to which section 424(a) of the Code is applicable, may provide for an exercise price computed in accordance with such section of the Code and the regulations thereunder and may
 contain such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe to cause such substitute Option to contain as nearly as possible the same terms and conditions (including the applicable vesting and termination provisions) as those contained
 in the previously issued Option being replaced thereby.

A-9 

(h) Exercise of Options . 

(i) In General . An Option shall be exercised by the delivery of a written notice of exercise to the Corporate Secretary of the Company, or such other person
 specified by the Committee, setting forth the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised, accompanied by full payment of the Exercise Price and any required withholding taxes. Payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares
 being purchased shall be made: (A) by certified or official bank check (or the equivalent thereof acceptable to the Company), or (B) at the discretion of the Committee and to the extent permitted by law, by such other provision as the Committee
 may from time to time prescribe. The Committee may allow exercises to be made by means of Immaculate Cashless Exercise or other similar arrangement with the delivery of payment as permitted under Federal Reserve Board Regulation T, subject to
 applicable securities law restrictions, or by any other means which the Committee determines to be consistent with the Program's purpose and applicable law. Payment shall be made on the date that the Option or any part thereof is exercised, and no
 shares shall be issued or delivered upon exercise of an Option until full payment has been made by the Participant. Promptly after receiving payment of the full Exercise Price, the Company shall, subject to the provisions of Section 14, deliver to
 the Participant, or to such other person as may then have the right to exercise the Option, a certificate for the Shares for which the Option has been exercised.

(ii) Automatic Exercise . The provisions of this Paragraph 6(h)(ii) shall apply to any Option that is unexercised, in whole or in part, on or after the Effective
 Date, including any such Option that was granted before the Effective Date. Immediately before the time at which any such Option is scheduled to expire in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Program and the applicable Agreement, the
 Option shall be deemed automatically exercised, if such Option satisfies the following conditions:

(A) Such

 Option is covered by a then-current registration statement or a Notification under Regulation A under the 1933 Act.

(B) The

 last reported sale price of a Share on the principal exchange on which Shares are listed on the date of determination, or if such date is not a trading day, the last preceding trading day, exceeds the option price per Share by such amount as may be
 determined by the Committee or its delegate from time to time. Absent a contrary determination, such excess per Share shall be 0.01.

(C) The

 Participant to whom such Option has been granted has not terminated employment for Cause, and, immediately before the time at which any such Option is scheduled to expire in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Program and the applicable
 Agreement, there is no basis for a Termination of Employment for Cause.

A-10 

(D) An Option subject to this Section 6(h)(ii) shall be exercised via Immaculate Cashless Exercise, such that subject to the other terms and conditions of the
 Program, following the date of exercise, the Company shall deliver to the Participant Shares having a value, at the time of exercise, equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of such Shares based on the last reported sale price of such
 Shares on the principal exchange on which Shares are listed on the date of determination, or if such date is not a trading day, the last preceding trading date, over (B) the sum of (x) the aggregate option price for such Shares, plus (y) the
 applicable tax withholding amounts (as determined pursuant to Section 18) for such exercise; provided that in connection with such cashless exercise that would not result in the issuance of a whole number of Shares, the Company shall pay cash in
 lieu of any fractional Share. 

7. Employees
 Based Outside of the United States . Notwithstanding any provision of this Program to the contrary, in order to foster and promote the achievement of the purposes of the Program, or to comply with these provisions in other countries
 in which the Company or any Subsidiary operates or has Employees, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to (i) determine which Employees employed by the Company or any Subsidiary outside the United States, are
 eligible to participate in the Program; (ii) modify the terms and conditions of any options granted to Employees who are employed outside the United States (including the grant of Stock Appreciation Rights, as described in Section 8 in lieu of
 Options); and (iii) establish subprograms, modified Option exercise procedures and other terms and procedures to the extent such actions may be necessary or advisable.

8. Stock
 Appreciation Rights . The Committee in its discretion may grant Stock Appreciation Rights in lieu of Options to Employees, having terms and conditions similar to terms and conditions applicable to Options under Section 6. Stock
 Appreciation Rights granted under this Section 8 shall be treated as Options for the application of the limitations in Section 4(a).

9. Restricted

 Stock .

(a) Restricted Stock Grants . The Committee may grant Restricted Stock to such persons, in such amounts, and subject to such vesting and forfeiture provisions and
 other terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion, subject to the provisions of the Program. The terms of a grant of Restricted Stock shall be contained in an Agreement, which shall contain the number of Shares of
 Restricted Stock granted, when the Restricted Stock vests and any additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Program that the Committee deems to be appropriate. If the Restricted Stock is newly issued by the Company, the
 Participant must make payment to the Company or its exchange agent in an amount at least equal to the par value of the shares as required by the Committee and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law.

(b) Issuance of Stock Certificate(s) . Promptly after the Committee grants Restricted Stock to a Participant, the Company or its exchange agent shall issue to the
 Participant a stock certificate or stock certificates for the Shares covered by the Award or shall establish an account evidencing ownership of the stock in uncertificated form. Upon the issuance of such stock certificate(s) or establishment of
 such account, the Participant shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Restricted Stock, subject to:

A-11 

(i) The nontransferability restrictions and forfeiture provision described in Section 9(d) and Section 9 (e); 

(ii) In

 the Committee's discretion, a requirement that any dividends paid on such shares shall be held in escrow until all restrictions on such shares have lapsed; and

(iii) Any

 other restrictions and conditions contained in the applicable Agreement.

(c) Custody of Stock Certificate(s) . Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, any stock certificates issued evidencing Shares of Restricted Stock shall
 remain in the possession of the Company until such shares are free of any restrictions specified in the applicable Agreement. The Committee may direct that such stock certificate(s) bear a legend setting forth the applicable restrictions on
 transferability or, if the Restricted Stock is in book entry form, that such book entry or account be subject to electronic coding or stop order indicating that such Shares of Restricted Stock are restricted by the terms of the Program. Such
 legend, electronic coding or stop order shall not be removed until such Shares of Restricted Stock vest.

(d) Nontransferability . Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as otherwise specifically
 provided in this Program or the applicable Agreement. The Committee at the time of grant shall specify the date or dates (which may depend upon or be related to a period of continued employment with the Company, the attainment of performance goals
 or other conditions or a combination of such conditions) on which the nontransferability of the Restricted Stock shall lapse.

(e) Termination of Employment . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee at any time prior to a Participant's termination of employment, a Participant's
 termination of employment for any reason (including death) shall cause the immediate forfeiture of all Restricted Stock that has not yet vested as of the date of such termination of employment. Unless the Board or the Committee determines
 otherwise, all dividends paid on such shares also shall be forfeited, whether by termination of any escrow arrangement under which such dividends are held, by the Participant's repayment of dividends received directly, or otherwise.

10. Unrestricted

 Stock . The Committee may grant (or sell at a purchase price at least equal to par value) Shares free of restrictions under the Program, to such persons and in such amounts as the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion,
 subject to the provisions of the Program. Shares may be thus granted or sold in respect of past services or other valid consideration.

A-12 

11. Restricted Stock Units .

(a) Restricted Stock Unit Grants . The Committee may grant Restricted Stock Units to such persons, in such amounts, and subject to such terms and conditions as the
 Committee shall determine in its discretion, subject to the provisions of the Program. The terms of a grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be contained in an Agreement, which shall contain the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, when the
 Restricted Stock Units vest, when the Shares will be issued and any additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Program that the Committee deems to be appropriate. Unless the applicable Agreement provides otherwise, a Share will be
 issued immediately upon vesting of a Restricted Stock Unit.

(b) Vesting . Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as otherwise specifically provided
 in this Program or the applicable Agreement. The Committee at the time of grant shall specify the date or dates (which may depend upon or be related to a period of continued employment with the Company, the attainment of performance goals or other
 conditions or a combination of such conditions) on which the Restricted Stock Units shall vest.

(c) Termination of Employment . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee at any time prior to a Participant's Termination of Employment, a Participant's
 Termination of Employment for any reason (including death) shall cause the immediate forfeiture of all Restricted Stock Units that have not yet vested as of the date of such Termination of Employment.

12. Phantom Stock Units . 

(a) Phantom Stock Unit Awards . Each Participant who has an employment agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary that provides for the Award of Phantom Stock Units
 shall be granted the number of Phantom Stock Units specified in such Participant's employment agreement, as of the date or dates specified in such employment agreement. Each grant of Phantom Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Agreement.

(b) Vesting of Phantom Stock Units . Except as otherwise provided by the Committee and reflected in the Agreement, Phantom Stock Units granted shall be fully vested
 and nonforfeitable.

(c) Dividends . If a dividend is distributed with respect to Shares, each Participant shall receive an Award of additional Phantom Stock Units determined by dividing
 the aggregate amount of cash dividends the Participant would have received with respect to the Phantom Stock Units (if the Phantom Stock Units were Shares) by the closing price per Share on the New York Stock Exchange, or such other national
 securities exchange or interdealer quotation service on which Shares are then traded, on the trading day on which the dividend distribution is made. 

A-13 

(d) Settlement of Phantom Stock Units . Within 30 days after the Participant incurs a Termination of Employment, or such other time as may be specified in the applicable
 employment agreement or required by applicable law, the Company shall deliver Shares to the Participant equal to the number of the Participant's Phantom Stock Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, distribution of Shares to a Participant that
 represents a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of section 409A of the Code shall only be paid or provided to a Participant at such time and in such form as shall avoid the application of an additional tax under section 409A. 

(e) Phantom Stock Units Unfunded . Phantom Stock Units granted to a Participant and the benefits payable in respect thereof represent merely unfunded, unsecured promises of
 the Company to distribute Shares in the future. 

(f) Nontransferability of Phantom Stock Units . No transfer (other than a transfer made by will or by the laws of descent and distribution) by the Participant of any
 right to any payment of Phantom Stock Units, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, and whether by means of alienation by anticipation, sale, transfer, assignment, bankruptcy, pledge, attachment, charge, or encumbrance
 of any kind, shall vest the transferee with any interest or right, and any attempt to so alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, attach, charge, or otherwise encumber any such amount, whether presently or thereafter payable, shall be void and of
 no force or effect.

13. No Rights
 as a Stockholder . No Participant (or other person having the right to exercise an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, vest in a Restricted Stock Unit or receive Shares on account of Phantom Stock Units) shall have any of the rights
 of a stockholder of the Company with respect to shares subject to such an Award until the issuance of a stock certificate to such person for such shares or the establishment of an account evidencing ownership of such shares in uncertificated form,
 except as otherwise provided in Section 4(c).

14. Consents and
 Approvals . If the Committee shall at any time determine that any Consent (as hereinafter defined) is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the issuance of shares under the Program or the taking of any
 other action thereunder (each such action being hereinafter referred to as a Program Action), then such Program Action shall not be taken, in whole or in part, unless and until such Consent shall have been effected or obtained to the full
 satisfaction of the Committee. The term Consent as used herein with respect to any Program Action means (a) any and all listings, registrations or qualifications in respect thereof upon any securities exchange or under any federal, state or local
 law, rule or regulation, (b) any and all written agreements and representations by the Participant with respect to the disposition of shares, or with respect to any other matter, which the Committee shall deem necessary or desirable to comply with
 the terms of any such listing, registration or qualification or to obtain an exemption from the requirement that any such listing, qualification or registration be made and (c) any and all consents, clearances and approvals in respect of a Program
 Action by any governmental or other regulatory bodies.

A-14 

15. Change in Control .

(a) Change in Control Defined . A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as:

(i) A

 "person" or "group" within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any employee benefit plans of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
 Permitted Holders) becomes the direct or indirect "beneficial owner", as defined in Rule 13d 3 under the Exchange Act, of 50 or more, in the aggregate, of the voting power of the (x) Common Stock and Class B Common Stock then outstanding or (y)
 other capital stock into which the Common Stock or Class B Common Stock is reclassified or changed;

(ii) 
 The consummation of any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of
 transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person other than to a Subsidiary of the Company; provided, however, that a transaction where the holders of the
 Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of aggregate voting power of all classes of common equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee entitled
 to vote generally in the election of directors immediately after such event shall not be a Change in Control;

(iii) 
 The Continuing Directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the Company's board of directors; or

(iv) The

 stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

(b) Effect of a Change in Control .

(i) Upon

 the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Committee may (A) cause all or some of the Awards outstanding under the Program to be fully vested as of the effective date of the Change in Control or (B) provide for the accelerated distribution of
 Phantom Stock Units.

(ii) 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control that results in (A) a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, (B) a sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets, (C) a merger or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is
 not the surviving corporation or (D) a merger or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is the surviving corporation but the holders of Shares receive securities of another corporation and/or other property, including cash, the
 Committee shall, with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, in its absolute discretion (which may include not treating all Options and Stock Appreciation Rights uniformly), elect to either:

A-15 

(1) Amend each Option or Stock Appreciation Right so that it becomes exercisable in full at least two weeks before the occurrence of such event and expires upon the
 occurrence of such event; 

(2) Cancel, effective immediately prior to the occurrence of such event, each Option or Stock Appreciation Right outstanding immediately prior to such event
 (whether or not then exercisable), and, in full consideration of such cancellation, pay to the Participant an amount in cash, for each Stock Appreciation Right, equal to the spread (on the same basis as determined for an Option under this Section
 15(b)(ii)(2), and for each Share subject to such Option equal to the excess, if any, of (x) the value, as determined by the Committee in its absolute discretion, of the property (including cash) received by the holder of a Share as a result of
 such event over (y) the exercise price of such Option, provided that for the avoidance of doubt, such power of cancellation shall include the power to cancel any Option for which (y) is greater than or equal to (x) and the power to cancel any
 Stock Appreciation Right for which the spread is zero or negative; or 

(iii) With

 respect to Options, provide for the exchange of each Option outstanding immediately prior to such event (whether or not then exercisable) for an option on some or all of the property which a holder of the number of Shares subject to such Option
 would have received and, incident thereto, make an equitable adjustment as determined by the Committee in its absolute discretion in the exercise price of the Option, or the number of shares or amount of property subject to the Option or, if
 appropriate, provide for a cash payment to the Participant in partial consideration for the exchange of the Option, and with respect to Stock Appreciation Rights, provide for comparable exchanges.

16. Limitations
 Imposed by Section 162(m) .

(a) Q ualified Performance-Based Compensation . The Committee may make the granting and/or vesting of an Award subject to the attainment of one or more pre-established
 objective performance goals during a performance period, as set forth below. To the extent provided by the Committee in connection with any Award, it is intended that the compensation realized by the Participant from such Awards shall qualify as
 "qualified performance-based compensation" within the meaning of section 162(m) of the Code.

A-16 

(i) Performance Goals . With respect to any Award that is intended to qualify as "qualified performance-based compensation" within the meaning of section
 162(m) of the Code, prior to the ninety-first (91st) day of the applicable performance period or during such other period as may be permitted under section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall establish one or more objective performance goals
 with respect to such performance period. Such performance goals shall be expressed in terms of one or more of the following criteria: (A) earnings (either in the aggregate or on a per-share basis, either including or excluding any or all of
 interest, depreciation and amortization, reflecting dilution of shares as the Committee deems appropriate and, if the Committee so determines, net of or including dividends); (B) net income, adjusted as the Committee deems appropriate, including
 but not limited to adjustments to exclude any or all of restructuring and related severance costs, inventory write-downs and related purchase commitment charges, and individually material one-time gains or charges); (C) gross or net sales; (D)
 cash flow(s) (including either operating or net cash flows); (E) financial return ratios; (F) total shareholder return, shareholder return based on growth measures or the attainment by the Shares of a specified value for a specified period of
 time, share price or share price appreciation; (G) value of assets, return or net return on assets, net assets or capital (including invested capital); (H) adjusted pre-tax margin; (I) margins, profits and expense levels; (J) dividends; (K)
 market share, market penetration or other performance measures with respect to specific designated products or product groups and/or specific geographic areas; (L) reduction of losses, loss ratios or expense ratios; (M) reduction in fixed costs;
 (N) operating cost management; (O) cost of capital; (P) debt reduction; (Q) productivity improvements; (R) inventory turnover measurements; or (S) customer satisfaction based on specified objective goals or a Company-sponsored customer survey.
 Each such performance goal (1) may be expressed (x) with respect to the Company as a whole or with respect to one or more divisions or business units, (y) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis, (z) on an absolute and/or relative basis, and (2) may
 employ comparisons with past performance of the Company (including one or more divisions) and/or the current or past performance of other companies, and in the case of earnings-based measures, may employ comparisons to capital, stockholders'
 equity and shares outstanding. 

(ii) Applicability of GAAP . To the extent applicable, the measures used in performance goals set under the Program shall be determined in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and in a manner consistent with the methods used in the Company's regular reports on Forms 10 K and 10 Q, without regard to any of the following, unless otherwise determined by the Committee consistent with
 the requirements of section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code and the regulations thereunder:

(A) All

 items of gain, loss or expense for a fiscal year that are related to special, unusual or non-recurring items, events or circumstances affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company;

(B) All

 items of gain, loss or expense for a fiscal year that are related to (1) the disposal of a business or discontinued operations or (2) the operations of any business acquired by Company during the fiscal year;

(C) All items of gain, loss or expense for a fiscal year that are related to changes in accounting principles or to changes in applicable law or regulations. 

(D) To the extent any
 objective performance goals are expressed using cash flow(s) (including either operating or net cash flows) or any other earnings or sales-based measures that require deviations from GAAP, such deviations shall be at the discretion of the Committee
 and established at the time the applicable performance goals are established.

(iv) Performance Period . The Committee in its sole discretion shall determine the length of each performance period.

A-17 

(b) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation . Notwithstanding any other provision hereunder, if and to the extent that the Committee determines the Company's federal tax deduction
 in respect of an Award may be limited as a result of section 162(m) of the Code, with respect to Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, the Committee may require the Participant to surrender to the Committee any certificates with respect to
 Restricted Stock and agreements with respect to Restricted Stock Units, in order to cancel the awards of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units. In exchange for such cancellation, the Committee shall credit to a book account a cash
 amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Awards. The amount credited to the book account shall be paid to the Participant within 30 days after the date that compensation paid to the Participant no longer is subject to
 the deduction limitation under section 162(m) of the Code. The Participant shall have no rights in respect of such book account and the amount credited thereto shall not be transferable by the Participant other than by will or laws of descent
 and distribution. The Committee may credit additional amounts to such book account as it may determine in its sole discretion. Any book account created hereunder shall represent only an unfunded, unsecured promise by the Company to pay the
 amount credited thereto to the Participant in the future. 

17. Designation

 of Beneficiary . The Participant shall have the right to designate in writing from time to time a beneficiary or beneficiaries for any Award by filing a written notice of such designation with the Committee. If the Participant's
 beneficiary predeceases the Participant and no successor beneficiary is designated, or if no valid designation has been made, the Participant's beneficiary shall be the Participant's estate. In such an event, no payment shall be made unless the
 Committee shall have been furnished with such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the payment.

18. Tax
 Withholding . The Company shall withhold any taxes required to be withheld by federal, state or local government in connection with an Award. The Company shall have the right to require a Participant to remit to the Company an
 amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state and local withholding tax requirements prior to the delivery of any certificate or certificates for shares. A Participant may pay the withholding tax in cash, or, with the consent of the Committee or
 its delegate, or if the Agreement provides, a Participant may also elect to have the number of Shares he is to receive reduced by the smallest number of whole Shares which, when multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the shares determined as of the
 date on which the amount of tax to be withheld is determined, is sufficient to satisfy federal, state and local, if any, withholding taxes arising from the Award. Any such election must be made on or before the date on which the amount of tax
 required to be withheld is determined.

19. Right of
 Discharge Reserved . Nothing in the Program or in any Agreement shall confer upon any Participant the right to continue as an Employee or executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, or affect any right which the Company may
 have to terminate such Employee or executive officer.

A-18 

20. Amendment and
 Termination .

(a) In General . The Board may terminate the Program at any time, the Board or the Committee may amend the Program at any time, and the Committee may amend any
 outstanding Agreement at any time in any respect whatsoever, except that, other than pursuant to Section 15(b), no termination of the Program and no amendment to the Program or to an outstanding Agreement shall materially impair any rights or
 materially increase any obligations of any Participant under any Award without the prior written consent of the Participant (or, after the Participant's death, the person succeeding to the Participant's interests with respect to the Award). An
 amendment to an Award that is intended to qualify as qualified performance-based compensation within the meaning of section 162(m) of the Code shall be subject to stockholder approval to the extent necessary for the Award to continue to so qualify
 under section 162(m) of the Code. Any other amendment to an Award shall be subject to stockholder approval to the extent necessary to comply with other applicable laws or regulations.

(b) Repricing of Options and Cash Buyouts. Notwithstanding any provision in the Program to the contrary, neither the Board nor the Committee may, without obtaining
 prior approval by the Company's shareholders:

(i) Reduce

 the option price of any issued and outstanding Option granted under the Program at any time during the term of such option or increase the SAR Spread with respect to any Stock Appreciation Right (other than by adjustment pursuant to Section 4(c)
 relating to changes in capitalization);

(ii) Authorize

 the Company to purchase Options or exchange Options for cash or other property, except to the extent specifically authorized under circumstances described in Section 4(b), Section 15(b) or Section 18 relating to Immaculate Cashless Exercise, change
 in control and tax withholding, respectively.

21. Term of
 the Program . This Program initially became effective on May 22, 2007, the date approved by the stockholders of the Company, and was most recently amended and restated, prior to the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, effective
 February 23, 2011. The effectiveness of the amendment and restatement of the Program, including the merger of the Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. Senior Executive Phantom Stock Plan with and into the Program is conditioned on and subject to the
 approval of the Company's stockholders at the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2014. The Program shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the date on which all Common Stock available under this Program have been issued, (ii)
 the 10 th anniversary of the Effective Date, or (iii) the termination of this Program by the Committee subject to approval of the Board of Directors of the Company. No Award may be granted after the termination of the Program. Any
 outstanding Awards as of the date the Program terminates shall remain in full force and effect, subject to the terms of the Program and the relevant Agreement relating to such Award.

A-19 

22. Indemnification . Each person who is or shall have been a member of the
 Committee, or of the Board of Directors, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from and against any loss, cost, liability or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such person in connection with or resulting from
 any claim, action, suit or proceeding to which such person may be a party or in which such person may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Program and against and from any and all amounts paid by such person in
 settlement thereof with the Company's approval, or paid by such person in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such person, provided such person shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to
 handle and defend the same before such person undertakes to handle and defend it on such person's own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be
 entitled from the Company, as a matter of law, or otherwise.

23. Successors .
 All obligations of the Company under the Program, with respect to any Award granted hereunder, shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger
 consolidation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.

24. Severability .
 If any provision of the Program shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Program, and the Program shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid
 provision had not been included.

25. Governing
 Law . This Program and any grant of Awards made and any action taken hereunder shall be subject to and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflict of
 laws.

A-20 

VISHAY
 INTERTECHNOLOGY INC. 
 ANNEX A ISRAEL 
 TO THE 2007 STOCK INCENTIVE PROGRAM 

 (As amended and restated January 19, 2023) 

DEFINITIONS 

For purposes of this Annex and the Agreement, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) " Affiliate "
 any "employer" within the meaning of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance.

(b) " Approved
 102 Award " an Award granted pursuant to Section 102(b) of the Ordinance and held in trust or controlled by a Trustee for the benefit of the Participant.

(c) " Award 
 - for the purpose of this Annex, an Award shall include only Awards convertible into Shares.

(d) " Capital
 Gain Award (CGA )" an Approved 102 Award elected and designated by the Company to qualify under the capital gain tax treatment in accordance with the provisions of Section 102(b)(2)/(3) of the Ordinance.

(e) " Controlling

 Shareholder " shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 32(9) of the Ordinance.

(f) " Employee " shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Program, provided that only a person who is employed by an Affiliate (provided it is a company and not any other type of legal entity), including an
 individual who is serving as an office holder (as such term is defined in the Israeli Companies' Law, 5759-1999), shall be considered an Employee for purposes of the Annex, but excluding any Controlling Shareholder of the Company, all as determined
 in Section 102 of the Ordinance.

(g) " ITA "
 the Israeli Tax Authorities.

(h) " Non-Employee "
 anyone that is not an Employee.

(i) " Ordinary
 Income Award (OIA) " an Approved 102 Award elected and designated by the Company to qualify under the ordinary income tax treatment in accordance with the provisions of Section 102(b)(1) of the Ordinance.

(j) " 102
 Award " any Award granted to Employees pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance.

(k) " 3(i)
 Award " an Option or a Restricted Stock Unit granted pursuant to Section 3(i) of the Ordinance to any person who is a Non-Employee.

(l) " Ordinance "
 the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance [New Version] 1961 as now in effect or as hereafter amended.

A-21 

(m) " Section
 102 " Section 102 of the Ordinance and any regulations, rules, orders or procedures promulgated thereunder as now in effect or as hereafter amended.

(n) " Trustee "
 any individual or entity appointed by the Company or its Israeli Subsidiary to serve as a trustee and approved by the ITA, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance.

(o) " Unapproved

 102 Award " an Award granted pursuant to Section 102(c) of the Ordinance and not held in trust by a Trustee.

For the avoidance of any doubt, it is hereby clarified that any capitalized terms not specifically defined in this
 Annex shall be construed according to the interpretation given to it in the Program.

1. GENERAL 

1.1. This Annex (the " Annex ") shall apply only to Participants who are residents of the State of Israel or those who are deemed to be residents of the State of Israel for the payment of tax (hereinafter, the " Israeli Participant "). The provisions specified hereunder shall form an integral part of the 2007 Stock Incentive Program of Vishay Intertechnology Inc. as amended (hereinafter, the " Program "), which applies to the issuance of Awards to purchase Shares of Vishay Intertechnology Inc. (hereinafter, the " Company "). All capitalized terms that are not defined in this Annex A shall have the meaning given to such term in the Program. According to the Program, Awards to purchase the
 Company's Shares may be issued to employees, and officers of the Company or its subsidiaries and members of the Board.

1.2 This Annex is effective with respect to Awards granted following Amendment no. 132 of the
 Ordinance, which entered into force on January 1, 2003.

1.3 This Annex is to be read as a continuation of the Program and only modifies awards granted
 to Israeli Participants so that they comply with the requirements set by the Israeli law in general, and in particular with the provisions of Section 102 (as specified herein), as may be amended or replaced from time to time. For the avoidance of
 doubt, this Annex does not add to or modify the Program in respect of any other category of Participants.

1.4 The Program and this Annex are complimentary to each other and shall be deemed as one. In
 any case of contradiction, whether explicit or implied, between the provisions of this Annex and the Program, the provisions set out in the Annex shall prevail.

2. ISSUANCE
 OF AWARDS 

2.1 The persons eligible for participation in the Program as Israeli Participants and which are
 subject to this Annex shall include any Employees and/or Non-Employees; provided, however, that (i) Employees may only be granted 102 Awards; and (ii) Non-Employees and/or Controlling Shareholders of the Company may only be granted 3(i) Awards.

A-22 

2.2 The Company may designate Awards granted to Employees pursuant to Section 102 as Unapproved
 102 Awards or Approved 102 Awards.

2.3 The grant of Approved 102 Awards shall be made under this Annex adopted by the Board, and as
 approved by the ITA or as deemed to be approved by the ITA all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102.

2.4 Approved 102 Awards may either be classified as Capital Gain Awards (" CGAs ") or Ordinary Income Awards (" OIAs ").

2.5 No Approved 102 Awards may be granted under this Annex to any eligible Employee, unless and
 until, the Company's election of the type of Approved 102 Awards as CGA or OIA granted to Employees (the " Election "), is appropriately filed with the ITA.
 Such Election shall become effective beginning the first date of grant of an Approved 102 Award under this Annex and shall remain in effect at least until the end of the year following the year during which the Company first granted Approved 102
 Awards. The Election shall obligate the Company to grant only the type of Approved 102 Award it has elected, and shall apply to all Employees
 who were granted Approved 102 Awards during the period indicated herein, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102(g) of the Ordinance. For the avoidance of doubt, such Election shall not prevent the Company from granting Unapproved 102
 Awards simultaneously.

2.6 All Approved 102 Awards must be held in trust or controlled and supervised by a Trustee, as
 described in Section 3 below.

2.7 For the avoidance of doubt, the designation of Unapproved 102 Awards and Approved 102 Awards
 shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 102.

3. TRUSTEE 

3.1 Approved 102 Awards which shall be granted under this Annex and/or any Shares allocated or
 issued upon exercise or vesting of such Approved 102 Awards and/or other shares received subsequently following any realization of rights, including without limitation bonus shares, shall be allocated or issued to the Trustee and held for the
 benefit of the Employees or controlled and supervised by the Trustee (subject to the approval of the ITA) by the Trustee for at least such period of time as required by Section 102 or any regulations, rules or orders or procedures promulgated
 thereunder (the: " Holding Period "). In the case the requirements for Approved 102 Awards are not met, then the Approved 102 Awards may be regarded as
 Unapproved 102 Awards, or as Awards which are not subject to Section 102 or shall be subject to any other applicable provision of the Ordinance all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102.

A-23 

3.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Trustee shall not release any Approved 102
 Awards and/or Shares allocated or issued upon exercise or vesting of Approved 102 Awards prior to the full payment of the Israeli Participant's tax liabilities arising from Approved 102 Awards which were granted to him and/or any Shares allocated
 or issued upon exercise or vesting of such Awards.

3.3 With respect to any Approved 102 Award, subject to the provisions of Section 102 and any
 rules or regulation or orders or procedures promulgated thereunder, an Employee shall not sell or release from trust any Approved 102 Award and/or any Share received upon the exercise or vesting of an Approved 102 Award and/or any share received
 subsequently following any realization of rights, including without limitation, bonus shares, until the lapse of the Holding Period required under Section 102 of the Ordinance. Notwithstanding the above, if any such sale or release occurs during
 the Holding Period, the sanctions under Section 102 of the Ordinance and under any rules or regulation or orders or procedures promulgated thereunder shall apply to and shall be borne by such Participant.

3.4 Upon receipt of Approved 102 Award, the Participant will sign an undertaking in which he or
 she will give his or her consent to the grant of the Award under Section 102, and will undertake to comply with the terms of Section 102 and the trust agreement between the Company and the Trustee. 

4. THE AWARDS 

The terms and conditions, upon which the Awards shall be issued and exercised, shall be as specified in
 the Agreement to be executed pursuant to the Program and to this Annex. Each Agreement shall state, inter alia, the number of Shares to which the Award relates, the type of Award granted thereunder (whether a CGA, OIA, Unapproved 102 Award or a
 3(i) Award), the vesting provisions and the Exercise Price.

Further, the Israeli Participant agrees to execute and otherwise
 accept any and all documents that the Company, the applicable Affiliate employing the Israeli Participant, or the Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary in order to comply with the Ordinance, any rules, the terms of the Plan, this Annex
 or the Agreement.

5. FAIR
 MARKET VALUE 

Without derogating from the definition of "Fair Market Value" enclosed in the Program and solely for the
 purpose of determining the tax liability pursuant to Section 102(b)(3) of the Ordinance, if at the date of grant the Company's shares are listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system or if the Company's shares will be
 registered for trading within ninety (90) days following the date of grant of the CGAs, the fair market value of the Shares at the date of grant shall be determined in accordance with the average value of the Company's shares on the thirty (30)
 trading days preceding the date of grant or on the thirty (30) trading days following the date of registration for trading, as the case may be.

6. ASSIGNABILITY

 AND SALE OF AWARDS 

6.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Program, no Award or any right with respect
 thereto, purchasable hereunder, whether fully paid or not, shall be assignable, transferable or given as collateral or any right with respect to them given to any third party whatsoever, and during the lifetime of the Participant each and all of
 such Participant's rights to purchase Shares hereunder shall be exercisable only by the Participant. Any such action made directly or indirectly, for an immediate validation or for a future one, shall be void.

A-24 

6.2 As long as Approved

 102 Awards and/ or underlying Shares are held by the Trustee on behalf of the Employee, all rights of the Employee over such Awards and/or underlying Shares are personal,
 may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or mortgaged, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102, unless other than by will or laws of descent and
 distribution and after the required taxes and payments have been fully made or secured. In the event that such Awards and/or underlying Shares have been transferred by will or laws of descent and distribution, the provisions of Section 102 shall
 continue to apply on the heirs and transferees respectively. 

6.3 A Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to any Shares covered by an Award until the Participant becomes
 the record holder of the subject Shares. In the case of Approved 102 Awards (if such Awards are being held by a Trustee), the Trustee shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Shares covered by such Award until the
 Trustee becomes the record holder for such Shares for the Participant s benefit, and the Participant shall not be deemed to be a shareholder and shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Shares covered by the Award
 until the date of the release of such Shares from the Trustee to the Participant and the transfer of record ownership of such Shares to the Participant (provided however that the Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Trustee any cash
 dividend or distribution made on account of the Shares held by the Trustee for such Participant s benefit, subject to any tax withholding and compulsory payment). 

7. INTEGRATION

 OF SECTION 102 AND TAX ASSESSING OFFICER'S PERMIT 

7.1 With regards to Approved 102 Awards, the provisions of the Program and/or the Annex and/or
 the Agreement shall be subject to the provisions of Section 102 and the Tax Assessing Officer's permit, and any tax ruling received in connection with the Program and this Annex, and any approval or ITA's issued guidelines and the said provisions,
 tax rulings, approval, guidance and permit shall be deemed an integral part of the Program and of the Annex and of the Agreement.

7.2 Any provision of Section 102 and/or the said permit and/or tax ruling and/or ITA's issued
 guidelines, which is necessary in order to receive and/or to keep any tax benefit pursuant to Section 102, which is not expressly specified in the Program or the Annex or the Agreement, shall be considered binding upon the Company and the
 Participants, provided that such provision is not inconsistent with the Program.

8. DIVIDEND 

Subject to the Company's Incorporation Documents, with respect to all Shares (but excluding, for
 avoidance of any doubt, any unvested and/or unexercised Awards) allocated or issued upon the exercise or vesting of Awards and held by the Participant or by the Trustee as the case may be, the Participant shall be entitled to receive dividends in
 accordance with the quantity of such shares, and subject to any applicable taxation on distribution of dividends, and when applicable subject to the provisions of Section 102 and the rules, regulations or orders promulgated thereunder.

9. TAX
 CONSEQUENCES 

9.1 Any tax consequences arising from the grant, vesting or exercise of any Award, from the
 payment for or sale of the Shares covered thereby or from any other event or act (of the Company, and/or its Affiliates, and the Trustee or the Participant), hereunder, shall be borne solely by the Participant. The Company and/or its Affiliates,
 and/or the Trustee shall withhold taxes according to the requirements under the applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including withholding taxes at source. Furthermore, the Participant shall agree to indemnify the Company and/or its Affiliates
 and/or the Trustee and hold them harmless against and from any and all liability for any such tax or interest or penalty thereon, including without limitation, liabilities relating to the necessity to withhold, or to have withheld, any such tax
 from any payment made to the Participant.

A-25 

9.2 Participant may pay the withholding tax in cash, or, if the Agreement provides, a
 Participant may also elect to have the number of Shares he is to receive reduced by the number of whole Shares which, when multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the shares determined as of the date on which the amount of tax to be withheld is
 determined, is sufficient to satisfy the withholding taxes arising from the Award. Any such election must be made on or before the date on which the amount of tax required to be withheld is determined.

9.3 The Company and/or, when applicable, the Trustee shall not be required to release any share
 certificate to a Participant until all required payments have been fully made. In the event that the Company, or its Affiliates, or the Trustee, as applicable, is uncertain as to the sum of the full tax payment due or which is subject to
 withholding, the Company or the Trustee, as applicable, may refuse to release the Shares until such time as the ITA verifies the sum of the full tax payment which is due, and the Participant shall not have any claims in connection with such
 refusal.

9.4 With respect to Unapproved 102 Award, if the Participant ceases to be employed by the
 Company or any Affiliate, the Participant shall extend to the Company and/or its Affiliate a security or guarantee for the payment of tax due at the time of sale of Shares, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102 and the rules,
 regulation or orders promulgated thereunder.

9.5 For avoidance of doubt it is clarified that the tax treatment of any Awards granted under
 the Plan and this Annex is not guaranteed and although Awards may be granted under a certain tax route, they may become subject to a different tax route in the future.

9.6 For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Approved 102 Awards: (i)
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Program, payment upon exercise of Options granted under the CGA may only be paid by cash or check or by a reduction of Shares pursuant to a cashless exercise or net exercise arrangement (to the
 extent permitted by the Board and/or Committee and provided that the application of cashless exercise with respect to Approved 102 Awards may be subject to obtaining a ruling from the ITA, to the extent required under applicable law), and not by
 surrender of Shares, or other forms of payment, unless and to the extent permitted under Section 102 and as expressly authorized by the ITA; (ii) certain adjustments and modifications to the terms of Awards granted under the CGA, may disqualify
 the Awards from benefitting from the tax benefits under the CGA, unless the prior approval of the ITA is obtained; (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, Awards granted under the CGA may only be settled in Shares and not in
 cash, unless and to the extent permitted under Section 102 and as expressly authorized by the ITA; (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Board s and/or Committee s ability to determine, alter, vary or adjust performance
 objectives with respect to Awards, and to grant Awards subject to performance goals and measurements, may require obtaining a specific tax ruling or the approval of the ITA in order for such Awards to qualify under the CGA, and the grant of
 performance based Approved 102 Awards is subject to the applicable guidelines published by the ITA with respect to the performance conditions; (v) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, any extension of the exercise period,
 repricing, of exercise price, or amendment of the Award terms by the Board or Committee, may disqualify the Award from benefitting from the tax benefits under the CGA, unless the prior approval of the ITA is obtained; and (vi) notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary in the Plan, hereunder, or otherwise, in the event of a distribution of cash dividend by the Company to all holders of Shares, the Committee shall have the authority to determine, without the need for a consent of any
 holder of an Award, that the Exercise Price of any Award, which is outstanding and unexercised on the record date of such distribution, shall be reduced by an amount equal to the per Share gross dividend amount distributed by the Company, and the
 Committee may determine that the Exercise Price following such reduction shall be not less than the par value of a Stock, provided that the application of this cash dividend adjustment with respect to any Options granted as an Approved 102 Award
 shall be subject to obtaining a ruling from the ITA, to the extent required by applicable law and subject to the terms and conditions of any such ruling. 

10. GOVERNING
 LAW JURISDICTION 

This Annex, as it relates to Section 102 of the Ordinance, shall be governed by and construed and
 enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. The competent courts of the Tel-Aviv District in Israel will have
 exclusive jurisdiction in any matters pertaining to this Annex.

A-26 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 vsh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 vsh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 vsh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 vsh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 vsh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

