<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230321_10-K_edgar_data_47307_0001437749-23-007323.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9378575</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180384</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1445713</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2743285</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2402659</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2369096</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-007323.hdr.sgml : 20230321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230321090531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-007323
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CRAWFORD UNITED Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000047307
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		IRS NUMBER:				340288470
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00147
		FILM NUMBER:		23747966

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10514 DUPONT AVE
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2165418060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10514 DUPONT AVE
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HICKOK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HICKOK ELECTRICAL INSTRUMENT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-007323.txt : 20230321

10-K
 1
 crawa20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

crawa20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to 
 Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

1

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s access of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the Registrant had 2,744,239 voting Class A Common Shares outstanding and 731,848 voting Class B Common Shares outstanding. As of such date, non-affiliates held 969,015 Class A Common Shares and 158,098 Class B Common Shares. As of June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 21.80 per Class A Common Share on the OTC Pink Open Market, the aggregate market value of the Class A Common Shares held by such non-affiliates was approximately . There is no trading market in the Class B Common Shares. 
 
 As of February 18, 2023, Class A Common Shares and Class B Common Shares were outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 
 
 Portions of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) of this report. 
 
 Except as otherwise stated, the information contained in this Form 10-K is as of December 31, 2022. 

2

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

PART I. 
 4 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 7 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 13 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 13 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 13 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 14 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT 
 14 

PART II. 
 15 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 15 

ITEM 6. 
 15 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 16 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 22 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 22 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 53 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 53 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 55 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 55 

PART III. 
 56 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 56 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 56 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 56 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 56 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 56 

PART IV. 
 57 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 57 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 57 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 61 

SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 62 

3

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 General Development of Business 
 Crawford United was founded in 1910 and organized in 1915 as an Ohio corporation, and first offered its securities to the public in 1959. Except as otherwise stated, the terms "Company" or "Crawford United" as used herein mean Crawford United and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, CAD Enterprises Inc., Data Genomix LLC, Federal Hose Manufacturing LLC, Crawford AE LLC doing business as Air Enterprises, Marine Products International LLC, Komtek Forge LLC, Global-Tek-Manufacturing LLC, Global-Tek Colorado LLC, Emergency Hydraulics LLC, Knitting Machinery Company of America, LLC, Reverso Pumps LLC and Separ America LLC. Crawford United Corporation is a growth-oriented holding company providing specialty industrial products to diverse markets, including healthcare, aerospace, defense, education, transportation, and petrochemical. 
 
 The Company reports operations for two business segments: (1) Commercial Air Handling Equipment and (2) Industrial and Transportation Products. The identification of our operating segments is based on guidance in ASC 280 Segment Reporting . The Company's management evaluates segment performance based primarily on operating income. Interest expense directly related to financing the acquisition of a business is allocated to that respective segment. Intangible assets are allocated to each segment and the related amortization of these assets are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. Beginning in 2022, the Company ceased allocating corporate costs to the respective segments. 
 
 Both the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment and the Industrial and Transportation Products segment engage in business activities from which they may recognize revenues and incur expenses, including revenue and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the Company. The operating results for both the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment and the Industrial and Transportation Products segment are reviewed regularly by our chief operating decision maker and is considered in making decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment in assessing its performance. Financial information for both segments is available in internal financial statements that are prepared on a monthly basis. 
 
 Commercial Air Handling Equipment: 
 The Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment was added June 1, 2017, when the Company purchased certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of Air Enterprises Acquisition LLC in Akron, Ohio. The acquired business, which operates under the name Air Enterprises, is an industry leader in designing, manufacturing and installing large-scale commercial, institutional, and industrial custom air handling solutions. Its customers are typically in the health care, education, pharmaceutical and industrial manufacturing markets in the United States. This segment also sells to select international markets. The custom air handling units are constructed of non-corrosive aluminum, resulting in sustainable, long-lasting, and energy efficient solutions with life expectancies of 50 years or more. These products are distributed through a network of sales representatives, based on relationships with health care networks, building contractors and engineering firms. The custom air handling equipment is designed, manufactured and installed under the brand names FactoryBilt and SiteBilt . FactoryBilt air handling solutions are designed, fabricated and assembled in a vertically integrated process entirely within the Akron, Ohio facility. SiteBilt air handling solutions are designed and fabricated in Akron, but are then crated and shipped to the field and assembled on-site. 
 
 Industrial and Transportation Products: 
 The Industrial and Transportation Products segment was added July 1, 2016, when the Company purchased the assets of the Federal Hose Manufacturing, LLC of Painesville, Ohio. This business segment includes the manufacture of flexible interlocking metal hoses and the distribution of silicone and hydraulic hoses. Metal hoses are sold primarily to major heavy-duty truck manufacturers and major aftermarket suppliers in North America. Metal hoses are also sold into the agricultural, industrial and petrochemical markets. Silicone hoses are distributed to a number of industries in North America, including agriculture and general industrial markets. The Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of CAD Enterprises, Inc.( CAD in Phoenix, Arizona on July 1, 2018. CAD provides complete end-to-end engineering, machining, grinding, welding, brazing, heat treat and assembly solutions. Utilizing state-of-the-art machining and welding technologies, this segment is an industry leader in providing complex components produced from nickel-based superalloys and stainless steels. CAD s quality certifications include ISO 9001:2015/AS9100D, as well as Nadcap accreditation for Fluorescent Penetrant Inspection (FPI), Heat Treating/Braze, Non-Conventional Machining EDM, and TIG/E-Beam welding. The Company added the distribution of marine hose to this segment through the acquisition of the assets of MPI Products, Inc. MPI on January 2, 2020. MPI specializes in rubber and plastic marine hose for the recreational boating industry. MPI offers certified products that meet marine industry standards and regulations. Effective April 19, 2019, the Company, completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Data Genomix, Inc., an Ohio corporation DG ). DG is in the business of developing and commercializing marketing and data analytic technology applications. The Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of KT Acquisition LLC (name later changed to Komtek Forge LLC), in Worcester, Massachusetts on January 15, 2021. Komtek Forge LLC is a supplier of highly engineered forgings for the aerospace, industrial gas turbine, medical prosthetics, alternative energy, petrochemical and defense industries. The Company purchased all of the membership interests of Global-Tek-Manufacturing LLC Global-Tek ), in Ceiba, Puerto Rico and substantially all of the assets of Machining Technology LLC (name later changed to Global-Tek Colorado LLC or Global-Tek Colorado in Longmont, Colorado on March 2, 2021. Global-Tek and Global-Tek Colorado specialize in providing customers with highly engineered manufacturing solutions, including CNC machining, anodizing, electro polishing and laser marking for customers in the defense, aerospace and medical device markets. The Company purchased substantially all of the assets of Emergency Hydraulics LLC Emergency Hydraulics ), in Ocala, Florida on July 1, 2021. Emergency Hydraulics provides hydraulic hoses, air tank assemblies and related products to manufacturers of firefighting trucks and other emergency vehicles. The company purchased substantially all of the assets of Crawford REV Acquisition Company LLC (name later changed to Reverso Pumps LLC or Reverso Pumps ), in Davie, Florida on January 10, 2022. Reverso Pumps develops, designs, manufactures, sells and distributes oil change systems, fuel and oil transfer pumps, fuel primers, fuel polishing systems and engine flushing systems. 

4

Table of Contents 

The company purchased substantially all of the assets of Crawford SEP Acquisition Company LLC (name later changed to Separ America LLC or Separ America ), in Davie, Florida on January 10, 2022. Separ America develops, designs, manufactures, sells and distributes oil change systems, fuel and oil transfer pumps, fuel primers, fuel polishing systems and engine flushing systems. The company purchased substantially all of the assets of KMC Corp. dba Knitting Machinery Corp. Knitting Machinery ), in Cleveland, Ohio and Greenville, Ohio on May 1, 2022. Knitting Machinery specializes in manufacturing hose reinforcement machinery for the plastic, rubber and silicone industries. 
 
 The factors used to determine the Company s reportable segments follow the guidance of ASC 280-10-50-21 and 50-10-22 and include consideration of the type of products or services delivered, the customers and end markets served, the appliable revenue recognition methodology and the length of time it takes to deliver products or services to customers. The Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment was identified as a reportable segment consisting of Air Enterprises, because Air Enterprises is strategically and operationally different from our other companies in several ways. First, Air Enterprises sells equipment to end customers and our other businesses that fall into the Industrial and Transportation Products segment sell products and components to end customers, not equipment. Second, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment delivers custom air handling solutions to customers which is different than the Industrial and Transportation Products segment which delivers manufactured metal, silicone, hydraulic and marine hoses, complex engineered components, highly engineered forgings, highly engineered and machined parts and data analytic technology applications. Third, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment serves customers primarily in the health care and education end markets while the Industrial and Transportation Products segment delivers products to customers in the heavy-duty truck manufacturing, agricultural, industrial, petrochemical, aerospace, defense, industrial gas turbine, medical prosthetics, alternative energy and emergency vehicle end markets. Fourth, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment recognizes revenue primarily over time while the Industrial and Transportation Products segment recognizes revenue primarily at a point in time. Fifth, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment manufactures custom air handling solutions for customers over a period of three to eighteen months from the time the order is received to the time the air handling solution is delivered to the end customer as compared to the Industrial and Transportation Products segment which sells and delivers products to customers much more quickly, often within 30 days or less. For the reasons previously mentioned, Air Enterprises is strategically and operationally different than the other businesses owned by the Company and management finds it useful to include this business in the Commercial Air Handling Segment which is separate and distinct from all of our other businesses that reside in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment. 
 
 Corporate: 
 Corporate costs are aggregated here. 

5

Table of Contents 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
 Raw materials essential to the business segments are acquired from a large number of domestic manufacturers and some materials are purchased from European and Southeast Asian sources. 
 The Industrial and Transportation products segment uses various materials in the manufacture of its products. These include forgings and castings, steel fittings and hose packing consisting of silicone, cotton and copper wire. Seven suppliers provide approximately 55 of inventory purchases in this segment. If any one of these sources of supply were interrupted for any reason, the Company would need to devote additional time and expense in obtaining the same volume of supply from its other qualified sources. 
 
 Aluminum, the major raw material used in construction of the Commercial Air Handling units, is sourced from two major suppliers but is generally readily available from other sources. Copper is used by suppliers of a major component used in the product and the Company maintains relationships with three suppliers of these components to limit vulnerability. The Company maintains relationships with multiple suppliers for most of the other componentry used in assembly of the product, in order to maintain best costs for material and competitive lead times. The majority of materials for this segment are sourced domestically or from Canada. 
 
 The Company believes it has adequate sources of supply for its primary raw materials and components and has not had difficulty in obtaining the raw materials, component parts or finished goods from its suppliers. 
 
 Importance of Patents, Licenses, Franchises, Trademarks and Concessions 
 The Company s Data Genomix LLC subsidiary holds a patent on technology used to facilitate highly targeted advertising to identified audience members across social media channels. Other than the names Federal Hose , Marine Products International and CAD Enterprises , Global-Tek , Komtek Forge , Reverso Pumps , and Air Enterprises and the FactoryBilt and SiteBilt registered trademarks, the Company does not have any material licenses, franchises or concessions. 
 
 Seasonality 
 In light of the markets served by its products, the Company does not believe that its Commercial Air Handling segment nor its Industrial and Transportation Products segment businesses are seasonal in nature. 
 
 Dependence on Customers 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales to nine customers in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment were 17.0 of consolidated sales of the Company, while sales to nine customers in the Industrial and Transportation products segment accounted for 22.5 of consolidated sales of the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales to nine customers in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment were 14 of consolidated sales of the Company, while sales to nine customers in the Industrial and Transportation products segment accounted for 34 of consolidated sales of the Company. The Company has long-term contractual relationships with a large customer in the Industrial and Transportation products segment. Sales to this large customer for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6.7 of consolidated sales of the Company compared to 11.4 of consolidated sales of the Company in prior year. 
 
 Competitive Conditions 
 The Company is engaged in highly competitive industries and faces competition from domestic and international firms. Competition in the Industrial and Transportation products segment comes from domestic and international suppliers. The Company believes that it has a strong competitive position due to its expertise, certifications, long term customer contracts, and reputation for excellent quality. Competition in the Commercial Air Handling segment comes from both custom and non-custom air handling solution manufacturers. The Company believes that it has a strong competitive position due to the high quality and long life of the Company s customized aluminum air handling solutions. 
 
 Number of Persons Employed 
 Total employment by the Company was 387 full-time employees at December 31, 2022, compared to 451 full-time employees at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Available Information 
 The Company's Internet address is http://www.crawfordunited.com/. Crawford United makes available free of charge on or through its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and amendments and supplements to those reports and statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such materials with, or furnishes them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains these documents at www.sec.gov . 

6

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition . 
 
 Company Risk Factors 
 The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected our operations and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Our business is exposed to risk from public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic led to disruptions in our operations and adversely affected our business, due to many factors, including preventative measures such as imposition by government authorities of mandatory closures, work-from-home orders and social distancing protocols, increased employee absenteeism due to illness and/or quarantine requirements, and other restrictions that adversely affected our ability to adequately staff and maintain our operations and secure raw materials, components and supplies for our facilities, and adversely affected the operations of our customers. While the direct impact of COVID-19 and many of the preventative measures and adverse effects moderated in 2022, any resurgence of COVID-19 (or outbreak of any other epidemic or pandemic) or the restatement of similar preventative measures in the future could negatively impact our business, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets may adversely affect our business and results of operations . 
 
 We may experience substantial increases and decreases in business volume throughout economic cycles. Industries we serve, including the heavy-duty truck, industrial equipment, aircraft, health care, education, pharmaceutical, industrial manufacturing, agricultural, marine, and petrochemical industries are sensitive to general economic conditions. Slower global economic growth or an economic recession, inflationary economic conditions, volatility in the currency and credit markets, high levels of unemployment or underemployment, reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes or anticipation of potential changes in government trade, fiscal, tax and monetary policies, public health crises, capital deficiencies and/or changes in capital requirements for financial institutions, government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration, austerity measures and other challenges that affect the global economy may adversely affect us and our distributors, customers and suppliers, including having the effect of: 

reducing demand for our products, limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; 

increasing the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; 

increasing price competition in our served markets; 

further increases in supply, freight and labor costs; 

supply interruptions or delays, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; 

increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations; and 

adversely impacting market sizes and growth rates. 

7

Table of Contents 

If growth in the global economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in the global economy or such markets or if improvements in the global economy do not benefit the markets we serve, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Significant developments or uncertainties stemming from U.S. laws and policies, including changes in U.S. trade policies, tariffs and the reaction of other countries thereto, could have an adverse effect on our business . 
 
 Changes, potential changes or uncertainties in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate, could adversely affect our business and financial results. For example, increases in tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States, and substantial changes to the trade agreements, have adversely affected, and in the future could further adversely affect, our business and results of operations. Furthermore, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions on products and materials that we or our customers and suppliers export or import could affect demand for our products. Direct or indirect consequences of tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions may also alter the competitive landscape of our products in one or more regions of the world. Trade tensions or other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies has the potential to negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Union governments, among others, have developed coordinated sanctions packages. As the military conflict in Ukraine continues, there can be no certainty regarding whether such governments or other governments will impose additional sanctions or other economic or military measures against Russia. The impact of the military conflict in Ukraine, including further economic sanctions or expanded war or military conflict, as well as potential responses to them by Russia, could adversely affect our business, supply chain, suppliers or customers. 
 
 Decreased availability or increased costs of materials could increase our costs of producing our products . 
 
 We purchase raw materials, fabricated components, some finished goods and services from a variety of suppliers. Where appropriate, we employ contracts with our suppliers, both domestic and international. From time to time, however, the prices, availability, or quality of these materials fluctuate due to global market demands, import duties and tariffs, freight and labor availability and costs, economic conditions, or other conditions such as public health crises, which could impair our ability to procure necessary materials or increase the cost of these materials. Further, inflationary and other increases in costs of materials have occurred and may persist or recur from time to time. In addition, freight costs associated with shipping products and receiving materials are impacted by fluctuations in the cost of oil and gas, shipping capacity and labor shortages. A reduction in the supply, further increases in the cost or changes in quality of those materials could impact our ability to manufacture our products and could increase the cost of production, which could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 
 
 Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality . 
 
 Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Any economic decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial results. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience seasonality or other periodic, cyclical downturns. Demand for our products is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, marketing, new product introductions, changes in distributor or customer inventory levels due to distributor or customer management thereof or other factors. Any of these factors could adversely affect our growth and results of operations in any given period. 

8

Table of Contents 

Our revolving credit facility contains various covenants limiting the discretion of our management in operating our business, including requiring us to maintain a maximum fixed charge coverage ratio . 
 
 Our revolving credit facility contains various restrictive covenants and restrictions, including financial covenants that limit management s discretion in operating our business. In particular, these instruments limit our ability to, among other things: 

incur additional debt; 

grant liens on assets; 

make investments, including capital expenditures; 

sell or acquire assets outside the ordinary course of business; 

engage in transactions with affiliates; and 

make fundamental business changes. 

The revolving credit facility also requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.20 to 1.00. If we fail to comply with the restrictions in the revolving credit facility or any other current or future financing agreements, a default may allow the creditors under the relevant agreements to accelerate the related debts and to exercise their remedies under these agreements, which typically will include the right to declare the principal amount of that debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest, and other related amounts, immediately due and payable, to exercise any remedies the creditors may have to foreclose on assets that are subject to liens securing that debt, and to terminate any commitments they had made to supply further funds. The exercise of any default remedies by our creditors would have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance working capital needs and capital expenditures. 
 
 We are dependent on key customers. 
 
 We rely on several key customers. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 29 of our net sales. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 38 of our net sales. Due to competitive issues, we have lost key customers in the past and may again in the future. Customer orders are dependent upon their markets and may be subject to delays or cancellations. As a result of dependence on our key customers, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations if any of the following were to occur: 

the loss of any key customer, in whole or in part; 

the insolvency or bankruptcy of any key customer; 

a declining market in which customers reduce orders or demand reduced prices; or 

a strike or work stoppage at a key customer facility, which could affect both their suppliers and customers. 

If any of our key customers become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover accounts receivable from that customer would be adversely affected and any payments we received in the preference period prior to a bankruptcy filing may be potentially forfeitable, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our acquisition of businesses could negatively impact our financial results . 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we acquire businesses. Acquisitions involve a number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including the following, any of which could adversely affect our business and our financial results: 

any business that we acquire could under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid or not perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable, or we could fail to operate any such business profitably; 

acquisitions could cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community s expectations in any given period, or over the long-term; 

9

Table of Contents 

pre-closing and post-closing earnings charges could adversely impact operating results in any given period, and the impact may be substantially different from period-to-period; 

acquisitions could create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we are unable to effectively address; 

we could experience difficulty in integrating personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers; 

we may be unable to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with an acquisition; or 

we may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated or internal control deficiencies from the acquired company s activities and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies may increase our expenses or adversely affect our financial position. 

Future claims, litigation and regulatory actions could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct our business. 
 
 While we strive to ensure that our products comply with applicable government regulatory standards and internal requirements and that our products perform effectively and safely, customers from time to time could claim that our products do not meet contractual requirements, and users could be harmed by use or misuse of our products. This could give rise to breach of contract, warranty or recall claims, or claims for negligence, product liability, strict liability, personal injury or property damage. Product liability insurance coverage may not be available or adequate in all circumstances. In addition, claims may arise related to patent infringement, environmental liabilities, distributor terminations, commercial contracts, antitrust or competition law, employment law and employee benefits issues and other regulatory matters. While we have in place processes and policies to mitigate these risks and to investigate and address such claims as they arise, we cannot predict the underlying costs to defend or resolve such claims. 
 
 Our business operations could be significantly disrupted by the loss of any members of our senior management team and segment leaders. 
 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our senior management team and segment leaders. Our senior management team has extensive marketing, sales, manufacturing, finance and engineering experience, and we believe that the depth of our management team is instrumental to our continued success. The loss of any of our key managers in the future could significantly impede our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, financial plans, expansion of services, marketing and other objectives. 
 
 A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or data could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations . 
 
 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees and customers), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products and fulfilling contractual obligations). These systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, customers or suppliers. Our information technology systems may be exposed to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and employee relationships and our reputation or result in defective products, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations. 

10

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors 
 
 We are engaged in highly competitive industries and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. 
 
 Our businesses operate in industries that are highly competitive. In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products to maintain and expand our brand recognition and position in various product categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our financial results. 
 
 Adverse credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital, cost of capital and ability to meet liquidity needs. 
 
 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit markets may adversely impact our ability to access credit already arranged and the availability and cost of credit to us in the future. These market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities and access the capital necessary to grow and maintain our business. Accordingly, we may be forced to delay raising capital or pay unattractive interest rates, which could increase our interest expense, decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. Longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of the uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business. Any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures include deferring capital expenditures or other discretionary uses of cash. Overall, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets. 
 
 Our business is subject to a variety of domestic and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection. 
 
 The processing and storage of certain information is increasingly subject to privacy and data security regulations and many such regulations are country-specific. The interpretation and application of data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere, including but not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act and the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), are uncertain, evolving and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. Complying with these various laws may be difficult and could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. We may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information privacy and security measures, investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities and/or comply with regulatory requirements. 
 
 Changes in foreign, cultural, political and financial market conditions could impair the Company s operations and financial performance. 
 
 The economies of foreign countries important to the Company s operations could suffer slower economic growth or economic, social and/or political instability or hyperinflation in the future. The Company s international operations, including sourcing operations (and the international operations of the Company s customers), are subject to inherent risks which could adversely affect the Company, including, among other things: 

protectionist policies restricting or impairing the manufacturing, sales or import and export of the Company s products, including tariffs and countermeasures; 

new restrictions on access to markets; 

lack of developed infrastructure; 

inflation (including hyperinflation) or recession; 

devaluations or fluctuations in the value of currencies; 

changes in and the burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, tax laws, accounting standards, trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements, environmental laws and occupational health and safety laws; 

social, political or economic instability; 

11

Table of Contents 

acts of war and terrorism, military conflict and international hostilities, and changes in diplomatic or trade relationships including any retaliatory measures, sanctions, tariffs or other restrictions on commercial activity imposed in response to any acts of war, terrorism or military conflicts; 

natural disasters or other crises; 

reduced protection of intellectual property rights; and 

increases in duties and taxation; 

The foregoing could create uncertainty surrounding the Company s business and the business of existing and future customers and suppliers, which could increase the cost of some of the Company s products, thereby reducing its margins. Further, the foregoing risks could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s ability to commercialize its products on a competitive basis in the international markets and may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Company s small sales volume in some countries, relative to some multinational and local competitors, could exacerbate such risks. 
 
 Should any of these risks occur, the Company s ability to sell or export its products could be impaired; the Company could experience a loss of sales and profitability from its international operations; and/or the Company could experience a substantial impairment or loss of assets, any of which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business. 
 
 The military conflict in Ukraine has resulted in substantial economic sanctions by the U.S. and other countries against Russia including restrictions on selling or importing goods, services or technology in or from affected regions and travel bans and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, business and financial organizations in Russia. The U.S. and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions if the conflict continues or further escalates. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets, all of which could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The elimination of or change in the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) may adversely affect the interest rates on and value of certain floating rate securities and other instruments that we hold. 
 
 LIBOR was a common benchmark interest rate (or reference rate) used to set and make adjustments to interest rates for certain floating rate securities and other financial instruments. Financial institutions are discontinuing the use of LIBOR and adopting alternative reference rates including the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), but the acceptance of such alternative rates and their applicability to existing instruments continues to develop. Any uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of SOFR and other alternative reference rates as benchmark interest rates could also adversely affect the value of certain floating rate securities, loans and other instruments. The consequences of these cannot be entirely predicted but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness causing a negative impact on our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. Specifically, the use of an alternative reference rate could result in increased costs, including increased interest expense on our borrowings, and increased borrowing costs in the future. 
 
 Unforeseen future events may negatively impact our economic condition. 
 
 Future events may occur that would adversely affect the reported value of our assets. Such events may include, but are not limited to, strategic decisions made in response to changes in economic and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on our customer base, or a material adverse change in our relationship with significant customers. 

12

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 The Company operates facilities in the United States of America and Puerto Rico. The following table provides information relative to our principal facilities as of December 31, 2022: 

LOCATION 
 
 SIZE 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 OWNED OR LEASED 

Akron, OH 
 
 100,000 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for design and manufacturing air handling units and administration 
 
 Leased through 2024, with renewal options extending through 2034. 

Ceiba, Puerto Rico 
 
 11,467 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for manufacturing and precision machining of industrial components. 
 
 Leased through 2026. 

Cleveland, Ohio 
 
 37,000 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for corporate administrative headquarters. 
 
 Owned 

Eastlake, Ohio 
 
 51,520 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for the storage and distribution of marine hose and administration 
 
 Leased through 2027. 

Longmont, Colorado 
 
 2,400 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for manufacturing and precision machining of industrial components. 
 
 Leased, through 2024. 

Ocala, Florida 
 
 27,000 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for the storage of hydraulic hose. 
 
 Leased, through 2024. 

Davie, Florida 
 
 7,010 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for the manufacturing, storage and distribution of fuel pump products and administration. 
 
 Leased, through 2025. 

Painesville, Ohio 
 
 50,000 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for manufacturing flexible metal hose and administration. 
 
 Leased, through 2026. 

Phoenix, Arizona 
 
 67,000 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for manufacturing and precision machining of aerospace components. 
 
 Leased through 2026. 

Worcester, Massachusetts 
 
 56,706 Sq. Ft. 
 
 Used for manufacturing of highly engineered forgings. 
 
 Leased through 2033. 

The Company's headquarters and executive offices are located in Cleveland, Ohio. The Company's Industrial and Transportation Products segment utilizes the Phoenix, Arizona; Worcester, Massachusetts; Longmont, Colorado; Ceiba, Puerto Rico; Painesville, Ohio; Eastlake, Ohio; Ocala, Florida; and Davie, Florida properties. The Company s Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment utilizes the Akron, Ohio property. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 At the time of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there were no material legal proceedings pending or threatened against the Company. 

13

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT. 
 The following is a list of the executive officers of the Company. The executive officers are elected each year and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Mr. Brian E. Powers was elected to the Company s Board of Directors in February 2014. He was appointed Chief Executive Officer on September 1, 2016. 
 
 Mr. John P. Daly became Chief Financial Officer on September 8, 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Daly served as the Director of Financial Planning and Analysis for Park Place Technologies from 2017 to 2020 and as Senior Finance Manager for Beam Suntory from 2012 to 2017. 

OFFICE 
 OFFICER 
 AGE 

Chief Executive Officer 
 Brian E. Powers 
 60 

Chief Financial Officer 
 John P. Daly 
 45 

The description of Executive Officers called for in this Item is included pursuant to the instructions to Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 

14

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 a) MARKET INFORMATION 
 The Company s Class A Common Shares are traded on the OTC Pink Open Market under the symbol CRAWA . There is no market for the Company s Class B Common Shares. 
 
 The following table sets forth the per share range of high and low bids for the Company s Class A Common Shares for the periods indicated, as reported by the OTC Pink Open Market. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not represent actual transactions. Trading on the OTC Pink Open Market is limited and the prices quoted by brokers are not a reliable indication of the value of our common stock. 

Fiscal year ended 

Fiscal year ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

HIGH 

LOW 

HIGH 

LOW 

First Quarter 

32.00 

26.35 

30.15 

17.65 

Second Quarter 

30.00 

21.01 

30.00 

25.13 

Third Quarter 

22.50 

17.73 

35.70 

29.68 

Fourth Quarter 

19.88 

12.25 

35.00 

28.65 

b) HOLDERS 
 As of February 18, 2022, there were approximately 162 shareholders of record of the Company's outstanding Class A Common Shares and 7 holders of record of the Company's outstanding Class B Common Shares. 
 
 ITEM 6. 

15

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 Items Affecting the Comparability of our Financial Results 
 
 The Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of KT Acquisition LLC (name later changed to Komtek Forge LLC Komtek ), in Worcester, Massachusetts on January 15, 2021. 
 
 The Company purchased all of the membership interests of Global-Tek Manufacturing LLC Global-Tek Manufacturing in Ceiba, Puerto Rico and substantially all of the assets of Machining Technology L.L.C. Global-Tek Colorado ), in Longmont, Colorado on March 2, 2021. Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado are collectively referred to as Global-Tek . 
 
 The Company purchased substantially all of the operating assets of Emergency Hydraulics LLC, Emergency Hydraulics in Ocala, Florida on July 1, 2021. 
 
 The Company purchased substantially all of the operating assets of Reverso Pumps, Inc, Reverso Pumps and Separ of the Americas, LLC, Separ America ), both located in Davie, Florida on January 10, 2022. 
 
 The Company purchased substantially all of the operating assets of KMC Corp. dba Knitting Machinery Corp. Knitting Machinery located in Cleveland, Ohio and Greenville, Ohio on May 1, 2022. 
 
 Accordingly, in light of the timing of these transactions, the Company s results for the year ended December 31, 2022 include the added results of operations of Emergency Hydraulics, Reverso Pumps, Separ America and Knitting Machinery in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment. Conversely, our results for the year ended December 31, 2021 do not include the results of operations of Reverso Pumps, Separ America and Knitting Machinery and also do not include a full twelve months of results for Komtek, Emergency Hydraulics, Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment. 
 
 Reportable Segment Information 
 Refer to Part 1, Item 1. Business for descriptions of our business segments. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 127.8 million, an increase of approximately 23.6 million or 22.6 from sales of 104.2 million during the prior year. This increase in sales was attributable to the impact of the acquisitions of Reverso Pumps, Separ America and Knitting Machinery in addition to a full twelve months of earnings from Komtek and Emergency Hydraulics as compared to less than twelve months in the prior year. Specifically, the increase in sales was driven by increased sales from the acquisitions of Reverso Pumps and Separ America 7.2 million) and Knitting Machinery 1.0 million), in addition to increased revenue from Komtek 2.5 million) and Emergency Hydraulics 1.0 million), and a 17.9 million increase attributable to recovery in demand as COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions loosened and commercial activity increased for Air Enterprises, Federal Hose, Data Genomix and MPI. These increases were partially offset by a decline in demand of 5.4 million attributable collectively to Global-Tek Manufacturing, Global-Tek Colorado and CAD Enterprises. 
 
 Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 100.7 million compared to 82.2 million, an increase of 18.5 million or 22.5 from the prior year. Gross profit was 27.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 21.9 million, an increase of 5.1 million from 2021. The increase in cost of sales was primarily attributable to the impact of the acquisitions of Knitting Machinery, Reverso Pumps and Separ America in addition to a full year of earnings in 2022 from Komtek and Emergency Hydraulics. In addition, cost of sales for Air Enterprises increased from 30.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 36.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 6.6 million or 21.9 driven by increased demand for its products. These increases were partially offset by a decline in cost of sales of 3.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year attributable collectively to Global-Tek Manufacturing, Global-Tek Colorado and CAD Enterprises. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG A) for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 18.5 million, or 14.5 of sales, compared to 14.9 million, or 14.3 of sales in the prior year. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to 0.9 million of stock awards that were granted in 2022 compared to 0.4 million of stock awards during 2021. An additional 1.9 million of Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2022 were a result of the acquisitions of Reverso Pumps and Separ America and an additional 0.1 million of Selling, general and administrative expenses in the current year were a result of a full twelve months of expense for Komtek, Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado compared to less than twelve months in prior year. 

16

Table of Contents 

Interest charges in the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 1.1 million compared to 0.9 million in the prior year. The interest expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to higher levels of floating rate bank debt and higher average interest rates. Average total debt (including notes) and average interest rates for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 27.3 million and 3.8 compared to 26.4 million and 2.9 in 2021. 
 
 Other income, net was 0.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.3 million of other income, net in the prior year. The decrease in other income was primarily driven by the forgiveness of the Company s 1.5 million in outstanding Payroll Protection Loans PPP Loans in full by the U.S. Small Business Administration in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act in 2021 as compared to no PPP Loan forgiveness in 2022. The forgiveness of the PPP Loans was treated as income in 2021. The other income of 0.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by the write off of a contingent liability of 0.8 million related to Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado as the Company determined the second year performance target would not be achieved by Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado and no contingent consideration was payable to the sellers. The write off of the 0.8 million contingent liability in 2022 was treated as income in 2022. This income was partially offset by an increase in unrealized losses on investments from 0.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.9 million in 2022. 
 
 Income tax expense in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.2 million compared to 1.7 million in the prior year. Tax expense was lower in 2022 compared to the prior year driven primarily by the reversal of certain income tax reserves that were deemed unecessary, which contributed to a lower tax rate in 2022. 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6.6 million or 1.89 per diluted share as compared to net income of 5.7 million or 1.66 per diluted share for the prior year. 
 
 Commercial Air Handling Segment 
 
 Sales in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 47.6 million, an increase of approximately 9.6 million or 25.3 from sales of 38.0 million during the prior year. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in demand as COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions were lifted and the on-site access necessary to complete the installation of commercial air handling units was restored for certain hospital and university customers. 
 
 Cost of sales in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 36.9 million compared to 30.3 million in the prior year, an increase of 6.6 million or 21.9 . Gross profit was 10.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7.7 million in the prior year, an increase of 3.0 million. Cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 77.4 in 2022 compared to 79.6 in the prior year. The decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of sales in 2022 was primarily attributable to improved cost management compared to the prior year. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG A) in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment in the year ended December 31, 2022 were 4.1 million, or 8.6 of sales, compared to 4.7 million, or 12.3 of sales, in the prior year. The improvement in SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales was driven by reduced general and administrative expenses as a result of improved cost management in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year 
 
 There was no interest charge in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 or in the prior year because there was no outstanding debt attributable to this segment during those periods. 
 
 Income tax expense in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.9 million compared to 0.8 million in the prior year, an increase of 1.1 million that was primarily attributable to an increase in income before taxes. 
 
 Net income in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.8 million compared to net income of 2.3 million in the prior year due primarily to the factors noted above. 

17

Table of Contents 

Industrial and Transportation Products Segment 
 
 Sales in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 80.1 million, an increase of approximately 14.0 million or 21.2 from sales of 66.1 million during the prior year. Specifically, the increase in sales was driven by the acquisitions of Reverso Pumps and Separ America 7.2 million) and Knitting Machinery 1.0 million), an increase in revenue for Komtek 2.5 million) and Emergency Hydraulics 1.0 million), and a 8.3 million increase attributable to recovery in demand as COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions loosened and commercial activity increased for Federal Hose, Data Genomix and MPI. These increases were partially offset by a decline in demand of 5.4 million attributable collectively to Global-Tek Manufacturing, Global-Tek Colorado and CAD Enterprises. 
 
 Cost of sales in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 63.8 million, an increase of approximately 11.8 million or 22.8 from cost of sales of 52.0 million during the prior year. Gross profit was 16.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 14.2 million in the prior year, an increase of 2.1 million. Specifically, the increase in gross profit was primarily driven by the acquisitions of Reverso Pumps and Separ America 3.6 million) and Knitting Machinery 0.3 million), an increase for Komtek 0.8 million) and Emergency Hydraulics 0.3 million) and a 0.3 million increase attributable to recovery in demand as COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions loosened and commercial activity increased for Federal Hose, Data Genomix and MPI. These increases were partially offset by a decline in demand and gross profit of 3.4 million attributable collectively to Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado and CAD Enterprises. Cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 79.7 in the most recent year compared to 78.6 in the prior year. The increase in cost of sales as a percentage of sales in the current year was primarily attributable to input costs such as steel and aluminum rising faster than sales in the most recent year compared to prior year at Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado and CAD Enterprises. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG A) in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment in the year ended December 31, 2022 were 10.3 million, or 12.9 of sales, compared to 9.6 million, or 14.6 of sales, in the prior year. The improvement in SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales was driven by the impact of the fixed SG A expenses over the higher revenue base in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 The interest charge for the Industrial and Transportation Products segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.1 million compared to 0.8 million in the prior year. 
 
 Other income, net in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment was 1.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.5 million of other income, net in the same period of the prior year, an increase of 0.6 million. The increase in other income, net was primarily attributable to the write off a contingent liability of 0.8 million related to Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado because management determined that the specified performance targets likely will not be met and therefore the contingent consideration will not be earned and paid. The write off of the 0.8 million contingent liability in 2022 was treated as income in 2022 
 
 Income tax expense in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment in year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.7 million compared to 0.7 million in the prior year, an increase of 0.9 million due to higher income before taxes and higher expected tax rates used in 2022. 
 
 Net income in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.3 million compared to net income of 3.5 million in the prior year due primarily to the factors noted above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As described further in Note 15 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, effective January 10, 2022, the Company completed the Reverso Pumps and Separ America acquisitions for a purchase price of 4.2 million after post-closing adjustments based on working capital. 
 
 As described further in Note 15 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, effective May 1, 2022, the Company completed the Knitting Machinery acquisition for a purchase price of 1.3 million after post-closing adjustments based on working capital. 
 
 The Company s credit agreement, by and between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as lender (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), provides for a revolving credit facility. On March 2, 2021, the Company amended its Credit Agreement to increase availability under the revolving credit facility to 30.0 million from 20.0 million. The amendment to the loan agreement provided additional flexibility to fund acquisitions, working capital and other strategic initiatives. 

18

Table of Contents 

Total current assets at December 31, 2022 increased to 48.8 million from 42.5 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 6.3 million. The increase in current assets is comprised of the following: an increase of accounts receivable of 3.5 million; an increase in inventory of 3.6 million; an increase in contract assets of 1.2 million; and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 0.4 million; partially offset by a decrease in refundable tax assets of 1.3 million; a decrease in investments of 0.9 million; and a decrease in cash of 0.2 million. The increase in accounts receivable was driven by the acquisitions in 2022 of Reverso Pumps and Separ America in addition to an increase in new billings in the Commercial Air Handling segment for certain early-stage projects that have achieved billing milestones in advance of certain production milestones per their individual contract terms. Management estimates that these new projects in the Commercial Air Handling segment will be completed in the next 6 months. The Company is carrying lower cash balances due to improved supply chain reliability. 
 
 Total current liabilities at December 31, 2022 increased to 26.1 million from 23.9 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.2 million. The increase in current liabilities was primarily driven by the following: an increase in accounts payable of 2.6 million, an increase in unearned revenue of 1.5 million, an increase in accrued income taxes of 1.2 million and an increase in current leases payable by 0.5 million partially offset by a decrease in short term notes payable of 1.6 million, a decrease in the current portion of bank debt of 1.2 million and a decrease in contingent liabilities by 0.8 million. 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 8.0 million, compared to cash provided by operating activities of 1.8 million in 2021. Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 is comprised of the following: net income of 6.6 million; cash provided by adjustments for non-cash items of 4.7 million; and cash used in working capital adjustments of 3.2 million. The primary drivers of decreased working capital during 2022 were the increase in accounts receivable of 2.7 million, the increase in inventory of 2.8 million, the increase on contract assets of 1.2 million and the increase in prepaid expenses of 0.6 million, partially offset by the increase in accounts payable of 2.0 million, the increase in unearned revenue of 1.1 million, the increase in lease liability of 0.5 million and the increase in accrued expenses of 0.5 million. Cash flows from operations were impacted by cash used in working capital adjustments including an increase in accounts receivable of 2.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, driven primarily by an increase of 2.9 million in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment. This increase was the result of an increase in new sales with high upfront billing milestones. Days sales outstanding in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment were 77 days in the year ending December 31, 2022 compared 73 days in 2021 which management will continue to monitor but does not view as a significant change. The Industrial and Transportation Products segment days sales outstanding was unchanged at 56 days in the years ending December 31, 2021 and 2022. The Company added Reverso Pumps, Separ America and Knitting Machinery in 2022 and will closely monitor days sales outstanding for the companies in this segment. The rise in days sales outstanding has a negative impact on cashflow and management will continue to monitor the trend in future periods. The Company does not have a history of failure to collect payment from its customers and believes that it is reasonable to assume that materially all of its outstanding accounts receivable will be collectible barring unforeseen circumstances. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.1 million, compared to cash used in investing activities of 9.5 million in the prior year. Cash used in investing activities was for the acquisitions of Knitting Machinery, Reverso Pumps and Separ America in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment and capital expenditures in the normal course of business. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was approximately 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash provided by financing activities of 3.0 million in the prior year. Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily related to: 8.9 million borrowings on bank debt related primarily to the acquisition of Reverso Pumps and Separ America offset by payments on bank debt of 7.1 million, payments on notes payable of 4.1 million and a payments of a contingent consideration of 0.8 million as Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado achieved its first year performance target. 
 
 The Company is actively managing its business to maintain cash flow and liquidity. We believe that cash and availability on our revolving credit facility to be sufficient to fund working capital needs and service principal and interest payments due related to the bank debt and notes payable for at least the next 12 months. The Company had 10.7 million available to borrow on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the Company's expectations, if the Company's operating results decrease as the result of pressures on the business due to, for example, supply chain interruptions or delays, increases in material, freight or labor costs, inflationary pressures, currency or interest rate fluctuations, regulatory issues, a downturn in general economic conditions, or the Company's failure to execute its business plans, the Company may require additional financing, or may be unable to comply with its obligations under the credit facility, and its lenders could demand repayment of any amounts outstanding under the Company s credit facility. In addition, see Note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

19

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 From time to time, the Company enters into performance and payment bonds in the ordinary course of business. These bonds are secured by certain assets of the Company by the surety until the Company s completion of the requirements of the commercial air handling contract. At December 31, 2022, the Company has secured performance and payment bonds in the amount of 8.2 million as surety on completion of the requirements of certain commercial air handling contracts. The Company has no other off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Regulation S-K Item 303 paragraph (a)(4)(ii)) that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditure or capital resources. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions which affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that are used to prepare financial statements. Management has made their best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. We do not believe that there is great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions related to the accounting policies described below. However, application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 
 Certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below. On a regular basis, critical accounting policies are reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Revenue Recognition : 
 We recognize revenue with respect to customer orders when our obligations under the contract terms are satisfied and control of the product transfers to the customer, typically upon shipment. Revenue from certain contracts in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment is accounted for over time, when products are manufactured or services are performed, as control transfers under these arrangements. We follow the input method, as we have determined that it allows us to make reasonably reliable estimates of revenue and costs of a contract. 
 
 Allowance for Obsolete and Slow-Moving Inventory : 
 Inventories are valued using the first-in, first-out FIFO method; stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value; and are reduced by an allowance for obsolete and slow-moving inventories. The allowance is estimated based on management s review of inventories on hand with minimal sales activity, which is compared to estimated future usage and sales. Inventories identified by management as slow-moving or obsolete are reserved for based on estimated selling prices less disposal costs. Though we consider these allowances adequate and proper, changes in economic conditions in specific markets in which we operate could have a material effect on allowances required. 
 
 Business Combinations : 
 Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method of accounting under ASC 805, Business Combinations. This method requires the Company to record assets and liabilities of the businesses acquired at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value requires management to make estimates and assumptions including discount rates, rates of return on assets, and long-term sales growth rates. 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets : 
 As referenced by ASC 350 Intangibles- Goodwill and other ASC 350 ), management performs its annual test for goodwill and intangible assets at least annually or more frequently, if impairment indicators arise at the reporting unit level. Our reporting units have been identified at the individual company component level, with each individual subsidiary operating company constituting its own reporting unit. For 2022 and 2021, management performed qualitative and quantitative testing for each individual company with a goodwill balance other than those companies that were newly acquired within one year. 
 
 Our goodwill impairment analysis utilizes a qualitative approach comparing carrying amount of the reporting unit to its estimated fair value. To the extent that the qualitative approach indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount is less than its fair value, we apply a quantitative approach as a secondary step. In applying the quantitative approach, we use an income approach to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. The income approach uses a number of factors, including future business plans and actual and forecasted operating results. The significant assumptions employed under this method include discount rates; revenue growth rates, including assumed terminal growth rates; and operating margins used to project future cash flows for the operating company. The discount rates utilized reflect market-based estimates of capital costs and discount rates adjusted for management s assessment of a market participant s view with respect to other risks associated with the projected cash flows of the individual company. Our estimates are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which by nature are uncertain and unpredictable. We believe we incorporate reasonable assumptions into our analysis of goodwill impairment testing for a reporting unit, such that actual experience would need to be materially out of the range of expected assumptions in order for an impairment to remain undetected. 

20

Table of Contents 

In conducting our 2022 annual goodwill impairment analysis, we determined that the goodwill for CAD Enterprises at December 31, 2022 was 7.3 million. In our qualitative assessment of CAD Enterprises, we noted a decline in revenue from 30.1 million in 2019 to 18.9 million in 2020, 18.3 million in 2021 and 15.5 million in 2022 and a decline in after-tax income margin from 5.8 in 2019 to -4.6 in 2020, -0.5 in 2021, and -3.4 in 2022 and thus determined to conduct a quantitative assessment of CAD Enterprises. The quantitative assessment of CAD Enterprises confirmed that the estimated fair value exceeded carrying value by 12.2 percent, and thus no impairment existed at December 31, 2022. The key assumptions used to estimate fair value included discount rates; revenue growth rates, including assumed terminal growth rates; and after-tax income margins used to project future cash flows for CAD Enterprises. The discount rate used to estimate fair value was 10 and was based on estimates of capital costs and management s assessment of a market participant s view with respect to other risks associated with the projected cash flows for CAD Enterprises. Our revenue growth rate for the 9-year period in the discounted cash flow model was 10.2 per year, which reflects management s assessment of estimated future orders for CAD Enterprises based in part on a Long-Term-Agreement LTA with the company s largest customer, a new 7.5 million incremental purchase order with this customer, our previous revenue history including actual revenues of 30.1 million in 2019 before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, and a continued business rebound in the aerospace industry. The assumed terminal growth rate for CAD Enterprises was 3 based on management s assessment of long-term growth rates for the Aerospace industry. The after-tax income margins used to project future margins for the company were based on the historical margins for CAD Enterprises prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2019, CAD Enterprises earned a debt-free after-tax income margin of 16.6 . The discounted cash flow model used to estimate fair value assumes a debt-free after-tax income margin of 17.3 in 2027, or year 5 of the forecast period and expanding margins to 17.5 in the terminal year. This is based on management s assessment of our ability to grow SG A expenses at a slower rate than revenues as the company achieves more scale. Our estimates are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which by nature are uncertain and unpredictable. Potential events and circumstances including global conflicts, materials shortages, inability to increase prices to keep pace with expenses, onset of a global pandemic, departure of key employees and loss of a key customer could negatively affect the key assumptions used for the recent fair value test and are similar to the risk factors noted in Item 1A, Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In conducting our 2022 annual goodwill impairment analysis, we determined that the goodwill for Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado at December 31, 2022 was 1.9 million. In our qualitative assessment of Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado, we noted a decline in revenue from 9.2 million in 2021 to 6.5 million in 2022 and a decline in after-tax income margin from 17.3 in 2021 to -3.3 in 2022 and thus determined to conduct a quantitative assessment of Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado. The quantitative assessment of Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado confirmed that the estimated fair value exceeded carrying value by 23.3 , and thus no impairment existed at December 31, 2022. The key assumptions used to estimate fair value included discount rates; revenue growth rates, including assumed terminal growth rates; and after-tax income margins used to project future cash flows for Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado. The discount rate used to estimate fair value was 10 and was based on estimates of capital costs and management s assessment of a market participant s view with respect to other risks associated with the projected cash flows for Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado. Our revenue growth rate for the 9-year period in the discounted cash flow model was 6.5 per year, which reflects management s assessment of estimated future orders for Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado based on our previous revenue history including actual revenues of 9.2 million in 10 months of operations after the acquisition in 2021 before the untimely passing of the General Manager. The assumed terminal growth rate for Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado was 3 based on management s assessment of long-term growth rates for the Aerospace and Defense industries. The after-tax income margins used to project future margins for the company were based on the historical margins for Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado prior to the untimely passing of the General Manager. In 2021, Global-Tek Manufacturing and Global-Tek Colorado earned an debt-free after-tax income margin of 16.4 . The discounted cash flow model used to estimate fair value assumes an after-tax income margin of 6.2 in 2027, or year 5 of the forecast period and expanding margins to 7.8 in the terminal year. This is based on management s assessment of our ability to grow SG A expenses at a slower rate than revenues as the company achieves more scale. Our estimates are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which by nature are uncertain and unpredictable. Potential events and circumstances including global conflicts, materials shortages, inability to increase prices to keep pace with expenses, onset of a global pandemic, departure of key employees and loss of a key customer could negatively affect the key assumptions used for the recent fair value test and are similar to the risk factors noted in Item 1A, Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

21

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes : 
 In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates. Specifically, we measure gross deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences and carryforwards, such as operating losses and tax credits, using the applicable enacted tax rates and apply the more likely than not measurement criterion Further, at each interim reporting period, we estimate an effective income tax rate that is expected to be applicable for the full year. Significant judgment is involved regarding the application of income tax laws and regulations and when projecting the jurisdictional mix of income. Additionally, interpretation of tax laws, court decisions or other guidance provided by taxing authorities influences our estimate of the effective income tax rates. As a result, our actual annual effective income tax rates and related income tax liabilities may differ materially from our interim estimated effective tax rates and related income tax liabilities. Any resulting differences are recorded in the period they become known. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Inflationary economic conditions have increased, and may continue to increase, the Company s costs of producing its products. The Company s products are manufactured using various metals and other commodity-based materials including steel, aluminum, rubber and silicone. Freight and labor costs also are significant elements of the Company s production costs. Inflationary economic conditions increase these various costs. If the Company is unable to mitigate inflationary increases through customer pricing actions, alternative supply arrangements or other cost reduction initiatives, its profitability may be adversely affected. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 The foregoing discussion includes forward-looking statements relating to the business of the Company. Generally, these statements can be identified by the use of words such as guidance, outlook, believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, forecasts, seeks, projects, intends, plans, may, will, should, could, would and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements, or other statements made by the Company, are made based on management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and are subject to uncertainties and factors (including, but not limited to, those specified below) which are difficult to predict and, in many instances, are beyond the control of the Company. As a result, actual results of the Company could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any such forward-looking statements. These uncertainties and factors include (a) the moderation of the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the resumption of operations by the Company s customers, loosening of public health restrictions, or any reimposed restrictions or tightening of public health restrictions which could impact the demand for the Company s products; (b) shortages in supply or increased costs of necessary products, components or raw materials from the Company s suppliers; (c) availability shortages or increased costs of freight and labor for the Company and/or its suppliers; (d) actions that governments, businesses and individuals take in response to public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, including mandatory business closures and restrictions on onsite commercial interactions; (e) conditions in the global and regional economies and economic activity, including slow economic growth or recession, inflation, currency and credit market volatility, reduced capital expenditures and changes in government trade, fiscal, tax and monetary policies; (f) adverse effects from evolving geopolitical conditions, such as the military conflict in Ukraine; (g) the Company's ability to effectively integrate acquisitions, and manage the larger operations of the combined businesses, (h) the Company's dependence upon a limited number of customers and the aerospace industry, (i) the highly competitive industry in which the Company operates, which includes several competitors with greater financial resources and larger sales organizations, (j) the Company's ability to capitalize on market opportunities in certain sectors, (k) the Company's ability to obtain cost effective financing and (k) the Company's ability to satisfy obligations under its financing arrangements, and the other risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report Form 10-K and the Company s subsequent filings with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 This item is not applicable to the Company as a smaller reporting company. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 The following pages contain the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data as specified for Item 8 of Part II of Form 10-K. 

22

Table of Contents 

R EPORT OF I NDEPENDENT R EGISTERED P UBLIC A CCOUNTING F IRM 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Crawford United Corporation 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Crawford United Corporation (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for the years then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 
 As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was approximately 16.3 million and 14.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is allocated to the Company s reporting units. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level. The determination of the fair value requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenues and operating margins and discount rates. As disclosed by management, changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value of the reporting units, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. 

23

Table of Contents 

We identified the goodwill impairment assessment as a critical audit matter. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: a) Testing the effectiveness of controls related to management s goodwill impairment tests, including controls over the determination of fair value; b) Testing management s process for determining the fair value; c) Evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable by considering past performance and whether such assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 
 
 We are uncertain as to the year we began servicing consecutively as the auditor of the Company s financial statements; however, we are aware that we have been the Company s auditor consecutively since at least 1979. 

March 21, 2023 

24

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 ASSETS 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 CURRENT ASSETS: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable less allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Contract assets 
 Inventory less allowance for obsolete inventory 
 Investments 
 Refundable tax asset 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total Current Assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Operating right of use assets, net 
 
 OTHER ASSETS: 
 Goodwill 
 Intangibles, net of accumulated amortization 
 Other non-current assets 
 Total Non-Current Other Assets 
 Total Assets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

25

Table of Contents 

CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES: 
 Notes payable - current 
 Bank debt - current 
 Leases payable 
 Accounts payable 
 Unearned revenue 
 Contingent liability short term 
 Accrued income taxes 
 Accrued expenses 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 
 LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 
 Notes payable 
 Bank debt 
 Leases payable 
 Contingent liability long term 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Total Long-Term Liabilities 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Class A 10,000,000 shares authorized, 2,791,449 issued at December 31, 2022 and 2,720,787 issued at December 31, 2021 
 Class B 2,500,000 shares authorized, 914,283 shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Contributed capital 
 Treasury shares, at cost 
 Class A 47,412 shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 41,844 shares issued at December 31, 2021 
 Class B - 182,435 shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

26

Table of Contents 

CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 
 Total Sales 
 Cost of Sales 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Operating Expenses: 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Operating Income 
 
 Other (Income) and Expenses: 
 Interest charges 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 Unrealized loss on investments 
 Realized gain on investments 
 Other (income) expense, net 
 Total Other (Income) and Expenses 
 Income before Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes: 
 Current 
 Deferred 
 Total Provision for Income Taxes 
 Net Income 
 
 Net Income per Common Share - Basic 
 
 Net Income per Common Share - Diluted 
 
 Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Basic 
 Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

27

Table of Contents 

CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

COMMON SHARES - NO PAR VALUE 
 CLASS A CLASS B CONTRIBUTED CAPITAL TREASURY SHARES RETAINED EARNINGS TOTAL 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Stock awards to Directors and Officers 
 Stock option exercise 
 Acquisition 
 Repurchase of shares 
 Net income 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Stock awards to Directors and Officers 
 Acquisition 
 Repurchase of shares 
 Net income 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

COMMON SHARES ISSUED TREASURY SHARES COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 
 CLASS A CLASS B CLASS A CLASS B CLASS A CLASS B 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Stock Awards to Directors and Officers 
 Stock option exercise 
 Acquisition 
 Stock conversion 
 Share repurchase 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Stock Awards to Directors and Officers 
 Acquisition 
 Share repurchase 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

28

Table of Contents 

CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 

Years Ended 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net Income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Unrealized loss on investments in equity securities 
 Amortization of right of use assets 
 Loss on disposal of assets 
 Write off of contingent liability 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Decrease (Increase) in accounts receivable 
 Decrease (Increase) in inventories 
 Decrease (Increase) in contract assets 
 Decrease (Increase) in prepaid expenses other assets 
 Increase (Decrease) in accounts payable 
 Increase (Decrease) in lease liability 
 Increase (Decrease) in accrued expenses 
 Increase (Decrease) in unearned revenue 
 Total adjustments 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Cash Activities 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Consideration paid for acquisition 
 Capital expenditures 
 Purchase of equity securities 
 Sale of equity securities 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Payments on related party notes 
 Borrowings on related party notes 
 Borrowings on bank debt 
 Payments on bank debt 
 Share repurchase 
 Payments on contingent liability 
 Proceeds from options and warrants 
 Net Cash Provided by/Used in Financing Activities 
 Net Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 
 Interest paid 
 Income taxes paid 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of noncash financing and investing activity 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 Issuance of Class A common shares in business acquisitions 
 Additions to ROU assets obtained from new operating lease liabilities 
 Assets, net of liabilities assumed in business acquisitions 
 Assumption of debt for business acquisitions 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

29

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of consolidated sales of the Company, while sales to customers in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment accounted for of consolidated sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales to customers in the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment were of consolidated sales of the Company, while customers in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment accounted for of consolidated sales. 

Point in time 
 Total revenue 

million, million and million, respectively. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Work-in-process 
 Finished products 
 Total Inventory 
 Less: Inventory reserves 
 Net Inventory 

Acquisitions 
 Adjustments 
 Ending Balance 
 
 Industrial and Transportation Products Segment: 
 Beginning Balance 
 Acquisitions 
 Adjustments 
 Ending Balance 
 
 Total Company: 
 Beginning Balance 
 Acquisitions 
 Adjustments 
 Ending Balance 

The adjustment of in the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to reconciliation of the opening balance sheet related to the acquisition of Global-Tek Colorado and Global-Tek Manufacturing. 

Intangible assets relate to the purchase of businesses. Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed on an annual basis for impairment. Amortization of other intangible assets is calculated on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from one year to years. Intangible assets consist of the following: 

Non-Compete Agreements 
 Trademarks 
 Total Other Intangibles 
 Less: Accumulated Amortization 
 Other Intangibles, Net 

Intangible amortization expense was as follows: 

Amortization expense 
 Accumulated amortization at end of period 

Intangible amortization for the next five years is as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 

Buildings and Improvements 
 Machinery Equipment 
 Total Property, Plant Equipment 
 Less: Accumulated Depreciation 
 Property Plant Equipment, Net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Investments by fair value level in the hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Common stock as of December 31, 2021 

and a term A loan in the amount of . The revolving facility matures June 1, 2024 and the term A loan matured December 1, 2022 and was paid in full on January 4, 2023. 
 
 The revolving facility under the Credit Agreement includes a million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit thereunder. Interest for borrowings under the revolving facility accrues at a per annum rate equal to Prime Rate or LIBOR plus applicable margins of (i) for Prime Rate loans and (ii) for LIBOR loans. The maturity date of the revolving facility is June 1, 2024. Interest for borrowings under the term A loan accrues at a per annum rate equal to Prime Rate or LIBOR plus applicable margins of (i) for Prime Rate loans and (ii) for LIBOR loans. The maturity date of the term A loan is December 1, 2022. The Credit Agreement includes a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving facility of per annum payable quarterly. The obligations of the Company and other borrowers under the Credit Agreement are secured by a blanket lien on all the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement also includes customary representations and warranties and applicable reporting requirements and covenants. The financial covenants under the Credit Agreement include a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a maximum senior funded debt to EBITDA ratio and a maximum total funded debt to EBITDA ratio. LIBOR is a common benchmark interest rate (or reference rate) used to set and make adjustments to interest rates for certain floating rate securities and other financial instruments. Financial institutions are discontinuing the use of LIBOR and adopting alternative reference rates including the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The Company intends to amend the Credit Agreement in 2023 to reflect a change in reference rates from LIBOR to SOFR. 
 
 Bank debt balances consist of the following: 

Revolving Debt 
 Total Bank Debt 
 Less: Current Portion 
 Non-Current Bank Debt 
 Less: Unamortized Debt Costs 
 Net Non-Current Bank Debt 

The Company had million and million available to borrow on the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Notes Payable Related Party 
 The Company had two separate outstanding promissory notes with First Francis Company Inc. First Francis ), which were originally issued in July 2016 in connection with the acquisition of Federal Hose Manufacturing Federal Hose and which were amended in July 2018 in connection with the acquisition of CAD Enterprises, Inc. CAD ). The first promissory note was issued with original principal in the amount of , and the second was issued with original principal in the amount of . The promissory notes each had an interest rate of per annum, which was increased from per annum as part of the July 2018 amendments. 
 
 In connection with the Komtek Forge acquisition, on January 15, 2021, the Company refinanced the outstanding First Francis promissory notes in the aggregate amount of , including accrued interest payable through the refinance date and combined this amount with an existing First Francis promissory note carried by Komtek Forge in the amount of into one note for a combined loan due to First Francis Company, payable in quarterly installments beginning April 15, 2021. The interest rate on the refinanced loan remained at per annum. First Francis is owned by Edward Crawford and Matthew Crawford, both of whom serve on the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 Notes Payable Seller Note 
 Effective July 1, 2018, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of CAD. Upon the closing of the transaction, the CAD shares were transferred and assigned to the Company in consideration of the payment by the Company of an aggregate purchase price of million, million of which was payable in cash at closing, with the remainder paid in the form of a subordinated promissory note issued by the Company in favor of a Seller (the Seller Note ), which is subject to certain post-closing adjustments based on working capital, indebtedness and selling expenses, as specified in the Share Purchase Agreement entered into in connection with the acquisition (the Share Purchase Agreement ). The Seller Note bears interest at a rate of four percent per annum and is payable in full no later than June 30, 2023 the Maturity Date ). The Maturity Date, with respect to any then-outstanding portion of the original principal amount which is subject to an indemnification claim by the Company (asserted in accordance with the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement) pending as of the date thereof, will be automatically extended until such time as any claim relating to such disputed amount is no longer pending, pursuant to the terms of the Seller Note and subject to additional conditions set forth therein and in the Share Purchase Agreement. The Company is not permitted to prepay any amounts due and owing under the Seller Note. Payment of the Seller Note is secured by a second -priority security interest in the assets of CAD. Interest accrued on the original principal amount is due and payable in arrears on the first day of each calendar quarter up to and including June 30, 2022. The Company is required to make quarterly principal payments, the amount of which is calculated based on a four 4 year amortization schedule, on the last day of each calendar quarter up to and including the Maturity Date. An additional voluntary prepayment of principal in the amount of million was made on September 30, 2022. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 Notes payable consists of the following: 

In connection with the CAD acquisition, the Company entered into a promissory note on July 1, 2018 for a 9,000,000 loan due to the seller, payable in quarterly installments beginning September 30, 2018. 
 Total notes payable 
 Less current portion 
 Notes payable non-current portion 

Principal payments on the notes payable are as follows for the years ended December 31: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 Total principal payments 

years to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years. Lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases: 

Other current liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 
 Operating Leases (in years) 
 
 Weighted Average Discount Rate 
 Operating Leases 

Future minimum lease payments at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest 
 Total 

Commitments and Contingencies From time to time, the Company is involved in legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the Company believes that such matters are currently not material, there can be no assurance that matters arising in the ordinary course of business for which the Company is, or could be, involved in litigation, will not have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Class A Shares and Class B Shares authorized, as well as Serial Preferred Shares. 
 
 Unissued shares of Class A common stock and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) are reserved for the share-for-share conversion rights of the Class B common stock. The Class A shares have vote per share and the Class B shares have votes per share, except under certain circumstances such as voting on voluntary liquidation, sale of substantially all the assets, etc. Dividends up to per year, noncumulative, must be paid on Class A shares before any dividends are paid on Class B shares. 

Class A Common Shares were initially reserved for issuance. The Plan was materially revised in 2019 to increase the maximum number of the Company s Class A Common Shares, without par value, available for issuance to , providing an additional Class A Common Shares under the Plan. This change to the Plan was approved in connection with the Company s 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Class A Common Shares may be either authorized, but unissued, common shares or treasury shares. The Company granted and restricted stock awards under the Plan during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Approximately Class A Common Shares remain available for issuance under the Plan. 
 
 The Company's expired Outside Directors Stock Option Plans (collectively the "Directors Plans"), provided for the automatic grant of options to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock over a three -year period to members of the Board of Directors who were not employees of the Company, at the fair market value on the date of grant. The options are exercisable for up to years. All options granted under the Directors Plans were fully exercised as of December 31, 2021. Non-cash compensation expense related to stock option plans was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 A summary of the Company s stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

Options exercised 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Options exercised 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Non-cash compensation expense related to stock compensation plans was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Non-cash stock compensation expense 

A summary of the Company s Treasury stock acquired for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Share repurchase 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Share repurchase 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Statutory rate 
 Tax at statutory rate 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit 
 Release of FIN 48 reserve 
 Permanent differences 
 Return to provision adjustments 
 Other 
 Provision for income taxes 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) consist of the following: 

Bad debts 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Prepaid expense 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Capitalized Costs 
 Research and development and other credit carryforwards 
 Right of use lease accounting 
 Directors stock option plan 
 Total deferred tax liability 
 Valuation allowance 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 
 Total reserves allowances 
 Net deferred tax liability, net of reserves 

Valuation Allowance The Company has a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets based upon certain credits that may not be fully utilized in the future. The Company believes the valuation allowance of thousand at December 31, 2022 and thousand at December 31, 2021, is adequate. 
 
 Reserve for Uncertain Tax Positions The Company has a reserve of unrecognized tax benefits related to exposures in accordance with ASC 740. The Company believes the valuation allowance of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, is adequate. Due to the uncertainties involved with this significant estimate, it is reasonably possible that the Company s estimate may change in the near term. 

Tax Credits and Net Operating losses: 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has state net operating losses (NOLs) and research and development (R D) and other credit carryforwards for tax purposes which expire as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 2030 
 2031 
 2032 
 2033 
 2034 
 2035 
 2036 
 2037 and beyond 

Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding 
 
 Net Income Per Common Share - Basic 
 
 Effect of Dilutive Securities 
 Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Basic 
 Options and warrants under convertible note 
 Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Diluted 
 
 Net Income Per Common Share Diluted 
 Income available to common stockholders 
 Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding - Diluted 
 
 Net Income Per Common Share - Diluted 

There were options included in the computation of diluted earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022 or for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and respectively. The large increase in matching contributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to prior year was driven by the Company's reinstatement of matching contribution benefits effective September 1, 2021. Komtek Forge makes pension contributions to the United Steelworkers pension fund on behalf of its employees. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, these contributions amounted to and respectively. The Company does not provide any other postretirement benefits to its employees. 

million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments based on working capital, indebtedness and selling expenses, as specified in the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, which was comprised of cash, the issuance of Class A common shares of the Company and the assumption of certain specified liabilities of the seller. 

Assumed Debt 
 Fair Value of Stock Consideration 
 Total Consideration 
 
 Cash 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Inventory 
 Fixed Assets 
 Prepaid and Other Assets 
 Goodwill 
 Total Assets Acquired 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 Accrued Expense 
 Total Liabilities Assumed 
 
 Total Fair Value 
 
 Acquisition transaction costs incurred were: 

Goodwill 
 Goodwill has an assigned value of million and represents the expected synergies generated by combining the operations of Komtek and the Company. The Company purchases forgings to manufacture products for customers in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment and the Komtek acquisition strengthens the Company s supply chain. 

Effective March 1, 2021, MTA Acquisition Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Crawford United Corporation, completed the acquisition of all of the membership interests of Global-Tek-Manufacturing LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company Global-Tek Manufacturing and specialist in machining parts from wrought, rounds, castings or extrusions and providing in house anodizing and other finishing and assembly operations and substantially all of the assets of Machining Technology L.L.C., a Colorado limited liability company Global-Tek Colorado with CNC machining capability, pursuant to a Membership Interest and Asset Purchase Agreement entered into March 2, 2021 and effective as of March 1, 2021. The stock and assets were transferred and assigned to MTA in exchange for approximately million in cash and the repayment of remaining outstanding indebtedness and transaction costs totaling million after post-closing adjustments. The Purchase Agreement also includes a post-closing earnout that provides for up to an aggregate of million in additional consideration to the certain sellers (up to per year) if specified performance targets are met in the two years following closing. If earned, the additional consideration is payable in cash or, at the election of each such seller, in Company common shares up to a maximum aggregate amount of shares. 

Seller Transaction Costs and Repayment of Indebtedness 
 Total Consideration 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Inventory 
 Fixed Assets 
 Prepaid and Other Assets 
 Intangibles Asset: Trademark 
 Intangible Asset: Customer List 
 Goodwill 
 Total Assets Acquired 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 Accrued Payroll and Other Expense 
 Contingent Liability 
 Total Liabilities Assumed 
 
 Total Fair Value 

Acquisition transaction costs incurred were: 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill has an assigned value of million and represents the expected synergies generated by combining the operations of Global-Tek Colorado, Global-Tek-Manufacturing and the Company. The Company utilizes machined parts for customers in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment and the acquisition of Global-Tek Colorado and Global-Tek-Manufacturing allows the Company to strengthen its supply chain. Intangible asset, trademark has an assigned value of million which represents the expected value of the Global-Tek trade name in the market. Intangible asset, customer list has an assigned value of million which represents the expected value of the list of the customers of Global-Tek to the Company. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Global-Tek had a contingent consideration of million as of the acquisition date which represented 750 thousand of additional consideration per year for a period of two years following the acquisition date if specified performance targets were met. The additional consideration will be earned if Global-Tek achieves specified profitability targets and is payable either in cash or in common shares of the Company up to an aggregate maximum amount of shares. The first year performance target has been achieved by Global-Tek and was paid out in the second quarter of 2022 in the cash amount of thousand. During 2022, the Company determined the second year performance target would not be achieved by Global-Tek and that no contingent consideration was payable to the sellers. 

Effective July 1, 2021, Crawford EH Acquisition Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Crawford United Corporation, completed the acquisition of all of the operating assets of Emergency Hydraulics LLC, Emergency Hydraulics a Florida limited liability company and provider of hydraulic hoses, air tank assemblies and related products to manufacturers of firefighting trucks and other emergency vehicles, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement entered into July 1, 2021. The acquired business is strategically important to the Company s growing industrial hose platform and will expand its offerings and diversify its customer base in this important market segment. The assets were transferred and assigned to Emergency Hydraulics in exchange for approximately million of repayment of remaining outstanding indebtedness and transaction costs. 

Accounts Receivable 
 Inventory 
 Intangible Assets: Customer List 
 Total Assets Acquired 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 Total Liabilities Assumed 
 Total Fair Value 
 Acquisition transaction costs incurred were: 

Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets, customer list has an assigned value of million which represents the expected value of the list of the customers of Emergency Hydraulics to the Company. 

Effective January 10, 2022, Crawford REV Acquisition Company LLC (name later changed to Reverso Pumps LLC or Reverso Pumps ), a Delaware limited liability company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Crawford United Corporation (the Company ), completed the acquisition (the Reverso Transaction of substantially all the assets of Reverso Pumps, Inc., a Florida corporation and developer, designer, manufacturer, seller and distributor of oil change systems, fuel and oil transfer pumps, fuel primers, fuel polishing systems and engine flushing systems Reverso ), pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Reverso Asset Purchase Agreement entered into and effective January 10, 2022 by and among Reverso Pumps, the Seller, the seller parties named therein and the Seller Parties representatives named therein. Upon the closing of the Transaction, the assets were transferred and assigned to Reverso Pumps in exchange for approximately million in cash after post-closing adjustments. 
 
 Additionally, effective on January 10, 2022, Crawford SEP Acquisition Company LLC (name later changed to Separ America LLC or Separ America ), a Delaware limited liability company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the acquisition (the Separ Transaction, and with the Reverso Transaction, the Transactions of substantially all the assets of Separ of the Americas, LLC, a Florida limited liability company and developer, designer, manufacturer, seller and distributor of oil change systems, fuel and oil transfer pumps, fuel primers, fuel polishing systems and engine flushing systems Separ pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Separ Asset Purchase Agreement, and together with the Reverso Asset Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements by and among Separ America, the Seller, the seller parties named therein and the Seller Parties representative named therein. Upon the closing of the Transaction, the assets were transferred and assigned to Separ America in exchange for approximately million in cash after post-closing adjustments. 

Seller Transaction Costs 
 Total Consideration 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Inventory 
 Fixed Assets 
 Prepaid and Other Assets 
 Intangible Asset: Customer List and Trademark 
 Goodwill 
 Total Assets Acquired 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 Accrued Expense 
 Total Liabilities Assumed 
 Total Fair Value 
 
 Acquisition transaction costs incurred were: 

Goodwill 
 Goodwill has an assigned value of million and represents the expected synergies generated by combining the operations of Reverso, Separ, and the Company. The Company sells marine hoses and related products and the acquisition of Reverso Pumps and Separ America will allow the Company to expand its offerings to customers in the strategically important marine and defense markets. Intangible assets, customer list has an assigned value of million which represents the expected value of the list of the customers of Reverso Pumps and Separ America. Intangible assets, trademarks has an assigned value of million which represents the expected value of the trademarks of Reverso Pumps and Separ America. 

Effective May 1, 2022, Knitting Machinery Company of America, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Knitting Machinery and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Crawford United Corporation, completed the acquisition of all of the operating assets of KMC Corp. dba Knitting Machinery Corp., a Delaware corporation and specialist in the manufacture of hose reinforcement machinery for the plastic, rubber and silicone industries pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement entered into as of May 1, 2022. The acquired business is strategically important to the Company s growing industrial hose platform and will expand its offerings and diversify its customer base in this important market segment. The assets were transferred and assigned to Knitting Machinery in exchange for approximately in cash and Class A Common Shares valued at million. 

Fair Value of Stock Consideration 
 Total Consideration 
 
 Cash 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Inventory 
 Fixed Assets 
 Intangible Asset: Trademark and Customer List 
 Goodwill 
 Total Assets Acquired 
 
 Accounts Payable 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Total Liabilities Assumed 
 Total Fair Value 
 
 Acquisition transaction costs incurred were: 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill has an assigned value of million and represents the expected synergies generated by combining the operations of KMC and the Company. The Company utilizes industrial hoses for customers in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment and the acquisition of KMC allows the Company to strengthen its supply chain. Intangible asset, trademark has an assigned value of million which represents the expected value of the KMC trade name in the market. Intangible asset, customer list has an assigned value of million which represents the expected value of the list of the customers of KMC to the Company. 
 
 Sales and Net Income for the Acquired Companies 
 Sales and net income information for the acquired companies, including Komtek Forge LLC Komtek ), Global-Tek Manufacturing LLC and Global-Tek Colorado LLC Global-Tek ), Emergency Hydraulics LLC EH ), Reverso Pumps LLC Reverso Pumps ), Separ America LLC Separ America and Knitting Machinery Company of America LLC Knitting Machinery since the respective acquisition dates for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are provided below. 

Global-Tek (acquired March 1, 2021) 
 EH (acquired July 1, 2021) 
 Reverso Pumps (acquired January 10, 2022) 
 Separ America (acquired January 10, 2022) 
 Knitting Machinery (acquired May 1, 2022) 
 Subtotal Acquired Companies 
 
 All Other Companies 
 Total 

business segments: 1 Commercial Air Handling Equipment and 2 Industrial and Transportation Products. The identification of our operating segments is based on guidance in ASC 280 - 10 - 50 - 1. The Company's management evaluates segment performance based primarily on operating income. Interest expense directly related to financing the acquisition of a business is allocated to that respective segment. Intangible assets are allocated to each segment and the related amortization of these assets are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. Beginning in 2022, the Company ceased allocating corporate costs to the respective segments. 
 
 Both the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment and the Industrial and Transportation Products segment engage in business activities from which they may recognize revenues and incur expenses, including revenue and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the Company. The operating results for both the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment and the Industrial and Transportation Products segment are reviewed regularly by our chief operating decision maker and is considered in making decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment in assessing its performance. Financial information for both segments is available in internal financial statements that are prepared on a monthly basis. 
 
 Commercial Air Handling Equipment: 
 The Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment was added June 1, 2017, when the Company purchased certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of Air Enterprises Acquisition LLC in Akron, Ohio. The acquired business, which operates under the name Air Enterprises, is an industry leader in designing, manufacturing and installing large-scale commercial, institutional, and industrial custom air handling solutions. Its customers are typically in the health care, education, pharmaceutical and industrial manufacturing markets in the United States. This segment also sells to select international markets. The custom air handling units are constructed of non-corrosive aluminum, resulting in sustainable, long-lasting, and energy efficient solutions with life expectancies of 50 years or more. These products are distributed through a network of sales representatives, based on relationships with health care networks, building contractors and engineering firms. The custom air handling equipment is designed, manufactured and installed under the brand names FactoryBilt and SiteBilt . FactoryBilt air handling solutions are designed, fabricated and assembled in a vertically integrated process entirely within the Akron, Ohio facility. SiteBilt air handling solutions are designed and fabricated in Akron, but are then crated and shipped to the field and assembled on-site. 
 
 Industrial and Transportation Products: 
 The Industrial and Transportation Products segment was added July 1, 2016, when the Company purchased the assets of the Federal Hose Manufacturing, LLC of Painesville, Ohio. This business segment includes the manufacture of flexible interlocking metal hoses and the distribution of silicone and hydraulic hoses. Metal hoses are sold primarily to major heavy-duty truck manufacturers and major aftermarket suppliers in North America. Metal hoses are also sold into the agricultural, industrial and petrochemical markets. Silicone hoses are distributed to a number of industries in North America, including agriculture and general industrial markets. The Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of CAD Enterprises, Inc.( CAD in Phoenix, Arizona on July 1, 2018. CAD provides complete end-to-end engineering, machining, grinding, welding, brazing, heat treat and assembly solutions. Utilizing state-of-the-art machining and welding technologies, this segment is an industry leader in providing complex components produced from nickel-based superalloys and stainless steels. CAD s quality certifications include ISO 9001:2015/AS9100D, as well as Nadcap accreditation for Fluorescent Penetrant Inspection (FPI), Heat Treating/Braze, Non-Conventional Machining EDM, and TIG/E-Beam welding. The Company added the distribution of marine hose to this segment through the acquisition of the assets of MPI Products, Inc. MPI on January 2, 2020. MPI specializes in rubber and plastic marine hose for the recreational boating industry. MPI offers certified products that meet marine industry standards and regulations. Effective April 19, 2019, the Company, completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Data Genomix, Inc., an Ohio corporation DG ). DG is in the business of developing and commercializing marketing and data analytic technology applications. The Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of KT Acquisition LLC (name later changed to Komtek Forge LLC), in Worcester, Massachusetts on January 15, 2021. Komtek Forge LLC is a supplier of highly engineered forgings for the aerospace, industrial gas turbine, medical prosthetics, alternative energy, petrochemical and defense industries. The Company purchased all of the membership interests of Global-Tek-Manufacturing LLC Global-Tek ), in Ceiba, Puerto Rico and substantially all of the assets of Machining Technology LLC (name later changed to Global-Tek Colorado LLC or Global-Tek Colorado in Longmont, Colorado on March 2, 2021. Global-Tek and Global-Tek Colorado specialize in providing customers with highly engineered manufacturing solutions, including CNC machining, anodizing, electro polishing and laser marking for customers in the defense, aerospace and medical device markets. The Company purchased substantially all of the assets of Emergency Hydraulics LLC Emergency Hydraulics ), in Ocala, Florida on July 1, 2021. Emergency Hydraulics provides hydraulic hoses, air tank assemblies and related products to manufacturers of firefighting trucks and other emergency vehicles. The company purchased substantially all of the assets of Crawford REV Acquisition Company LLC (name later changed to Reverso Pumps LLC or Reverso Pumps ), in Davie, Florida on January 10, 2022. Reverso Pumps develops, designs, manufactures, sells and distributes oil change systems, fuel and oil transfer pumps, fuel primers, fuel polishing systems and engine flushing systems. 

The company purchased substantially all of the assets of Crawford SEP Acquisition Company LLC (name later changed to Separ America LLC or Separ America ), in Davie, Florida on January 10, 2022. Separ America develops, designs, manufactures, sells and distributes oil change systems, fuel and oil transfer pumps, fuel primers, fuel polishing systems and engine flushing systems. The company purchased substantially all of the assets of KMC Corp. dba Knitting Machinery Corp. Knitting Machinery ), in Cleveland, Ohio and Greenville, Ohio on May 1, 2022. Knitting Machinery specializes in manufacturing hose reinforcement machinery for the plastic, rubber and silicone industries. 
 
 The factors used to determine the Company s reportable segments follow the guidance of ASC 280 - 10 - 50 - 21 and 50 - 10 - 22 and include consideration of the type of products or services delivered, the customers and end markets served, the appliable revenue recognition methodology and the length of time it takes to deliver products or services to customers. The Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment was identified as a reportable segment consisting of Air Enterprises, because Air Enterprises is strategically and operationally different from our other companies in several ways. First, Air Enterprises sells equipment to end customers and our other businesses that fall into the Industrial and Transportation Products segment sell products and components to end customers, not equipment. Second, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment delivers custom air handling solutions to customers which is different than the Industrial and Transportation Products segment which delivers manufactured metal, silicone, hydraulic and marine hoses, complex engineered components, highly engineered forgings, highly engineered and machined parts and data analytic technology applications. Third, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment serves customers primarily in the health care and education end markets while the Industrial and Transportation Products segment delivers products to customers in the heavy-duty truck manufacturing, agricultural, industrial, petrochemical, aerospace, defense, industrial gas turbine, medical prosthetics, alternative energy and emergency vehicle end markets. Fourth, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment recognizes revenue primarily over time while the Industrial and Transportation Products segment recognizes revenue primarily at a point in time. Fifth, the Commercial Air Handling Equipment segment manufactures custom air handling solutions for customers over a period of three to eighteen months from the time the order is received to the time the air handling solution is delivered to the end customer as compared to the Industrial and Transportation Products segment which sells and delivers products to customers much more quickly, often within 30 days or less. For the reasons previously mentioned, Air Enterprises is strategically and operationally different than the other businesses owned by the Company and management finds it useful to include this business in the Commercial Air Handling Segment which is separate and distinct from all of our other businesses that reside in the Industrial and Transportation Products segment. 
 
 Corporate: 
 Corporate costs are aggregated here. 
 
 Information by industry segment is set forth below: 
 
 - 
 Gross Profit 
 Operating Income 
 Pretax Income 
 Net Income 

Gross Profit 
 Operating Income 
 Pretax Income 
 Net Income 

Industrial and Transportation Products Segment 
 Corporate 
 Total Capital Expenditures 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization: 
 Commercial Air Handling Equipment Segment 
 Industrial and Transportation Products Segment 
 Corporate 
 Total Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Identifiable Assets: 
 Commercial Air Handling Equipment Segment 
 Industrial and Transportation Products Segment 
 Corporate 
 Total Identifiable Assets 

Geographical Information Included in the consolidated financial statements are the following amounts related to geographic locations: 

Canada 
 United Kingdom 
 Puerto Rico 
 Mexico 
 Other 

All export sales to foreign countries are made in US Dollars. 

Gross Profit 
 Operating Income 
 Net Income 
 Net Income per Common Share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

Gross Profit 
 Operating Income 
 Net Income 
 Net Income per Common Share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and, as such, is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 The Company does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer along with the Company s Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

53

Table of Contents 

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as required by Rule 13a-15(c) of the Exchange Act. In making this evaluation, we used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

/s/ B. E. Powers B. E. Powers President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ J. P. Daly 
 
 J. P. Daly Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 21, 2023 
 
 REMEDIATION OF PREVIOUSLY REPORTED MATERIAL WEAKNESS 
 Management has implemented changes to strengthen our internal controls over the last year. These changes were intended to address the material weaknesses identified during the year ended December 31, 2021 and to enhance our overall control environment and include the ongoing activities described below. 
 
 Management has performed a comprehensive review of all of the internal controls of CAD, MPI and Federal Hose. New controllers were hired and trained at MPI and Federal Hose. In addition, new processes have been implemented related to the timeliness, formality and rigor of procedures at MPI and Federal Hose with respect to regular reconciliation of cash accounts with bank statements. Additionally, new processes have been implemented related to the timeliness, formality and rigor of CAD's procedures for costing work-in-process inventory, including its procedures for assigning, inputting, recording and reviewing raw material costs and other standard costs and the consistent recording of direct labor time. 
 
 We believe the measures described above facilitated the remediation of the material weakness identified during the year ended December 31, 2021 and strengthened our internal control over financial reporting. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes and will continue to review, optimize and enhance our financial reporting controls and procedures. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may take additional measures to address control deficiencies, or we may modify, or, in appropriate circumstances, not complete, certain of the remediation measures described above. 
 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Other than the mitigating controls discussed above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our control over financial reporting. 

54

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

55

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 Information required by this Item as to the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee financial expert, the procedures for recommending nominees to the Board of Directors and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the captions "Information Regarding Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors" and "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 The Company has historically operated under informal ethical guidelines, under which the Company's principal executive, financial, and accounting officers, are held accountable. In accordance with these guidelines, the Company has always promoted honest, ethical and lawful conduct throughout the organization and has adopted a written Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. In addition, the Company adopted and the Board of Directors approved a written Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for all officers and employees, which is available on the Company s website at www.crawfordunited.com under Investor Relations . 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption "Executive Compensation" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, since such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions "Principal Shareholders," "Share Ownership of Directors and Officers" and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, since such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption "Transactions with Management" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, since such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 The information required by this Item 14, which includes the fees of the Company s principal accountants, Meaden Moore, Ltd. (PCAOB ID is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption "Independent Public Accountants" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, since such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company's fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

56

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are included in Part II, Item 8: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 23 

Consolidated Balance Sheet - As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 25 

Consolidated Statement of Income Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 27 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity - Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 28 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 29 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 30 

(a) (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are included in Item 15 hereof. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 None 

57

Table of Contents 

SEQUENTIAL PAGE 
 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 All other Schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 

(a) (3) EXHIBITS 
 Reference is made to the Exhibit Index set forth herein. 

58

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

EXHIBIT NO.: 
 DOCUMENT 

1 
 Computation of Net Income Per Common Share. 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 8, 2016, by and among First Francis Company Inc., Federal Hose Manufacturing LLC, Edward F. Crawford, Matthew V. Crawford, the Company and Federal Hose Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 12, 2016). 

2.1(a) 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 2017, among Hickok Acquisition A LLC, Air Enterprises Acquisition LLC, A. Malachi Mixon, III and William M. Weber (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 5, 2017). 

2.1(b) 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, effective as of June 1, 2018, by and among Buyer, the Company, Supreme, Waekon Corporation and Robert L. Bauman (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on June 6, 2018). 

2.1(c) 
 Share Purchase Agreement, entered into as of July 5, 2018, by and among the Company, CAD Enterprises, Inc. and the Sellers Representative (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on July 6, 2018). 

2.1(d) 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, entered into as of April 19, 2019, by and between Hickok Operating LLC and Data Genomix, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on April 23, 2019). 

2.1(e) 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, entered into as of January 1, 2020, by and among the Crawford United Acquisition Company, LLC, MPI Products, Inc. (dba Marine Products International), the Seller Parties (as defined therein) and Dennis Koch, in his capacity as the Sellers Parties Representative (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 7, 2020). 

2.1(f) 
 Membership Interest and Purchase Agreement, entered into as of January 15, 2021, by and among CAD and the Sellers (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 21, 2021). 

2.1(g) 
 Membership Interest and Asset Purchase Agreement, effective as of March 1, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sellers and the Sellers Representative (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on March 5, 2021). 

2.1(h) 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated January 10, 2022, by and among Crawford REV Acquisition Company LLC and the Reverso Seller Parties (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 13, 2022). 

2.1(i) 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated January 10, 2022, by and among Crawford SEP Acquisition Company LLC and the Separ Seller Parties (incorporated by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on January 13, 2022). 

2.1(j) 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 1, 2022, by and among Knitting Machinery Company of America LLC and the Seller Parties named therein (incorporated by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on May 2, 2022). 

3.1 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on May 21, 2019). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K as filed with the Commission on January 14, 2013). 

3.3 
 Second Amended and Restated Code of Regulations (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on May 21, 2019). 

4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered Under the Exchange Act. 

10(a) 
 Hickok Incorporated 2010 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Company's definitive proxy statement for its 2010 annual meeting of shareholders as filed with the Commission on January 26, 2010). 

59

Table of Contents 

10(b) 
 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated June 3, 2016 between the Company and First Francis Company Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 7, 2016). 

10(c) 
 Revolving Credit Promissory Note, dated June 3, 2016, between the Company and First Francis Company Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 7, 2016). 

10(d) 
 Revolving Credit Promissory Note, dated June 27, 2016, between the Company and First Francis Company Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 30, 2016). 

10(e) 
 First Amendment to Promissory Note entered into as of July 5, 2018 between Hickok Incorporated and First Francis Company, Inc. with respect to Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 2,000,000. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 11, 2018). 

10(f) 
 First Amendment to Promissory Note entered into as of July 5, 2018 between Hickok Incorporated and First Francis Company, Inc. with respect to Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 2,768,662. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 11, 2018). 

10(g) 
 Amended and Restated 2013 Omnibus Equity Plan (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on May 14, 2019). 

10(h) 
 Credit Agreement, dated June 1, 2017, as amended by that certain First Amendment Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2018, that certain Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2019, that certain Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2019, that certain Fourth Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, and that certain Fifth Amendment Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2021, among Crawford United Corporation, Crawford AE LLC, Supreme Electronics Corp., Federal Hose Manufacturing LLC, Data Genomix LLC, Waekon Corporation, CAD Enterprises, Inc., Crawford United Acquisition Company, LLC, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated herein by reference to the appropriate exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on March 5, 2021). 

14 
 Crawford United Corporation Financial Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Specified Financial Officers. 

21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)Certification by the Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)Certification by the Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Extension Definition 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

XBRL information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Management contract, compensation plan or arrangement. 

The following pages contain the Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules as specified for Item 8 of Part II of Form 10-K. 

60

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CRAWFORD UNITED CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Brian E. Powers Brian E. Powers President and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 21, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the 21st day of March, 2023: 

SIGNATURE: 
 TITLE 

/s/ Brian E. Powers 
 President and Chief 

Brian E. Powers 
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John P. Daly 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

John P. Daly 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Edward F. Crawford 
 Chairman 

Edward F. Crawford 

/s/ Matthew V. Crawford 
 Director 

Matthew V. Crawford 

/s/ Steven H. Rosen 
 Director 

Steven H. Rosen 

/s/ Kirin M. Smith 
 Director 

Kirin M. Smith 

/s/ James W. Wert 
 Director 

James W. Wert 

/s/ Luis E. Jimenez 
 Director 

Luis E. Jimenez 

61

Table of Contents 

Reserve for inventory obsolescence 
 Reserve for product warranty 
 Valuation allowance for deferred taxes 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Reserve for doubtful accounts 
 Reserve for inventory obsolescence 
 Reserve for product warranty 
 Valuation allowance for deferred taxes 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 

62

<EX-1>
 2
 ex_491107.htm
 EXHIBIT 1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 1 

CRAWFORD UNITED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS 
 PER COMMON SHARE AND SHARE EQUIVALENTS 

Years Ended, 

December 31, 

			 2022 

December 31, 

			 2021 

NET INCOME 

Net income applicable to common shares for basic earnings per share 

6,561,403 

5,653,298 

Net Income applicable to common shares for diluted earnings per share 

6,561,403 

5,653,298 

SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Weighted average shares for basic earnings per share 

3,462,868 

3,405,061 

Net effect of dilutive options available under convertible note - based on the treasury stock method using year-end market price, if higher than average market price 

- 

- 

Total shares for diluted earnings per share 

3,462,868 

3,405,061 

Basic Earnings Per Common Share 

1.89 

1.66 

Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

1.89 

1.66 

Net effect of stock options was antidilutive for the period. 

</EX-1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 ex_485081.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

ex_485081.htm 

Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Crawford United Corporation (the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: its Class A common shares, without par value Class A common shares ). 

The rights of the holders of the Class A common shares are governed by the Ohio Revised Code, the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and the Company s Second Amended and Restated Code of Regulations, each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, and each of which may be amended from time to time. The following summary is qualified by reference to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Second Amended and Restated Regulations and applicable provisions of Ohio law. 

General . The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 Class A common shares, no par value, 2,500,000 Class B common shares, no par value, and 1,000,000 serial preferred shares, no par value. 

Voting . Class A common shares have one vote per share and Class B common shares have three votes per share, except under certain circumstances such as voting on voluntary liquidation and sale of substantially all of the Company s assets. 

Dividends . Holders of Class A and Class B common shares are entitled to dividends when and as declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for dividends. Dividends of up to 0.10 per year, noncumulative, must be paid on the Class A common shares before any dividends may be paid on the Class B common shares. We do not currently pay any cash dividends and are not currently planning to pay cash dividends in the near future. 

Liquidation . Upon a liquidation of the Company, our creditors and holders of our serial preferred shares with preferential liquidation rights will be paid before any distribution to holders of our common shares. The holders of common shares would be entitled to receive a pro rata distribution per share of any excess amount. 

Serial Preferred Shares . Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation empower our Board of Directors to issue up to 1,000,000 serial preferred shares from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors may fix the voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including, without limitation thereof, dividend rights, special voting rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any additional series or the designation of the series. Terms selected could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of our common shares or adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of our common shares without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The rights of holders of common shares will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any serial preferred shares that may be issued by us in the future. The issuance of serial preferred shares could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us or make removal of management more difficult. Additionally, the issuance of serial preferred shares may have the effect of decreasing the market price of our common shares and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common shares. 

Anti-takeover Effects of Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Our Second Amended and Restated Code of Regulations . Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Code of Regulations contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our Board of Directors and that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a future takeover or change in control of the Company unless that takeover or change in control is approved by our Board of Directors. 

These provisions include: 

Action by Written Consent . Our Second Amended and Restated Code of Regulations provides that shareholder action may be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting of shareholders, provided such action is authorized by a writing or writings signed by all of the shareholders who would be entitled to notice of a meeting for such purpose. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares . Our authorized but unissued common shares and serial preferred shares are available for future issuance without shareholder approval. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued common shares and serial preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of our common shares by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors . Our Second Amended and Restated Code of Regulations limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Ohio General Corporation Law and provides that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by such law. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar . The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common shares is Computershare, Inc., 462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600, Louisville, KY 40202. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-14>
 4
 ex_487891.htm
 EXHIBIT 14

ex_487891.htm 

Exhibit 14 

CRAWFORD UNITED 
 
 FINANCIAL CODE OF ETHICS 
 FOR THE 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
 SPECIFIED FINANCIAL OFFICERS 

This Crawford United Financial Code of Ethics applies to Crawford United s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. Crawford United expects all of its employees to act with personal and professional integrity in all aspects of their employment, to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, to deter wrongdoing and to abide by Crawford United s other policies and procedures that govern the conduct of Crawford United employees. This Financial Code of Ethics is intended to supplement Crawford United s other policies and procedures. 
 
You shall: 
 
(1) Engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 
 
(2) Produce full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that Crawford United files with, or submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulators and in other public communications made by Crawford United; 
 
(3) Comply with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, as well as the rules and regulations of self-regulatory organizations of which Crawford United is a member; 
 
(4) Promptly report any possible violation of this Financial Code of Ethics to the Chairman of the Audit Committee; and 
 
(5) Take all reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of non-public, proprietary information about Crawford United and its customers obtained or created in connection with your activities and to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of such information unless required by applicable law or regulation or legal or regulatory process. 
 
You understand that you are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to fraudulently influence, coerce, manipulate or mislead Crawford United s independent public accountants for the purpose of rendering the financial statements of Crawford United misleading. 
 
You further understand that you will be held accountable for your adherence to this Financial Code of Ethics. Your failure to observe the terms of this Financial Code of Ethics may result in disciplinary action. Violations of this Financial Code of Ethics also may constitute violations of law and may result in civil and criminal penalties for you and/or Crawford United. 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 5
 ex_487892.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_487892.htm 

Exhibit 21 

CRAWFORD UNITED 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 

COMPANY NAME 

STATE OF INCORPORATION 

Crawford AE LLC 

Ohio 

CAD Enterprises, Inc. 

Arizona 

Data Genomix LLC 

Ohio 

Federal Hose Manufacturing LLC 

Ohio 

Global-Tek Manufacturing LLC 

Puerto Rico 

Komtek Forge LLC 

Massachusetts 

Global-Tek Colorado 

Delaware 

Marine Products International LLC 

Ohio 

Supreme Electronics Corp. 

Mississippi 

The Friendly Patch Company LLC 

Ohio 

Knitting Machinery Company of America, LLC 

Ohio 

Waekon Corporation 

Ohio 

Reverso Pumps LLC 
			 Florida 

Separ America LLC 
			 Florida 

Emergency Hydraulics LLC 
			 Florida 

Formerly named MTA Acquisition Company LLC 

 inactive 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 ex_485082.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

ex_485082.htm 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-125672, 333-215433 and 333-238802) of Crawford United Corporation (the "Company") of our report dated March 21 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ MEADEN MOORE, LTD. 

Meaden Moore, Ltd. 

 Cleveland, Ohio 

March 21, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex_485083.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_485083.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Brian E. Powers, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Crawford United (the "registrant"); 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Brian E. Powers 

Brian E. Powers 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 21, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex_485084.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_485084.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, John P. Daly, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Crawford United (the "registrant"); 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ John P, Daly 

John P. Daly 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 21, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex_485085.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_485085.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Crawford United (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Brian Powers, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Brian E. Powers 

Brian E. Powers 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 21, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex_485086.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_485086.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Crawford United (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, John P. Daly, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John P. Daly 

John P. Daly 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 21, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 crawa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 crawa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 crawa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 crawa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 crawa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

