<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1438533_0001438533-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14290003</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>566256</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3307536</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4034574</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3357468</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2822224</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001438533-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223170110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001438533-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Travere Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438533
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				262383102
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36257
		FILM NUMBER:		23660701

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3611 VALLEY CENTRE DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-969-7879

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3611 VALLEY CENTRE DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Retrophin, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Desert Gateway, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001438533-23-000008.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 tvtx-20221231.htm
 10-K

tvtx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 The lack of check mark is not intended and shall not be construed as an indication as to whether this item is applicable, pursuant to guidance from the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that no such indication is required pending adoption of the rules underlying this item. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. . 
 The number of shares of outstanding common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant as of February 21, 2023 was . 

FORM 10-K REPORT INDEX 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 58 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 58 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 59 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 59 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 60 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 61 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 61 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 75 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 76 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 80 
 Item 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 80 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 84 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 84 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 84 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 84 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 87 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Travere Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements herein which are not historical reflect our current expectations and projections about the Company s future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition, prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to the Company's management and is subject to its interpretation of what are believed to be significant factors affecting the Company's business, including many assumptions regarding future events. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things: 
 our planned commercial launch of FILSPARI (sparsentan), including when we expect FILSPARI to first be available; 
 the expected timing for reporting topline results from the confirmatory endpoint analysis of the PROTECT Study; 
 our belief that preliminary eGFR data from the PROTECT Study available at the time of the interim analysis are indicative of a potential clinically meaningful treatment effect after two years of treatment; 
 the potential traditional regulatory approval of sparsentan for IgAN; 
 the estimated addressable U.S. patient population for FILSPARI under the indication approved via accelerated approval; 
 the anticipated review decision by the EMA on the potential approval of the CMA application for sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN, and the timing thereof; 
 the timing for reporting topline results from the confirmatory endpoints in the ongoing DUPLEX Study in FSGS; 
 our plan to submit a supplemental NDA for traditional approval for FSGS in the second half of 2023 and a subsequent variation to the CMA of sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS in Europe by the end of 2023, pending supportive data; 
 our ability to produce, sustain and expand sales of our products; 
 our ability to develop, acquire and/or introduce new products including expectations with regard to clinical trials and preclinical studies; 
 our projected future sales, profitability and other financial metrics; 
 our future financing plans; 
 our anticipated needs for working capital; 
 the anticipated trends in our industry; 
 acquisitions of other companies or assets that we might undertake in the future; 
 our operations in the United States and abroad, and the domestic and foreign regulatory, economic and political conditions; and 
 competition existing today or that will likely arise in the future. 
 Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, seek, or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the ability to raise sufficient capital to continue the Company s operations. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under Risk Factors and matters described in this Annual Report generally. In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned to not unduly rely upon these statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report will in fact occur. Potential investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 
 The specific discussions in this Annual Report about the Company include financial projections and future estimates and expectations about the Company s business. The projections, estimates and expectations are presented in this Annual Report only as a guide about future possibilities and do not represent actual amounts or assured events. All the projections and estimates are based exclusively on the Company management s own assessment of the business, the industry in which it works and the economy at large and other operational factors, including capital resources and liquidity, financial condition, fulfillment of contracts and opportunities. The actual results may differ significantly from the projections. 
 Potential investors should not make an investment decision based solely on the Company s projections, estimates or expectations. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factor Summary 
 Below is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC before making investment decisions regarding our common stock. 
 Our future prospects are highly dependent upon our ability to successfully develop and execute commercialization strategies for our products, including FILSPARI (sparsentan) to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary Immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN), and to attain market acceptance among physicians, patients and healthcare payers. 
 In order to operate our business and increase adoption and sales of our products, we need to continue to develop our commercial organization, including maintaining and growing a highly experienced and skilled workforce with qualified sales representatives. 
 Our clinical trials are expensive and time-consuming and may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. 
 Communications and/or feedback from regulatory authorities related to our clinical trials does not guarantee any particular outcome from or timeline for regulatory review, and expedited regulatory review pathways may not actually lead to faster development or approval. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish may change materially as more patient data become available and audit and verification procedures are completed. 
 We face substantial generic and other competition, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 Healthcare reform initiatives, unfavorable pricing regulations, and changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or patients' access to insurance coverage could affect the pricing of and demand for our products. 
 We are dependent on third parties to manufacture and distribute our products. 
 The market opportunities for our products and product candidates may be smaller than we believe they are. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or commercialization. 
 We do not currently have patent protection for certain of our commercial products. If we are unable to obtain and maintain intellectual property relating to our technology and products, their value may be adversely affected. 
 We expect to rely on orphan drug status to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates, but our orphan drug designations may not confer marketing exclusivity or other expected commercial benefits. 
 We will likely experience fluctuations in operating results and could incur substantial losses, and the market price for shares of our common stock may be volatile. 
 Negative publicity regarding any of our products could impair our ability to market any such product and may require us to spend time and money to address these issues. 
 We may need substantial funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate new products or businesses we may acquire. 
 We may become involved in litigation matters, which could result in substantial costs, divert management's attention and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and may limit our commercial success. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context requires otherwise, the terms we , our , us , Travere and the Company refer to Travere Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as well as our direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 We own or have rights to various trademarks used in our business, including those referenced in the subsection of Item 1 below titled Trademarks . Our logos and trademarks are the property of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Those statements in the following discussion that are not historical in nature should be considered forward-looking statements that are inherently uncertain. Actual results and the timing of the events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in San Diego, California, focused on identifying, developing and delivering life-changing therapies to people living with rare kidney, liver, and metabolic diseases. In addition to commercializing our portfolio of approved products, our approach centers on advancing our innovative pipeline with multiple late-stage clinical programs targeting rare diseases with significant unmet medical needs. In February 2023, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted accelerated approval to our lead pipeline candidate sparsentan (which will be marketed in the United States under the name FILSPARI to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression. Sparsentan is also in late-stage development for focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS). IgAN and FSGS are rare kidney disorders that often lead to end-stage kidney disease. We are also developing pegtibatinase (TVT-058) for the treatment of classical homocystinuria (HCU), a genetic disorder caused by a deficiency in a pivotal enzyme essential to the body. Our early research efforts include partnering with patient advocacy groups and government researchers to identify potential therapeutics for Alagille syndrome (ALGS), a condition with no approved treatment options. In addition, we continue to evaluate potential opportunities to expand our pipeline and approved products through licenses and acquisitions of products in areas that will serve rare patients with serious unmet medical need and that we believe offer attractive growth characteristics. Our research and development efforts are at the forefront of our mission to address the unmet needs of patients and we support this innovation by reinvesting revenues from our commercialized products. We are committed to ensuring broad access and educational and diagnostic support for patients. 
 Our Pipeline and Approved Products 
 We have a diversified pipeline designed to address areas of high unmet need in rare kidney, liver, and metabolic diseases. We invest revenues from our commercial portfolio into our pipeline with the goal of delivering new treatments for diseases with no approved or limited therapies. 
 The following table summarizes the status of our clinical programs, preclinical programs and approved products, each of which is described in further detail below. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

CTX: cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis 1 On February 17, 2023, the FDA granted accelerated approval of FILSPARI (sparsentan) to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally a urine protein-to-creatinine ratio (UPCR) 1.5 gram/gram. 
 2 CDCA is not indicated for CTX, but has received a medical necessity determination in the United States by the FDA for CTX. We are conducting a Phase 3 clinical trial to examine the safety and efficacy of CDCA (Chenodal for the treatment of CTX. 
 3 Pegtibatinase (TVT-058) is currently in a Phase 1/2 clinical study. 
 
 FILSPARI (sparsentan) 
 On February 17, 2023, the FDA granted accelerated approval of FILSPARI (sparsentan) to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally a urine protein-to-creatinine ratio (UPCR) 1.5 gram/gram. We expect FILSPARI to be available beginning the week of February 27, 2023, and will be providing a comprehensive patient support program throughout the patient s treatment journey. 
 This indication is granted under accelerated approval based on reduction in proteinuria. It has not been established whether FILSPARI slows kidney function decline in patients with IgAN. The continued approval of FILSPARI may be contingent upon confirmation of a clinical benefit in the ongoing Phase 3 PROTECT Study, which is designed to demonstrate whether FILSPARI slows kidney function decline. Topline results from the two-year confirmatory endpoints in the PROTECT Study are expected in the fourth quarter of 2023 and are intended to support traditional approval of FILSPARI. 
 FILSPARI, a once-daily, oral medication is designed to selectively target two critical pathways in the disease progression of IgAN (endothelin 1 and angiotensin-II) and is the first and only non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for the treatment of this condition. 
 FILSPARI (sparsentan) is a dual endothelin angiotensin receptor antagonist (DEARA). Pre-clinical data have shown that blockade of both endothelin type A and angiotensin II type 1 pathways in forms of rare chronic kidney disease, reduces proteinuria, protects podocytes and prevents glomerulosclerosis and mesangial cell proliferation. Sparsentan has been granted Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of IgAN in the U.S. and Europe. We expect that FILSPARI will be granted seven years of Orphan Drug Exclusivity for proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally at UPCR 1.5 gram/gram. 
 IgAN is characterized by hematuria, proteinuria, and variable rates of progressive renal failure. With an estimated prevalence of up to 150,000 people in the United States and greater numbers in Europe and Asia, IgAN is the most common primary glomerular disease. Most patients are diagnosed between the ages of 16 and 35, with up to 40 progressing to end stage kidney disease within 15 years. FILSPARI is the first and only non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for this condition. At launch, we expect approximately 30,000 to 50,000 patients in the United States to be addressable under FILSPARI's accelerated approval indication statement. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The approval of FILSPARI, granted under the FDA s accelerated approval pathway, is based on clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in proteinuria compared to an active comparator in the pivotal and ongoing Phase 3 PROTECT Study, the largest head-to-head interventional study to date in IgAN. It is a global, randomized, multicenter, double-blind, parallel-arm, active-controlled clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of 400mg of sparsentan, compared to 300mg of irbesartan, in 404 patients ages 18 years and up with IgAN and persistent proteinuria despite available ACE or ARB therapy. 
 The PROTECT Study protocol provided for an unblinded analysis of at least 280 patients to be performed after 36 weeks of treatment to evaluate the primary efficacy endpoint - the change in proteinuria (UPCR) at week 36 from baseline. Secondary efficacy endpoints include the rate of change in eGFR following the initiation of randomized treatment over 58-week and 110-week periods, as well as the rate of change in eGFR over 52-week and 104-week periods following the first six weeks of randomized treatment in approximately 380 patients. In August 2021, we announced positive topline interim results from the ongoing Phase 3 PROTECT Study. The PROTECT Study met its pre-specified interim primary efficacy endpoint with statistical significance. After 36 weeks of treatment, patients receiving FILSPARI achieved a mean reduction in proteinuria from baseline of 49.8 percent, compared to a mean reduction in proteinuria from baseline of 15.1 percent for irbesartan-treated patients (p 40 reduction in UPCR from baseline, at week 36. In February 2021, we announced that the ongoing Phase 3 DUPLEX Study achieved its pre-specified interim FSGS partial remission of proteinuria endpoint following the 36-week interim period. After 36 weeks of treatment, 42.0 percent of patients receiving sparsentan achieved FPRE, compared to 26.0 percent of irbesartan-treated patients (p=0.0094). A preliminary review of the results from the interim analysis suggests that, as of the data cut-off, sparsentan has been generally well-tolerated and the overall safety results have been generally comparable between treatment groups. The confirmatory primary endpoint of the DUPLEX Study to support traditional regulatory approval is the rate of change in eGFR over 108 weeks of treatment. As of the time of the interim analyses, available long-term eGFR data for the confirmatory endpoint were limited. Consistent with the DUPLEX Study protocol, patients will continue in a blinded manner to assess the treatment effect on eGFR slope over 108 weeks in the confirmatory endpoint analysis. The DUPLEX Study is fully enrolled and topline results from the confirmatory endpoint are expected in the second quarter of 2023. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 In May 2021, we provided a regulatory update regarding the sparsentan FSGS program, including feedback from the FDA that additional data would be needed to potentially support a submission for accelerated approval under subpart H. We and the FDA subsequently aligned on a plan for us to provide the FDA with additional eGFR data from a 2022 data-cut to potentially support a submission for accelerated approval for FSGS. We provided the FDA with such additional eGFR data from the ongoing DUPLEX Study in the first half of 2022 and held a subsequent Type A meeting with the FDA to discuss the data and the potential for a submission for accelerated approval. Following review of the data, the FDA has communicated that it does not deem such data sufficiently supportive for an accelerated approval submission, but indicated that the DUPLEX Study as designed maintains the potential for traditional approval pending completion of the study. We are planning to continue the study to completion which is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023, and if the data are supportive, file for traditional approval in the second half of 2023. 
 Pending completion of the DUPLEX Study and data supportive of approval, we and CSL Vifor are targeting to submit by the end of 2023 a subsequent variation of sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS in Europe. If sparsentan receives marketing authorization in any of the licensed territories, CSL Vifor will be responsible for all commercialization activities in such licensed territories. We remain responsible for the clinical development of sparsentan and will retain all rights to sparsentan in the United States and rest of world outside of the licensed territories, provided that CSL Vifor has a right of negotiation to expand the licensed territories into Canada, China, Brazil and/or Mexico. 
 Pegtibatinase (TVT-058) 
 Pegtibatinase (TVT-058) is a novel investigational human enzyme replacement candidate being evaluated for the treatment of classical homocystinuria (HCU). Classical HCU is a rare metabolic disorder characterized by elevated levels of plasma homocysteine that can lead to vision, skeletal, circulatory and central nervous system complications. It is estimated that there are at least 3,500 people living with HCU in the United States with similar numbers in Europe. Pegtibatinase has been granted Rare Pediatric Disease, Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations by the FDA, as well as orphan drug designation in the United States and European Union. Pegtibatinase is currently being evaluated in the Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study, a double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled dose escalation study to assess its safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and clinical effects in patients with classical HCU. 
 In December 2021, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study. Pegtibatinase demonstrated dose-dependent reductions in total homocysteine (tHcy) during the 12 weeks of treatment, and in the highest dose cohort to date evaluating 1.5mg/kg of pegtibatinase twice weekly (BIW), treatment with pegtibatinase resulted in rapid and sustained reductions in total homocysteine (tHcy) through 12 weeks of treatment, including a 55.1 mean relative reduction in tHcy from baseline as well as maintenance of tHcy below a clinically meaningful threshold of 100 mol. Additionally, in a dose-dependent manner in the study to date, methionine levels were substantially reduced and cystathionine levels were substantially elevated following treatment with pegtibatinase, suggesting that pegtibatinase acts in a manner similar to the native CBS enzyme. To date in the study, pegtibatinase has been generally well-tolerated , with no discontinuations due to treatment-related adverse events. 
 Following positive results from the first five cohorts of the ongoing Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study, we are evaluating pegtibatinase in a final cohort in the COMPOSE Study to further inform our pivotal development program to ultimately support potential approval of pegtibatinase for the treatment of HCU. The additional cohort was initiated to inform and refine formulation work for future development and commercial purposes and to further evaluate the dose response curve for pegtibatinase. In the fourth quarter of 2022, enrollment completed in the sixth and final cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study. We anticipate reporting additional data from COMPOSE in mid-2023. In parallel with completing the final cohort in the COMPOSE Study, we are preparing for the potential initiation of a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of pegtibatinase in patients with HCU in the second half of 2023, subject to communications and feedback from the FDA and associated program assessments. 
 We acquired pegtibatinase as part of the November 2020 acquisition of Orphan Technologies Limited. 
 Chenodal 
 Chenodal (chenodeoxycholic acid or CDCA) is a naturally occurring bile acid that is approved for the treatment of people with radiolucent stones in the gallbladder. While indicated for radiolucent stones in the gallbladder, Chenodal has been recognized as the standard of care for cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) for more than three decades, although it is not currently labeled for this indication. CTX is a rare, progressive and underdiagnosed bile acid synthesis disorder affecting many parts of the body. In September 2022, we were granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the investigation of Chenodal for CTX. In January 2020, we randomized the first patients in our Phase 3 RESTORE Study to evaluate the effects of Chenodal in adult and pediatric patients with CTX, and the study enrollment remains open. The pivotal study is intended to support an NDA submission for marketing authorization of Chenodal for CTX in the United States. During 2023, we expect to complete the ongoing Phase 3 RESTORE Study in CTX. Pending supportive data, we anticipate being in position to subsequently submit an NDA for a CTX indication. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Preclinical Programs: 
 We are a participant in a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA), which forms a multi-stakeholder approach to pool resources with leading experts, and incorporate the patient perspective early in the therapeutic identification and development process. We are partnering with the National Institutes of Health s National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS) and a leading patient advocacy organization, Alagille Syndrome Alliance, aimed at the identification of potential small molecule therapeutics for ALGS. There are no treatment options currently approved for ALGS. 
 We are party to a collaboration agreement with PharmaKrysto Limited and their early-stage cystinuria discovery program, whereby we are responsible for funding all research and development expenses for the pre-clinical activities associated with the cystinuria program. 
 Other Commercial Products: 
 Thiola and Thiola EC (tiopronin) 
 Thiola and Thiola EC are approved by the FDA for the treatment of cystinuria, a rare genetic cystine transport disorder that causes high cystine levels in the urine and the formation of recurring kidney stones. Due to the larger stone size, cystine stones may be more difficult to pass, often requiring surgical procedures to remove. More than 80 percent of people with cystinuria develop their first stone by the age of 20. More than 25 percent will develop cystine stones by the age of 10. Recurring stone formation can cause loss of kidney function in addition to substantial pain and loss of productivity associated with renal colic and stone passage. While a portion of people living with the disease are able to manage symptoms through diet and fluid intake, the prevalence of cystinuria in the US is estimated to be 10,000 to 12,000, indicating that there may be as many as 4,000 to 5,000 affected individuals with cystinuria in the US that would be candidates for Thiola or Thiola EC. 
 In June 2019 we announced that the FDA approved 100 mg and 300 mg tablets of Thiola EC, an enteric-coated formulation of Thiola, to be used for the treatment of cystinuria. Thiola EC offers the potential for administration with or without food, and the ability to reduce the number of tablets necessary to manage cystinuria. Thiola EC became available to patients in July 2019. 
 In May 2021, a generic option for the 100 mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) became available and in June 2022, a second option for the 100 mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved. These generic versions of the original formulation of Thiola have impacted sales, and these or additional generic versions of either formulation could have a material adverse impact on sales. 
 Cholbam (cholic acid) 
 The FDA approved Cholbam (cholic acid capsules) in March 2015, the first FDA-approved treatment for pediatric and adult patients with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for adjunctive treatment of patients with peroxisome biogenesis disorder-Zellweger spectrum disorder. The effectiveness of Cholbam has been demonstrated in clinical trials for bile acid synthesis disorders and the adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders. An estimated 200 to 300 patients are current candidates for therapy. 
 Chenodal (chenodiol) 
 Chenodal is a synthetic oral form of chenodeoxycholic acid ("CDCA"), a naturally occurring primary bile acid synthesized from cholesterol in the liver. The FDA approved Chenodal for the treatment of people with radiolucent stones in the gallbladder. In 2010, Chenodal was granted orphan drug designation for the treatment of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis ("CTX"), a rare autosomal recessive lipid storage disease. We acquired Chenodal in March 2014. 
 While Chenodal is not labeled for CTX, it received a medical necessity determination in the US by the FDA and has been used as the standard of care for more than three decades. We are working to obtain FDA approval of Chenodal for the treatment of CTX and initiated a Phase 3 clinical trial for this indication in January 2020. The prevalence of CTX is estimated in the literature to be as high as 1 in 70,000 in the overall population. Pathogenesis of CTX involves deficiency of the enzyme 27-hydroxylase (encoded by the gene CYP27A1), a rate-limiting enzyme in the synthesis of primary bile acids, including CDCA, from cholesterol. The disruption of primary bile acid synthesis in CTX leads to toxic accumulation of cholesterol and cholestanol in most tissues. Patients may present with intractable diarrhea, premature cataracts, tendon xanthomas, atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular disease in childhood and adolescence. Neurological manifestations of the disease, including dementia and cognitive and cerebellar deficiencies, emerge during late adolescence and adulthood. The types, combinations and severity of symptoms can be different from person to person, and making diagnosis challenging and often delayed. Oral administration of CDCA has been shown to normalize primary bile acid synthesis in patients with CTX. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Our Strategy 
 Our vision is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the delivery of innovation and hope to patients in the global rare disease community. In order to achieve our vision, we intend to: 
 Focus on developing products to treat rare diseases characterized by severe unmet medical needs. We believe that our research, development, and commercialization capabilities in rare disease represent distinct competitive advantages. We leverage our development capabilities in rare disease to focus on advancing therapeutic candidates with life-changing potential. Given these capabilities, the well-established regulatory model and the ability to demonstrate clinical effects in small clinical studies, we believe that we can successfully bring new therapies to patients living with severe unmet medical needs. 
 Develop a sustainable pipeline by employing disciplined decision criteria in the evaluation of potential in-licensing candidates. We seek to build a sustainable product pipeline by employing multiple therapeutic approaches and by developing or acquiring orphan drug candidates. We seek to augment our internally developed pipeline projects by selectively and strategically acquiring pipeline assets that will add value to the portfolio. We continue to evaluate potential in-licensing, out-licensing and other potential relationships with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. We intend to mitigate risk by employing rigorous decision criteria, favoring drug candidates that have undergone at least some clinical study. Our decision to acquire rights to a drug candidate also depends on the scientific merits of the available clinical data; the identifiable orphan patient population; the economic terms of any proposed acquisition of rights; the projected amount of capital required to develop the drug candidate; and the economic potential of the drug candidate, should it be commercialized. We believe this strategy minimizes our clinical development risk and allows us to accelerate the development and potential commercialization of current and future drug candidates. 
 Leverage our commercialization expertise to effectively deliver the therapies we develop. Our strategy is to maximize the benefit and value of our commercial products through commercial execution and expertise needed to successfully support rare disease patients. Our approach may vary depending on the product and will be based on a number of factors including capital necessary to execute on each option, size of the market and terms of potential collaboration and/or licensing offers from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with respect to jurisdictions outside the United States. 
 Listen to patients. Leadership in rare disease demands attention beyond innovative medicines. By listening to patients and leaders in the rare disease community, including those who have traditionally been underserved, we are focusing on barriers that prevent some patients from accessing the incredible innovation that our industry is delivering, including access to clinical trials and rare disease specialists. 
 Support earlier diagnosis. We support efforts in furtherance of enabling earlier diagnosis. For example, we provide a cholestasis gene panel to help families gain understanding of their infant's condition. The growth of our commercial business reflects the strong capabilities of our commercial and medical teams to work across multiple medical specialties to help patients find a diagnosis. 
 Competition 
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Many of our competitors are larger than our company and have substantially greater financial, marketing and technical resources than we have. 
 The development and commercialization of new products to treat rare diseases is highly competitive, and we expect considerable competition from major pharmaceutical, biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical companies. As a result, there are, and will likely continue to be, extensive research and substantial financial resources invested in the discovery and development of new orphan drug products. 
 Our competition will be determined in part by the potential indications for which drugs are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. The speed with which we can develop products, complete preclinical testing, clinical trials, approval processes, and supply commercial quantities to market are expected to be important competitive factors. We expect that competition among products approved for sale will be based on various factors, including product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability, price, reimbursement, patent position, and regulatory exclusivity. 
 Chenodal 
 There are other approved chenodeoxycholic acid products available outside of the United States. Furthermore, Chenodal is subject to immediate competition from compounded and generic entrants, as the Abbreviated New Drug Application ("ANDA") for this drug has no remaining patent or non-patent exclusivity. Both Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH and Leadiant Biosciences, Inc. have FDA Orphan Drug Designations granted for the treatment of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis CTX") (granted 2004 and 2007, respectively); however neither company, based on publicly available information, has initiated any prospective clinical studies in CTX. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Cholbam 
 There are currently no FDA-approved treatments in the United States that compete with Cholbam. In March 2022, regulatory exclusivity expired for Cholbam and is subject to immediate generic competition. 
 Pegtibatinase 
 Current treatment options for homocystinuria (HCU) are limited to protein-restricted diet and supplemental use of vitamin B6 and betaine. 
 According to public sources, Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. (pegtarviliase (formerly known as AGLE-177)) and Codexis, Inc. (CDX-6512) are developing enzyme replacement therapies for the treatment of HCU. Additionally, Synlogic Inc. / Gingko Bioworks Holdings, Inc. are developing a microbiome therapy, SYNB1353, for the management of HCU. 
 There are other pre-clinical development programs in HCU that may enter the clinic. 
 Thiola 
 There are currently no FDA-approved generic versions of THIOLA EC (tiopronin) tablets in the United States. However, Thiola EC could be subject to competition from compounded and generic entrants in the future. Based on paragraph IV notices our licensor, Mission Pharmacal Company ("Mission" or "Mission Pharmacal"), has received to date, we are aware that at least three have filed ANDAs for Thiola EC. 
 In October 2022, Mission was granted a patent covering the treatment of cystinuria by administering Thiola EC with food (US Patent No. 11,458,104, the 104 patent and has listed this patent in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (the Orange Book). Following Mission s listing of the '104 patent in the Orange Book, and as of December 31, 2022, Mission has received three paragraph IV notice letters from three generic manufacturers notifying Mission that each has filed an ANDA seeking approval of a proposed generic version of Thiola EC (tiopronin) 100 mg and 300 mg oral tablets before expiration of the '104 patent and asserting that the '104 patent is not infringed and/or is invalid, with each such ANDA having been filed prior to the granting and listing of the 104 patent. Under our agreement with Mission, we have the right to enforce the '104 patent. We are evaluating these paragraph IV notices, and will evaluate any other paragraph IV notices on a case by case basis in order to determine whether to initiate patent litigation against any such generic manufacturer. Through Mission, we have received notice that at least one of these generic manufacturers may challenge the 104 patent through the Patent Appeals Board procedures at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
 As of February 1, 2023, two generic versions of THIOLA (tiopronin) tablets have been approved in the United States. Availability of either product is subject to the discretion of either ANDA holder (Teva Pharmaceuticals USA Inc. and Par Pharmaceutical Inc.). Furthermore, Thiola is subject to further competition from compounded and generic entrants, if any. 
 Penicillamine agents, including Cuprimine and Depen are FDA approved for the treatment of cystinuria, as well as Wilson s disease. Additional generic versions of penicillamine have been approved by the FDA and some have entered the market. 
 Captopril is not FDA approved for the treatment of cystinuria but has been prescribed for patients with cystinuria. 
 Advicenne Pharma is developing ADV-7103, a microtablet formulation containing potassium citrate monohydrate and potassium bicarbonate, for the potential oral treatment of cystinuria. 
 Based on public sources, there are other preclinical assets in development that may enter the clinic for the treatment of cystinuria. 
 FILSPARI/Sparsentan 
 FILSPARI is the first and only non-immunosuppressive therapy approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression. There are currently no non-immunosuppressive pharmacological treatments approved by the EMA for IgAN or by the FDA or EMA for the treatment of FSGS. 
 For IgAN, the current standard of care is renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) blockade with immunosuppression. RAAS blockage is also commonly used in patients with significant proteinuria or rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis. 
 In December 2021, the FDA granted an accelerated approval for Calliditas budesonide delayed release capsules (Tarpeyo) to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally at UPCR 1.5 gram/gram. In July 2022, the EMA conditionally authorized Calliditas (along with EU/UK licensee, Stada Arzneimittel) for the same product (branded as Kinpeygo) for a similar indication (for the treatment of primary IgAN in adults at risk of rapid disease progression with a UPCR 1.5 gram/gram). The confirmatory portion of the pivotal global study for the product is ongoing and the company (along with partner Everest Medicines) have filed for approval in China. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Based on public sources, Acelyrin Inc. (ValenzaBio Inc.), Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Alpine Immune Sciences Inc., Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca (Alexion Pharmaceuticals), BioCity Pharmaceutics Corporation, BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Calliditas Therapeutics / Stada / Everest Medicines, Chinook Therapeutics / SanReno Therapeutics, DiaMedica Therapeutics, Eledon Pharmaceuticals, Ionis Pharmaceuticals / Roche, Jiangsu HengRui Medicine Corporation, MorphoSys / Human Immunology Biosciences Inc., Novartis, Omeros Corporation, Otsuka (Visterra), Reata Pharmaceuticals, RemeGen, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, and Vera Therapeutics may have programs in clinical development for the treatment of IgAN. Some of the listed companies have several assets that are in development for IgAN and some of these programs may no longer be active or may be deprioritized in favor of other indications. 
 Additionally, there are several pre-clinical, Phase 1, and later-stage programs/assets in development (including those that are academia-sponsored) that may enter the clinic for the treatment of IgAN or related conditions. 
 In 2021, there were global (including United States, European Union, United Kingdom and Japan) regulatory label expansions of AstraZeneca's Farxiga/Forxiga in chronic kidney disease, which could potentially be competitive with or complementary to sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN and/or FSGS. There are additional marketed SGLT2 inhibitors (such as Boehringer Ingelheim / Eli Lilly s Jardiance) which may also expand their current labels to include non-diabetic chronic kidney disease. Additionally, although patients diagnosed with IgAN are not part of the label (nor were they included in the initial pivotal studies), Bayer s non-steroidal mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist, Kerendia, could be used in patients with diabetic kidney disease and theoretically, those with concurrent IgAN. 
 Finally, there are ERAs (endothelin receptor antagonists) that are developed for CKD-related conditions (including for resistant hypertension by Idorsia Pharmaceuticals / Janssen Pharmaceuticals) which could potentially be used (if approved) in CKD patients without a specific IgAN diagnosis. 
 For FSGS, the current standard of care includes steroids, ACE/ARBs, calcineurin inhibitors, dialysis, and renal transplant. Moreover, as an adjuvant apheresis device which works to remove lipoproteins from blood, the Liposorber LA-15 System (Kaneka Pharma America LLC) is FDA-approved for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with Nephrotic Syndrome associated with primary FSGS when standard options are unsuccessful or post-transplant with FSGS recurrence. A post-approval study with this device is ongoing. 
 Based on public sources, Boehringer Ingelheim, Chinook Therapeutics, Dimerix Bioscience, Goldfinch Bio, Horizon Therapeutics (Amgen, Inc.), Pfizer Inc., Reata Pharmaceuticals, River 3 Renal Corp., and Vertex Pharmaceuticals may have programs in clinical development for the treatment of FSGS or related conditions. Some of these programs may no longer be active or may be deprioritized in favor of other indications. 
 Additionally, there are several pre-clinical, Phase 1, and later-stage programs/assets in development (including those that are academia-sponsored) that may enter the clinic for the treatment of FSGS or related conditions. 
 Licenses and Royalties 
 Ligand License Agreement 
 In 2012, we entered into a license agreement with Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Ligand"), granting us a worldwide sublicense for the development, manufacture and commercialization of FILSPARI (sparsentan). Under the license agreement, Ligand granted us a sublicense under certain of its patents and other intellectual property in connection with the development and commercialization of sparsentan. Under the license agreement, Ligand is obligated to transfer to us certain information, records, regulatory filings, materials and inventory controlled by Ligand and relating to or useful for developing sparsentan. We must use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize sparsentan in specified major market countries and other countries in which we believe it is commercially reasonable to develop and commercialize such products. 
 As consideration for the license, we are required to make substantial payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, totaling up to 114.1 million, including a 23.0 million milestone payment to Ligand (and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ("BMS")) that was triggered upon the accelerated approval of FILSPARI in February 2023. Upon payment, the 23.0 million will be capitalized as an intangible asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, we are obligated to pay to Ligand (and BMS) an escalating annual royalty between 15 and 17 of net sales of FILSPARI and any other products containing sparsentan or related compounds. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has capitalized 18.4 million for contractual milestone payments under the Ligand License Agreement. 
 Under the terms of the license agreement, BMS has a right of first negotiation and Ligand has a right of second negotiation with respect to any license arrangement for a licensed compound, except to the extent such rights may be waived. 
 The license agreement will continue until neither party has any further payment obligations under the agreement and is expected to continue for approximately 10 to 20 years from the effective date. Ligand may terminate the license agreement due to (i) our insolvency, (ii) our material uncured breach of the agreement, (iii) our failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize sparsentan as described above or (iv) certain other conditions. We may terminate the license agreement due to a material uncured breach of the agreement by Ligand. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Thiola License Agreement 
 In 2014, we entered into a license agreement with Mission, pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing license to market, sell and commercialize Thiola (tiopronin) in the United States and Canada, and a non-exclusive license to use know-how relating to Thiola to the extent necessary to market Thiola. We paid Mission an up-front license fee of 3.0 million and during the term of the agreement will pay guaranteed minimum royalties during each calendar year the greater of 2.0 million or 20 of our net sales of Thiola in the United States and Canada. 
 In October 2015, the license agreement was amended to allow for us to secure enough API to ensure an adequate level of safety stock to prevent an interruption in the supply of Thiola and to prepare for a reformulation development project. 
 In March 2016, the license agreement was amended to, among other things, include a new formulation development project for tiopronin tablets. 
 In November 2017, we amended the license agreement to extend the term through May 2029. 
 In November 2018, the license agreement was amended to remove all territorial restrictions on our license rights. As consideration for the expanded territory we paid an up-front fee of 0.3 million and will pay guaranteed minimum royalties equaling the greater of 0.1 million or 20 of our Thiola net sales generated outside of the United States during each calendar year. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our product candidates and our discovery programs, processes and know-how are important to our business. We have sought patent protection in the United States and certain other jurisdictions for sparsentan, where available and when appropriate. Our policy is to pursue, maintain and defend patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties, and to protect the technology, inventions and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business. 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and for our current and future product candidates, their use in treating particular diseases, and the methods used to develop and manufacture them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing our products depends on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents that cover these activities. We cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our product candidates, discovery programs and processes. 
 FILSPARI 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio for FILSPARI (sparsentan) was comprised of six distinct patent families, one of which is exclusively licensed from Ligand (the Ligand patent family ). The other five patent families are owned by Travere (the "Travere patent families"). We previously had one additional licensed patent family related to sparsentan that was owned by BMS, exclusively licensed to Ligand and sub-licensed to us by Ligand. However, as of December 31, 2019, the BMS patent family is expired and therefore no longer in force. 
 The Ligand patent family is directed to methods of using sparsentan in the treatment of various diseases, including glomerulosclerosis and IgAN. As of December 31, 2022, this patent family included two US patents (US Patent No. 9,662,312, which we refer to herein as the 312 patent, and US Patent No. 9,993,461, which we refer to herein as the 461 patent), a pending US application (Application Serial No. 17/951,830, filed September 23, 2022), two European patents (European Patent No. EP2732818, which we refer to herein as the European 818 patent, and European Patent No. EP3222277, which we refer to herein as the European 277 patent), a pending European application, and two granted Hong Kong patents. The 312 patent and the European 818 patent claim the use of sparsentan for treating glomerulosclerosis. The 461 patent and the European '277 patent each claim both the use of sparsentan for treating glomerulosclerosis and the use of sparsentan for treating IgAN. We expect the US and foreign patents in this patent family to expire in March 2030. In November 2020, a third party filed an opposition to the European 277 patent and we are vigorously defending the European '277 against the opposition. If we were to be unsuccessful in doing so, we would expect to rely on the data and/or marketing exclusivity that we expect to be available in Europe, as described below under Regulatory Exclusivity. 
 The first Travere patent family is directed to methods of using sparsentan in the treatment of various kidney diseases, including focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) and IgAN, e.g., by achieving a specified urine protein-to-creatinine ratio. As of December 31, 2022, this patent family was comprised of a granted U.S. patent (U.S. Patent No. 10,864,197, which we refer to herein as the 197 patent) and pending patent applications in the US, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, the European Patent Office, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, New Zealand and South Africa. The 197 patent claims use of sparsentan for treating Alport syndrome. 
 The second Travere patent family is directed to methods of using sparsentan for treating hearing loss associated with Alport syndrome. As of December 31, 2022, this patent family was comprised of a granted U.S. patent (U.S. Patent No. 11,207,299) and pending patent applications in the US, Australia Brazil, Canada, China, the European Patent Office, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand and South Africa. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The third Travere patent family is directed to an amorphous form of sparsentan. As of December 31, 2022, this patent family was comprised of pending patent applications in the United States, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, the European Patent Office, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia and South Africa. 
 The fourth Travere patent family is comprised of a pending international patent application related to methods of treating kidney diseases or disorders. 
 The fifth Travere patent family is comprised of a U.S. provisional patent application. 
 It is possible, assuming that sparsentan achieves regulatory approval and depending upon the date of any such approval, that the term of either the 312 patent or the 461 patent may be extended under the provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act. Patent term extension also may be available in certain foreign jurisdictions upon regulatory approval. Likewise, it is possible, assuming that sparsentan achieves regulatory approval in Europe and depending upon the date of any such approval, that the term of either the European 818 patent or the European '277 patent may be extended in various European countries under the provisions governing Supplementary Protection Certificates (SPCs). 
 Pegtibatinase 
 As of December 31, 2022, our patent portfolio for pegtibatinase was comprised of six distinct patent families, which we obtained upon our acquisition of Orphan Technologies Limited (now Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH). Orphan Technologies obtained the rights to the first five patent families under an exclusive license agreement with the University of Colorado, while the sixth patent family was owned by Orphan Technologies. The first three patent families are owned by the University of Colorado and exclusively licensed to Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (the CU patent families ). The first CU patent family is directed to human cystathionine -synthase variants and methods for their production, the second CU patent family is directed to methods of purifying human cystathionine -synthase variants, and the third CU patent family is directed to compositions comprising human cystathionine -synthase variants and methods of treating homocystinuria. The next two families are co-owned by the University of Colorado and Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH, with the University of Colorado s interest exclusively licensed to Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (the co-owned patent families ). The first co-owned patent family is directed to methods of pegylating human cystathionine -synthase variants, while the second co-owned patent family is directed to pharmaceutical formulations comprising pegylated human cystathionine -synthase variants and their use in treating homocystinuria. Lastly, the sixth patent family is owned by Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (the Travere patent family ). The Travere patent family is directed to methods for treating human cystathionine -synthase deficiency in patients with elevated homocysteine levels. 
 Thiola 
 Our patent portfolio for Thiola is comprised of a patent family which is exclusively licensed from Mission Pharmacal (the Mission patent family ). The Mission patent family is directed to a new formulation of Thiola, known as Thiola EC. As of December 31, 2022, this patent family included a granted US patent (US Patent No. 11,458,104, which we refer to herein as the 104 patent) and a pending US patent application. The '104 patent claims a method for treating cystinuria by administering a formulation of tiopronin with food. 
 Regulatory Exclusivity 
 If we obtain marketing approval for sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS in the United States or in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, or for sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, we may be eligible for regulatory exclusivity for the approved drug. For example, in the United States, an FDA-approved drug product may be eligible to receive five years of new chemical entity ("NCE") exclusivity or, for drugs granted an orphan designation by the FDA, seven years of orphan drug exclusivity ("ODE"). In addition, both the five-year NCE period and the seven-year ODE period may be extended by six months upon submission of satisfactory written reports to the FDA of clinical studies conducted in pediatric populations. 
 Likewise, if we obtain marketing approval for pegtibatinase in the United States or in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, we may be eligible for regulatory exclusivity for the approved product. Pegtibatinase is a biologic product and therefore its application for approval would be via a biologic license application BLA (vs. an NDA). In the United States, an FDA-approved biologic product may be eligible to receive twelve years of regulatory exclusivity. In addition, the twelve-year BLA exclusivity period may be extended by six months upon submission of satisfactory written reports to the FDA of clinical studies conducted in pediatric populations. 
 In the European Union and European Free Trade Association ("EFTA") member states, a new drug product approved by the EMA may receive eight years of data exclusivity and 10 years of marketing exclusivity. The 10-year period of marketing exclusivity may extend to 11 years if, during the eight-year period of data exclusivity, the product receives marketing authorization for a second therapeutic that provides a significant clinical benefit in comparison to existing therapies. Additionally, upon approval by the EMA, orphan drugs may receive 10 years of market exclusivity or, in the case of orphan drugs for which a pediatric investigational plan (PIP) has been completed, 12 years of market exclusivity. The new drug exclusivity and the orphan drug exclusivity run concurrently from the date of EMA approval. There can be no assurance that we will qualify for any such regulatory exclusivity, or that any such exclusivity will prevent competitors from seeking approval solely on the basis of their own studies. See Government Regulation below. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 FILSPARI 
 FILSPARI (sparsentan) received orphan drug designation in the United States and Europe for the treatment of IgAN in 2021 and FSGS in 2015. We expect that FILSPARI will be granted seven years of Orphan Drug Exclusivity for proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally at UPCR 1.5 gram/gram. 
 Chenodal 
 Chenodal received orphan drug designation in the United States for the treatment of CTX in 2010. Consequently, if Chenodal is the first chenodeoxycholic acid product to gain FDA approval for the treatment of CTX, we expect it will be granted seven years of marketing exclusivity in the US for that indication. Currently Chenodal does not have regulatory exclusivity in the US. 
 Cholbam 
 Upon approval in March 2015, Cholbam received seven years of orphan drug exclusivity in the United States for the treatment for pediatric and adult patients with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects and for patients with peroxisomal disorders. This marketing exclusivity in the US expired in March 2022. 
 Thiola 
 Thiola does not have regulatory exclusivity in the United States. 
 Trademarks 
 Our trademark portfolio includes both Travere-owned and Travere-licensed trademarks and is comprised of various US and foreign registered trademarks and pending trademark applications relating to our company name, our commercial products (FILSPARI, Thiola, Thiola EC, Chenodal and Cholbam), and sparsentan. 
 More specifically, as of December 31, 2022, our trademark portfolio included an allowed US trademark application and foreign registered trademark and trademark applications for the mark Travere Therapeutics , US and foreign trademark applications and foreign registered trademarks relating to sparsentan, one registered US trademark and one registered Canadian trademark for the mark CHENODAL , one allowed US trademark application directed to the Chenodal logo, one registered US trademark for the mark MANCHESTER PHARMACEUTICALS , registered US and foreign trademarks for the mark CHOLBAM , a registered European Union trademark for the mark KOLBAM , a registered US trademark for the mark TOTALCARE , a registered US trademark for the TotalCare logo, and a registered US trademark for a leaves logo. In addition, under our license agreement with Mission we have an exclusive license to use Mission s trademarks related to Thiola and Thiola EC, including three registered US trademarks and one registered Canadian trademark for the mark THIOLA , and one registered US trademark for the mark "Thiola EC", in the United States and Canada. 
 Trade Secrets 
 In addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary data and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors, and partners. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data, trade secrets and know-how by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. Consequently, we anticipate that trade secrets and know-how will, over time, be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles, and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from academic to industry scientific positions. 
 Manufacturing 
 STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited manufactures the active pharmaceutical ingredient for FILSPARI and Catalent Patheon, Inc. formulates and packages FILSPARI. LGM Pharma manufactures Chenodal, Patheon, part of Thermo Fisher Scientific, manufactures Cholbam, and Mission Pharmacal manufactures Thiola and Thiola EC. 
 We intend to continue to use our financial resources to accelerate development of our drug candidates rather than establishing our own manufacturing facilities. We intend to meet our preclinical and clinical trial manufacturing requirements by establishing relationships with third-party manufacturers and other service providers to perform these services for us. Because we rely on these third parties, we have personnel with pharmaceutical development and manufacturing experience who are responsible for maintaining our third-party manufacturing relationships. 
 Should any of our drug candidates obtain marketing approval, we anticipate establishing relationships with third-party manufacturers and other service providers in connection with the commercial production of our products. We have some flexibility in securing other manufacturers to produce 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 our drug candidates; however, our alternatives may be limited due to proprietary technologies or methods used in the manufacture of some of our drug candidates. 
 Sales, Marketing and Distribution 
 During fiscal 2022, we continued to utilize our specialty sales force to market our FDA-approved products in the US. In preparation for the FILSPARI launch in the US, the commercial organization was expanded with additional marketing, sales and distribution capabilities in 2022. 
 Commercialization 
 Through deep understanding of patient and healthcare provider needs, we believe we are able to: 
 serve patients living with rare disease that have limited treatment options; 
 drive optimum performance of our marketed products; 
 educate and train healthcare providers about our products and the diseases for which they are approved to treat; 
 support access to and reimbursement coverage for our products without significant restrictions; 
 minimize the number of patients who discontinue treatment or have low compliance with our products by providing patients with support services and disease education, to the extent and in the manner permitted under applicable laws, to help them utilize our products in a manner consistent with the label and maximize the benefits of treatment; and 
 successfully launch new treatment options once approved, including FILSPARI. 
 Our US commercial initiatives are designed to support patients living with rare diseases and clinicians treating these patients. We believe that it is possible to commercialize our products in the United States with a relatively small specialty sales force. The primary call points for Thiola and Thiola EC include urologists and nephrologists. The primary call points for Cholbam are gastroenterologists, hepatologists, and metabolic specialists. The primary call point for FILSPARI will be nephrologists. We do not promote Chenodal. 
 Our sales force is differentiated by its high level of experience, averaging more than 20 years in pharmaceutical sales including over five years of experience in rare disease. Our commercial management and operations team has an average of more than 15 years of pharmaceutical experience focused on specialty and rare disease. 
 Our marketing and market access teams, supported by third-party agencies with rare disease experience, drives our commercialization and disease awareness efforts in the United States. Specifically, we implement a variety of industry accepted programs to educate physicians, including direct-to-physician contact by sales representatives, peer-to-peer educational programs, and participation in targeted medical convention programs. 
 We plan to distribute FILSPARI through three direct to patient pharmacies, and operate Travere TotalCare, pursuant to which we will provide our comprehensive patient support services. This patient support program for FILSPARI in the United States will provide services, assistance and resources that will help patients understand IgAN, manage the insurance process, fill their prescriptions and initiate treatment. 
 We distribute our other products through one direct to patient pharmacy, Eversana, who also provides our comprehensive patient support services in the US for Thiola, Chenodal and Cholbam (i.e., Travere TotalCare). This patient support program includes a case-managed approach to patient education, insurance verification and reimbursement support, co-pay and other financial assistance for eligible patients, monitoring and support of adherence, and 24/7 access to pharmacist counseling. 
 In September 2021, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement ("License Agreement") with Vifor (International) Ltd. ("CSL Vifor"). In August 2022, we and CSL Vifor announced that the European Medicines Agency ("EMA") had accepted for review the conditional marketing authorization application of sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN in Europe. A review decision is expected in the second half of 2023. If sparsentan receives marketing authorization in any of the licensed territories, CSL Vifor will be responsible for all commercialization activities in such licensed territories. We remain responsible for the clinical development of sparsentan and will retain all rights to sparsentan in the United States and rest of world outside of the licensed territories, provided that CSL Vifor has a right of negotiation to expand the licensed territories into Canada, China, Brazil and/or Mexico. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Medical Affairs 
 We have a global medical affairs team located in the United States and Europe which supports data dissemination, education, external stakeholder engagement and data generation in therapeutic areas relevant to our pipeline and commercial assets. The responsibilities of our medical affairs personnel include execution of real-world evidence studies, scientific exchange with external stakeholders, medical communication through scientific publications and presentations at medical congresses, providing medical information support to HCPs and patients related to our pipeline and our post-approval clinical commitments, organizing medical advisory boards to obtain input from experts and practitioners, and supporting grants for investigator sponsored research and independent medical education programs on medical topics relevant to our products and diseases. 
 Government Regulation 
 Regulation by government authorities in the United States and foreign countries is a significant factor in the development, manufacture and marketing of proposed products and in ongoing research and product development activities. All pipeline products will require regulatory approval by government agencies prior to commercialization. In particular, human therapeutic products are subject to rigorous preclinical studies and clinical trials and other approval procedures of the FDA and similar regulatory authorities in foreign countries. Various federal and state statutes and regulations also govern or influence testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage and record-keeping related to such products and their marketing. The process of obtaining these approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal and state statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 FDA Drug Approval Process 
 In the United States, pharmaceutical products (drugs and biologics) are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable US requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending new drug or new biologic license applications, or NDAs and BLAs, respectively, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 We cannot market a drug product candidate in the United States until the drug has received FDA approval. The key steps required before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally include the following: 
 completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, toxicology, pharmacology, and formulation studies in accordance with the FDA s GLP regulations; 
 submission to the FDA of an IND, and oversight by an Institutional Review Board, for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practices ("GCP") requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each proposed indication; 
 submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA after completion of the required pivotal clinical trials; 
 satisfactory completion of any FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMPs"); and 
 FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA. 
 Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 
 Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including good laboratory practices. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 
 A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. If the FDA raises concerns or 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 questions about the conduct of the trial, such as whether human research subjects will be exposed to an unreasonable health risk, the IND sponsor must resolve any outstanding FDA concerns or questions before clinical trials can proceed. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug or biologic to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted in compliance with federal regulations, including GCP requirements, as well as under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Certain studies must also be posted on clinicaltrials.gov. 
 The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials also must be submitted for approval to an institutional review board, or IRB, for approval at each site at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB also may require the clinical trial at its site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. 
 Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial administration of the drug to healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine metabolism, pharmacokinetics, the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a drug demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 clinical trials, also called pivotal trials, are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases the FDA requires two adequate and well controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single Phase 3 clinical trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances where the study is a large multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and where confirmation of the result in a second Phase 3 trial would be impractical or unethical. 
 After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA or BLA submission is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the submission is required before marketing of the product in the United States may begin. The submission must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting a submission is substantial. The submission of most NDAs and BLAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, and the sponsor of an approved NDA or BLA is also subject to an annual program user fee. These fees typically are increased annually. 
 The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs and BLAs. Most such applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within 10 months of filing; most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed within six months of filing. Priority review can be applied to drugs to treat serious conditions that the FDA determines offer significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 
 The FDA also may refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. 
 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA typically will inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCPs. Additionally, the FDA may inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with cGMPs is satisfactory and the submission contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 
 After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA or BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. 
 An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require risk evaluation and mitigation strategies ("REMS") to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include a medication guide, a communication plan for healthcare professionals and elements to assure safe use, such as special training and certification requirements for individuals who prescribe or dispense the drug, requirements that patients enroll in a registry and other measures that the FDA deems necessary to assure the safe use of the drug. The requirement for REMS can materially affect the potential market and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 
 Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. Such supplements typically are reviewed within 10 months of receipt. 
 Orphan Drugs 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the US. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA confers orphan drug status, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan indication are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation in and of itself does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first NDA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular indication with FDA orphan drug designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the US for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same disease, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Prior to FDA approval, orphan designation provides incentives for sponsors including tax credits for clinical research expenses, the opportunity to obtain government grant funding to support clinical research, and an exemption from FDA user fees. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 A sponsor may seek to develop and obtain approval of its products under programs designed to accelerate the development, FDA review and approval of new products that meet certain criteria. 
 Fast track is a process designed by the FDA to facilitate the development of drugs to treat serious conditions through expediting their review. The purpose is to get important new drugs to patients earlier. Fast Track addresses a broad range of serious conditions. Determining whether a condition is serious is a matter of judgment, but generally is based on whether the drug will have an impact on such factors as survival, day-to-day functioning, or the likelihood that the condition, if left untreated, will progress from a less severe condition to a more serious one. 
 A drug that receives Fast Track designation is eligible for some or all of the following: 
 more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the drug's development plan and ensure collection of appropriate data needed to support drug approval; 
 more frequent written communication from FDA about such things as the design of the proposed clinical trials and use of biomarkers; 
 eligibility for Accelerated Approval and Priority Review, if relevant criteria are met; and 
 rolling Review, which means that a drug company can submit completed sections of its NDA or BLA for review by FDA, rather than waiting until every section is completed before the entire application can be reviewed. NDA or BLA review usually does not begin until the drug company has submitted the entire application to the FDA. 
 Once a drug receives Fast Track designation, early and frequent communication between the FDA and a drug company is encouraged throughout the entire drug development and review process. The frequency of communication assures that questions and issues are resolved quickly, often leading to earlier drug approval and access by patients. 
 Breakthrough therapy designation is available if the product is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. If the FDA designates a breakthrough therapy, it may take actions appropriate to expedite the development and review of the application, which may include holding meetings with the sponsor and the review team throughout the development of the therapy; providing timely advice to, and interactive communication with, the sponsor regarding the development of the product candidate to ensure that the development program to gather the nonclinical and clinical data necessary for approval is as efficient as practicable; involving senior managers and experienced review staff, as appropriate, in a collaborative, cross- disciplinary review; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the FDA review team to facilitate an efficient review of the development program and to serve as a scientific liaison between the review team and the sponsor; and considering alternative clinical trial designs when scientifically appropriate, which may result in smaller trials or more efficient trials that require less time to complete and may minimize the number of patients exposed to a potentially less efficacious treatment. Breakthrough therapy designation 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 comes with the benefits of Fast Track designation, which means that the sponsor may submit sections of the NDA or BLA for review on a rolling basis. 
 Accelerated Approval 
 Under the FDA s accelerated approval regulations, FDA may approve a drug or biologic for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 
 In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions, or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint with regular reporting to FDA on the status of such trials. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by FDA. 
 The Hatch-Waxman Amendments: Orange Book Listing 
 In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant s product or its use for the relevant application. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug, and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. 
 The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning all patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. 
 A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. Unless the submission of the ANDA pre-dates the listing of the patent in the Orange Book, the filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. 
 The ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet and social media. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. 
 Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, REMS, surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or restrictions on the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality-control, drug manufacturing, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market and/or product recalls; 
 fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 
 refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 
 product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 Pricing and Reimbursement 
 A portion of our end-user demand for our approved drugs comes from patients covered under Medicaid, Medicare and other federal and state government-related programs such as TRICARE and the Department of Veterans Affairs, or the VA. As required by Federal regulations, we provide rebates and discounts in connection with these programs. 
 Our commercial success depends in significant part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products will be available from third-party payers, including government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Third-party payers determine which medications they will cover and establish reimbursement levels. Even if a third-party payer covers a particular product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payers to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of our products. Therefore, coverage and adequate reimbursement is critical to product acceptance. Further, coverage policies and third-party payer reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Government authorities and other third-party payers have and are developing methods of controlling healthcare costs, such as by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payers are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices as a condition of coverage, are using restrictive formularies and preferred drug lists to leverage greater discounts in competitive classes, and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Third party payers also are carefully evaluating the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to a product's safety and efficacy, which may require us to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products. Further, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payers in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payer to payer. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payer separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 In addition, it is possible that future legislation in the US and other jurisdictions could be enacted which could potentially influence the coverage and reimbursement rates for our products and also could further impact the levels of discounts and rebates paid to federal and state government entities. Any legislation that influences these areas could impact, in a significant way, our ability to generate revenues from sales of products that, if successfully developed, we bring to market. 
 There have been a number of enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system and pharmaceutical industry that could affect our commercial success. For example, in March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, (collectively, the PPACA a law intended to, among other things, broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against healthcare fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers and impose additional health policy reforms. Specifically, by way of example, the PPACA revised the definition of average manufacturer price for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount of Medicaid drug rebates to states. PPACA also increased the mandated Medicaid rebate from 15.1 to 23.1 of the average manufacturer price, expanded the rebate to Medicaid managed care utilization and increased the types of entities eligible for the federal 340B drug discount program. There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. For example, President Trump signed several Executive Orders and other directives designed to delay the implementation of certain provisions of the PPACA or otherwise circumvent some of the requirements for health insurance mandated by the PPACA. Concurrently, Congress considered legislation to repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the PPACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, several bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the PPACA have been signed into law. Legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act ), includes a provision which repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the PPACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . In addition, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminates, effective January 1, 2020, the PPACA-mandated Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax and, effective January 1, 2021, also eliminates the health insurer tax. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or the BBA, among other things, amended the PPACA, effective January 1,2019, to increase the discount that is owed by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D from 50 to 70 , to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the donut hole. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the PPACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the "individual mandate" was repealed by Congress. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the "donut hole" under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. The IRA, discussed in more detail below, also established new pricing pressures, including government price setting for certain drugs and mandatory rebates on price increases over inflation. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for fiscal years 2012 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will stay in effect until 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, in January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and imaging centers. 
 Moreover, the Drug Supply Chain Security Act imposes additional obligations on manufacturers of pharmaceutical products related to product tracking and tracing. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. 
 There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent US Congressional inquiries and numerous proposed and enacted legislation at both the state and federal levels designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, expedite generic competition, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, institute drug re-importation, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, the Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. In addition, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 We expect that the PPACA, the Inflation Reduction Act, as well as other federal and state healthcare reform measures that have been and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any of our products, and could seriously affect our future revenues. In addition, it is possible that future legislation in the United States and other jurisdictions could be enacted which could potentially impact the reimbursement rates for the products we are developing and may develop in the future and also could further impact the levels of discounts and rebates paid to federal and state government entities. Any legislation that impacts these areas could impact, in a significant way, our ability to generate revenues from sales of products that, if successfully developed, we bring to market. 
 Health Care Regulatory Laws 
 In addition to FDA marketing restrictions and regulation of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws have been applied to restrict and regulate certain business practices in the pharmaceutical industry in recent years. These laws include, without limitation, anti-kickback statutes and false claims laws, data privacy and security laws, and transparency laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The federal healthcare program anti-kickback statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce; or in return for; purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally financed healthcare programs. This statute has been interpreted broadly to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers, among others, on the other. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration that may induce prescribing, purchases, or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the anti-kickback statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the federal anti-kickback statute has been violated. Additionally, the PPACA amended the federal anti-kickback statute to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the PPACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 
 Federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, prohibit any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. This includes claims made to programs where the federal government reimburses, such as Medicaid, as well as programs where the federal government is a direct purchaser, such as when it purchases off the Federal Supply Schedule. The False Claims Act contains qui tam provisions, which allow a private individual, or relator, to bring a civil action on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant submitted a false claim to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. In recent years, the number of suits brought by private individuals has increased dramatically. For example, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly inflating drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn were used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate federal false claims laws. 
 Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations, including state anti-kickback and false claims laws, that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer. 
 The US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than in the United States. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in criminal or civil penalties or remedial measures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the federal anti-kickback statute, the PPACA amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud provisions under HIPAA such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 In addition, we may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH, through its implementing regulations, makes certain of HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as a person or organization, other than a member of a covered entity s workforce, that creates, receives, maintains or transmits protected health information for or on behalf of a covered entity for a function or activity regulated by HIPAA and their covered subcontractors. 
 Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the PPACA, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to annually report information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, physicians (defined to include to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Further, certain states require implementation of commercial compliance programs and marketing codes, compliance with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines, and compliance with the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government. Other various state level requirements include restricting payments or the provision of other items of value that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; restricting various marketing practices; requiring prescription drug companies to report expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of drug products; requiring the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes; requiring the registration of sales representatives; requiring the reporting of certain information related to drug pricing; and requiring drug manufacturers to track and report information related to payments, gifts, compensation, and other items of value to physicians and other healthcare providers. Additionally, states that have not implemented these types of regulations are considering similar proposals. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws face civil penalties. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including imprisonment, criminal fines, civil monetary penalties, administrative penalties, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, reputational harm, administrative burdens, additional oversight and reporting obligations if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegation of non-compliance with these laws, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 Foreign Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we are subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials and approval of foreign countries or economic areas, such as the European Union, before we may market products in those countries or areas. The approval process and requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from place to place, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. 
 Clinical Trials and Marketing Authorization in the European Union 
 In Europe, a clinical trial application CTA must currently be submitted to the competent national regulatory authority and to an independent ethics committee in each country in which we intend to conduct clinical trials. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with that country s requirements, clinical trial development may proceed in that country. Under the new Regulation on Clinical Trials, which took effect in January 2022, there will be a centralized application procedure where one national authority takes the lead in reviewing the application and the other national authorities have more limited involvement. Any substantial changes to the trial protocol or other information submitted with the clinical trial applications must be notified to or approved by the relevant competent authorities and ethics committees. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with good clinical practices and other applicable regulatory requirements and medicines used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with good manufacturing practices. A clinical trial may only be undertaken subject to certain conditions. The relevant ethics committee must give its opinion, before a clinical trial commences, on any issue requested. Clinical trials information must be entered into a European database. There are strict requirements in relation to the labeling and packaging of our product candidates, the verification of compliance with the provisions on good clinical and manufacturing practice and the notification of adverse events and serious adverse reactions. 
 Under European Union regulatory systems, a company may not market a medicinal product without a marketing authorization. 
 There are four procedures for submitting a Marketing Authorization Application MAA in Europe: (i) the national procedure, (ii) the mutual recognition procedure MRP (iii) the decentralized procedure DCP and (iv) the centralized procedure CP ). The submission strategy for a given product will depend on the nature of the product, the target indication(s), the history of the product, and the marketing plan. The centralized procedure is compulsory for certain medicinal products which are produced by biotechnology processes, advanced therapy medicinal products and for those which are designated as orphan medicinal products. Besides the products falling under the mandatory scope, the centralized procedure is also optional for medicinal products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation i.e. new active substances or other medicinal products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, that contain an active substance not authorized in the European Union before May 20, 2004 or for which a centralized procedure would be in the interest of patients. 
 The centralized procedure leads to approval of the product in all 27 EU member states and in Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, collectively referred to herein as the EEA. Submission of one MAA thus leads to one assessment process and one authorization that allows access to the market of the entire EEA. The process of the centralized procedure is triggered when the applicant submits an MAA to the EMA. The letter of intent also initiates the assignment of the Rapporteur and Co-Rapporteur, who are the appointed members of the Committee for Human Medicinal Products CHMP representing two EU member states. Under the centralized procedure, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA is 210 days. This excludes so-called clock stops, during which additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. At the end of the review period, the CHMP provides an opinion to the European Commission. If this is opinion favorable, the Commission may then adopt a decision to grant a marketing authorization. In exceptional cases, the CHMP might perform an accelerated review of an MAA in no more than 150 days. This is usually when the product is of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 When using the MRP or DCP, the applicant must select which EU member states in which to seek approval. In the case of an MRP, the applicant must initially receive national approval in one EU member state. This will be the so-called reference member state RMS for the MRP. Then, the applicant seeks approval for the product in other EU member states, the so-called concerned member states, in a second step: the mutual recognition process. For the DCP, the applicant will approach all chosen member states at the same time. To do so, the applicant will identify the RMS that will assess the submitted MAA and provide the other selected member states with the conclusions and results of the assessment. 
 An innovator company enjoys a period of data exclusivity during which their pre-clinical and clinical trials data may not be referenced in the regulatory filings of another company (typically a generic company) for the same drug substance. 
 Data exclusivity in Europe is eight years from the date of first authorization in Europe with an additional period of two years of market exclusivity. This is the period of time during which a generic company may not market an equivalent generic version of the originator s pharmaceutical product. An additional one year of market exclusivity may be obtained where the innovator company is granted a marketing authorization within the above eight-year period for a significant new indication for the relevant medicinal product. 
 Additionally, medicines that meet the criteria for orphan designation benefit from ten years of market exclusivity once they are approved for marketing in the EU. This protects them from market competition by similar medicines for the same therapeutic indication. Specifically, the competent regulatory authorities will not for a period of ten years following approval of an orphan designated product accept another application for marketing authorization, grant a marketing authorization, or accept an application to extend an existing marketing authorization for the same therapeutic indication, in respect of a similar medicinal product. Each orphan designation carries the potential for a market exclusivity for the particular indication. Thus, a medicine that has several separate orphan designations for different indications can have a separate orphan marketing exclusivity for each orphan indication. 
 The Paediatric Regulation provides that an application for a new marketing authorization must include the results of all trials performed and details of all information collected in compliance with an agreed pediatric investigation plan (PIP), unless a deferral or waiver applies on the basis that pediatric use is not relevant. This requirement can also be deferred by agreement. Further, each ten-year period of marketing exclusivity based upon an orphan designation is extended by two years for products that have complied with an agreed PIP for that orphan designation. 
 When the application for marketing authorization is made, the competent authority responsible for granting a marketing authorization must verify whether the application complies with the relevant requirements, including compliance with the agreed PIP. Assuming it does, the marketing authorization may be granted and the relevant results are included in the summary of product characteristics SmPC for the product, along with a statement indicating compliance with the agreed PIP. In the case of non-orphan products, the applicant then receives the six-month extension to the SPC (the pediatric extension ). However, the six-month pediatric extension to SPC is not available for orphan designated products, or where the product has received an additional one year of marketing exclusivity by obtaining approval for a second marketing authorization for a significant new indication within the first eight years following the first marketing authorization. Where the six-month pediatric extension is available, it is not necessary for the product to actually be indicated for use in the pediatric population (for example, if the results show that that would not be appropriate). 
 Other Laws and Regulatory Processes 
 We are subject to a variety of financial disclosure and securities trading regulations as a public company in the United States, including laws relating to the oversight activities of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and Nasdaq rules under which our stock is listed. In addition, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC, and other bodies that have jurisdiction over the form and content of our accounts, our financial statements and other public disclosures are constantly considering and interpreting proposals and existing pronouncements designed to ensure that companies best display relevant and transparent information relating to their respective businesses. 
 Our present and future business has been and will continue to be subject to various other laws and regulations. Various laws, regulations and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals, and the purchase, storage, movement, import and export and use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our research work are or may be applicable to our activities. Certain agreements entered into by us involving exclusive license rights or acquisitions may be subject to national antitrust regulatory control, the effect of which cannot be predicted. The extent of government regulation which might result from future legislation or administrative action, also cannot be predicted with accuracy. 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 462 full-time employees, with most of those based in the United States and a small number outside of the United States. We consider the intellectual capital of our employees to be an important driver of our business and key to our future success. The biopharmaceutical industry is very competitive and we believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled employees as our operations expand, as well as our continued focus on our culture and patient centricity. Our workforce primarily consists of college-educated workers with experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, many of whom have advanced degrees. Our employees primarily focus on our drug development and commercialization efforts, including sales and general and administrative operational 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 support of those functions. Currently, we rely on third-party contract manufacturers and conduct our discovery research efforts via collaborations and/or contracted third-party engagements. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
 We are committed to creating a multigenerational, multiracial, and multibackground workforce by welcoming each member s unique experiences, backgrounds and talents and empowering them to reach their highest potential. We desire to have our organization be representative of the communities we aim to serve with our treatments, and we are placing an increased focus on ways in which we can gain greater ethnic and racial diversity within our workforce, as well as increase gender and ethnic/racial diversity in leadership roles. We have an internal diversity council that is open to all employees of our organization, and has a focus on a number of initiatives that directly impact our human capital, including efforts to further diversity, inclusion and equity initiatives within our recruitment, retention and developmental programs, and increase cultural awareness and engagement. 
 We strive to provide compensation, benefits and support services that help meet the varying needs of our employees. In the United States, our total compensation package includes competitive pay, including opportunities for performance-based bonuses; comprehensive healthcare benefits; paid time off and paid holidays, and the opportunity for equity ownership through our equity incentive plan and our employee stock purchase plan, as well as a suite of wellness focused offerings introduced during the pandemic. We also sponsor a 401(k) plan that includes a discretionary matching contribution. A similar package of benefits are provided to our employees outside of the United States, subject to regional differences. 
 By focusing on employee retention, engagement and development opportunities, we believe we also improve our ability to support our clinical trials, our pipeline, our business and operations. Our success also depends on our ability to respond to the needs of employees and we do this by listening to our employees through many avenues, for example, through formal engagement initiatives, such as surveys, as well as informal listening sessions hosted by senior leaders, including our CEO and our human resources department. During 2022 we continued to focus on ways to maximize a people-centered, inclusive, and recognition-based company culture, building on initiatives that have been implemented over the last several years. Also during 2022, we furthered the development of our hybrid workforce program that provides a variety of virtual and in-person collaboration opportunities. As we continue to navigate through these challenging times in the wake of a global pandemic, we take pride in the role we play in helping to ensure our employees are as productive and engaged as possible and their physical and emotional health and well-being remains a key priority. 
 Available Information 
 We were incorporated in the state of Delaware in February 2011. Our website address is travere.com . We post links on our website to the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All such filings are available through our website free of charge. The SEC also maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business, as well as an investment in our common stock, is highly speculative in nature and involves a high degree of risk. Our securities should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose their entire investment. Carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included herein, including the financial statements and related notes, before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, they could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In such event(s), the market price of our common stock could decline and result in a loss of part or all of your investment. Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully consider, along with other matters referred to herein, the following risk factors in evaluating our business before purchasing any shares of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Products 
 Our future prospects are highly dependent upon our ability to successfully develop and execute commercialization strategies for our products, including FILSPARI, and to attain market acceptance among physicians, patients and healthcare payers. 
 Our ability to generate significant product revenues and to achieve commercial success in the near-term will depend almost entirely on our ability to successfully commercialize our products in the United States, including FILSPARI (sparsentan) to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, which was approved by the FDA in February 2023 under the FDA s accelerated approval regulations. 
 As a newly-approved product for a rare disease that had no previously-approved non-immunosuppressive treatment, the successful launch and commercialization of FILSPARI is subject to many risks. There are numerous examples of unsuccessful product launches and failures to meet high expectations of market potential, including by pharmaceutical companies with more experience and resources than we have. While we have 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 established our commercial team and U.S. sales force, we will need to continue to train and further develop the team in order to successfully coordinate the launch and commercialization of FILSPARI in the United States. There are many factors that could cause the launch and commercialization of FILSPARI to be unsuccessful, including a number of factors that are outside our control. Because no non-immunosuppressive product has previously been approved by the FDA for the treatment of IgAN, it is difficult to estimate FILSPARI s market potential or the time it will take to increase patient and physician awareness of FILSPARI and change current treatment paradigms. The commercial success of FILSPARI depends on the extent to which patients and physicians accept and adopt FILSPARI for IgAN patients. For example, if the addressable patient population suffering from primary IgAN is smaller than we estimate, if it proves difficult to educate physicians as to the availability and potential benefits of FILSPARI, or if physicians are unwilling to prescribe or patients are unwilling to take FILSPARI, the commercial potential of FILSPARI will be limited. We also do not know how physicians, patients and payers will respond to the pricing of FILSPARI. Physicians may not prescribe FILSPARI and patients may be unwilling to use FILSPARI if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost. Thus, significant uncertainty remains regarding the commercial potential of FILSPARI. If the launch or commercialization of FILSPARI is unsuccessful or perceived as disappointing, the price of our common stock could decline significantly and long-term success of the product and our company could be harmed. 
 In order to operate our business and increase adoption and sales of our products, we need to continue to develop our commercial organization, including maintaining and growing a highly experienced and skilled workforce with qualified sales representatives. 
 In order to successfully commercialize our products in the United States, we have built a specialized sales force. In order to successfully commercialize any approved products, we must continue to build our sales, marketing, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities. Factors that may hinder our ability to successfully market and commercially distribute our products include: 
 inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or educate adequate numbers of physicians on the benefits and safety of prescribing our products; 
 inability to recruit, retain and effectively manage adequate numbers of effective sales personnel; 
 lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies that have more extensive product lines; and 
 unforeseen delays, costs and expenses associated with maintaining our sales organization. 
 If we are unable to maintain an effective sales force for our products, including the recently expanded sales force for FILSPARI or any other potential future approved products, we may not be able to generate sufficient product revenue in the United States. In addition, no one in our sales force has promoted FILSPARI or any other medicine for the treatment of IgAN patients. We are required to expend significant time and resources to train our sales force to be credible and persuasive in convincing physicians to prescribe and pharmacists to dispense our products. In addition, we must continually train our sales force to ensure that a consistent and appropriate message about our products is being delivered to our potential customers. We currently have limited resources compared to some of our competitors, and the continued development of our own commercial organization to market our products and any additional products we may develop or acquire will be expensive and time-consuming. We also cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to successfully develop this capability. 
 Similarly, if CSL Vifor does not effectively engage or maintain its sales force for sparsentan if approved in the Licensed Territories, our ability to recognize milestone payments and royalties from the Licensed Territories will be adversely affected. 
 We will need to continue to expend significant time and resources to train our sales forces to be credible and persuasive in discussing our products with the specialists treating the patients indicated under the product s label. In addition, if we are unable to effectively train our sales force and equip them with effective marketing materials our ability to successfully commercialize our products could be diminished, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are dependent on CSL Vifor for the successful commercialization of sparsentan in certain key territories outside of the United States, if approved, and CSL Vifor's commercialization efforts may fail to meet our expectations. We may not be able to establish additional collaborations or other arrangements for sparsentan in other territories, which may adversely impact our ability to generate product revenue in additional jurisdictions. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, we granted an exclusive license to CSL Vifor for the commercialization of sparsentan in the Licensed Territories, which consist of Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Consequently, the commercial success of sparsentan in the Licensed Territories will depend in significant part on the efforts of CSL Vifor, over which we will have limited control. In August 2022, Vifor Pharma Group was acquired by CSL Limited, parent company to CSL Behring and is now operating under the brand CSL Vifor. We do not currently know what effect, if any, this acquisition will ultimately have on our relationship with CSL Vifor. While our agreement with CSL Vifor remains in place following the acquisition, there is no guarantee that our collaboration with CSL Vifor will not be affected, adversely or otherwise, by the change in ownership. Moreover, in connection with the acquisition of CSL Vifor and related restructuring, substantially less resources could be devoted to the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 commercialization of sparsentan in the Licensed Territories, or such efforts could be discontinued entirely. If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell sparsentan in territories outside of the United States, if approved, our ability to generate product revenue outside of the United States and the Licensed Territories may be limited. 
 The commercial success of our products depends on them being considered to be effective drugs with advantages over other therapies. 
 The commercial success of our products FILSPARI, Thiola, Chenodal and Cholbam, and, if approved, sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS, depends on them being considered to be effective drugs with advantages over other therapies. A number of factors, as discussed in greater detail below, may adversely impact the degree of acceptance of these products, including their efficacy, safety, price and benefits over competing therapies, as well as the coverage and reimbursement policies of third-party payers, such as government and private insurance plans. 
 If unexpected adverse events are reported in connection with the use of any of these products, physician and patient acceptance of the product could deteriorate and the commercial success of such product could be adversely affected. We are required to report to the FDA events associated with our products relating to death or injury. Adverse events could result in additional regulatory controls, such as a requirement for costly post-approval clinical studies or revisions to our approved labeling which could limit the indications or patient population for a product or could even lead to the withdrawal of a product from the market. 
 We face substantial generic and other competition, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, a pharmaceutical manufacturer may file an ANDA seeking approval of a generic copy of an approved innovator product or an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) that relies on the FDA s prior findings of safety and effectiveness in approving the innovator product. A Section 505(b)(2) NDA may be for a new or improved version of the original innovator product. Certain of our products, including Thiola, Chenodal and Cholbam, are subject to immediate competition from compounded and generic entrants, as the ANDA and NDA for these drug products have no remaining or current patent or non-patent exclusivity. In April 2021, a generic option for the 100 mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved by the FDA and an additional generic option of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved in June 2022. Additional generic versions of Thiola may be approved in the future. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a decrease in total net product revenues compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which was due in part to competition from generic tiopronin tablets (100 mg version of the original formulation). Our future net product revenues from Thiola may be materially impacted by competition from existing or additional generic versions of Thiola. In addition, our future net product revenues from Thiola EC may also be materially impacted by competition from existing or additional generic versions of Thiola, as well as any generic versions of Thiola EC. 
 In addition, there have been a number of recent regulatory and legislative initiatives designed to encourage generic competition for pharmaceutical products, including expedited review procedures for generic manufacturers and incentives designed to spur generic competition of branded drugs. In particular, the FDA and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC have been focused on brand companies denial of drug supply to potential generic competitors for testing. In December 2019, the CREATES Act was enacted, which provides a legislatively defined private right of action under which generic companies can bring suit against companies who refuse access to product for the bioequivalence testing needed to support approval of a generic product. 
 We have completed our response to a civil investigative demand from the FTC related to the marketing, sale, distribution and pricing of our products, including Thiola. While the investigation remains open, at this time the FTC has not indicated that it has additional questions for us, and has not initiated any claim or proceeding against us relating to these matters. 
 We cannot currently predict the specific outcome or impact on our business of such regulatory and legislative initiatives, litigation or investigation. However, it is our policy, which is in compliance with the CREATES Act, to evaluate requests for samples of our branded products, and to provide samples in response to bona fide requests from qualified third parties, including generic manufacturers, subject to specified conditions. We have provided and are in the process of providing samples to certain generic manufacturers. 
 If additional generic versions of Thiola, any generic versions of Thiola EC, any generic versions of FILSPARI following the expiration of patent or regulatory exclusivity for the product, or generic versions of Cholbam or Chenodal or any of our other current or future products are approved, sales of that product likely would be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse impact on our sales and profitability. In addition, the defense of litigation and response to investigation requests could result in substantial costs, reputational impact, and the diversion of management attention and resources. 
 The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act (commonly referred to as the "Hatch-Waxman Act") requires an ANDA applicant seeking FDA approval of its proposed generic product prior to the expiration of an Orange Book-listed patent (as defined below) to certify that the applicant believes that the patent is invalid, unenforceable and/or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of the drug for which the application has been submitted (a paragraph IV certification) and notify the NDA and patent holder of such certification (a paragraph IV notice). Upon receipt of a paragraph IV notice, the Hatch-Waxman Act allows the patent holder, with proper basis, to bring an action for patent infringement against the ANDA filer, asking that the proposed generic product not be approved until after the patent expires. For ANDAs that are filed received after the 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 listing of the patent in the Orange Book, if the patent holder commences a lawsuit within 45 days from receipt of the paragraph IV notice, the Hatch-Waxman Act provides a 30-month stay during which time the FDA cannot finally approve the generic s application. If the litigation is resolved in favor of the ANDA applicant during the 30-month stay period, the stay is lifted and the FDA may finally approve the ANDA if it is otherwise ready for approval. For ANDAs that are filed received before the listing of the patent in the Orange Book, the 30-month stay provision of the Hatch-Waxman Act does not apply. It also may be possible, depending on the approved label, for an ANDA applicant to elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. 
 In October 2022, our licensor, Mission Pharmacal Company, was granted a patent covering the treatment of cystinuria by administering Thiola EC with food (US Patent No. 11,458,104, the 104 patent and has listed this patent in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (the Orange Book). Following Mission s listing of the '104 patent in the Orange Book, and as of December 31, 2022, Mission has received three paragraph IV notice letters from three generic manufacturers notifying Mission that each has filed an ANDA seeking approval of a proposed generic version of Thiola EC (tiopronin) 100 mg and 300 mg oral tablets before expiration of the '104 patent and asserting that the '104 patent is not infringed and/or is invalid, with each such ANDA having been filed prior to the granting and listing of the 104 patent. Under our agreement with Mission, we have the right to enforce the '104 patent. We are evaluating these paragraph IV notices, and will evaluate any other paragraph IV notices received, on a case by case basis in order to determine whether to initiate patent litigation against any such generic manufacturer. Through Mission, we have received notice that at least one of these generic manufacturers may challenge the 104 patent through the Patent Appeals Board procedures at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. There is no guarantee that the 104 patent will withstand any challenge at the Patent and Trademark Office or in litigation, if initiated. Patent litigation is expensive and time consuming, requires significant resources, may absorb significant time of our management and has an unpredictable outcome. 
 If these or any other ANDAs were to be approved and either we determine not to pursue patent litigation or the patent is not upheld in litigation or administrative review or if a generic competitor were found not to infringe this patent, the resulting generic competition would likely negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Healthcare reform initiatives, unfavorable pricing regulations, and changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or patients' access to insurance coverage could affect the pricing of and demand for our products. 
 The business and financial condition of healthcare-related businesses will continue to be affected by efforts of governments and third-party payers to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare through various means. In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS, pegtibatinase (TVT-058), or any other product candidate that we develop, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell sparsentan, pegtibatinase (TVT-058), or any other product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 Our products are sold to patients whose healthcare costs are met by third-party payers, such as government programs, private insurance plans and managed-care programs. These third-party payers are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Levels of reimbursement, if any, may be decreased in the future, and future healthcare reform legislation, regulations or changes to reimbursement policies of third-party payers may otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 
 Economic, social, and congressional pressure may result in individuals and government entities increasingly seeking to achieve cost savings through mechanisms that limit coverage or payment for our products. For example, state Medicaid programs are increasingly requesting manufacturers to pay supplemental rebates and requiring prior authorization for use of drugs. Managed care organizations continue to seek price discounts and, in some cases, to impose restrictions on the coverage of particular drugs. Government efforts to reduce Medicaid expenses may lead to increased use of managed care organizations by Medicaid programs. This may result in managed care organizations influencing prescription decisions for a larger segment of the population and a corresponding constraint on prices and reimbursement for our products. 
 In addition, patients access to employer sponsored insurance coverage may be negatively impacted by economic factors that result in increased rates of unemployment. To the extent patients taking our approved therapies become unemployed and experience a reduction to, or increased costs associated with, their insurance coverage, demand for our products could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability, either as a result of decreased sales of our products and/or increased provision by us of free product to uninsured or commercially insured patients. The extent and duration of this potential impact on our business is currently unknown. 
 We are dependent on third parties to manufacture and distribute our products. 
 We have no manufacturing capabilities and rely on third-party manufacturers who are sole source suppliers for manufacturing of FILSPARI, Thiola, Chenodal and Cholbam. The facilities used by our third-party manufacturers must be approved by the FDA. Our dependence on third parties for the manufacture of our products may harm our profit margin on the sale of products and our ability to deliver products on a timely and competitive basis. Because we are ultimately responsible for ensuring that our API and finished products are manufactured in accordance with cGMP regulations and similar regulatory requirements outside the United States, it is critical that we maintain effective management practices and oversight with respect to 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 our third-party manufacturers, including routine auditing. If our third-party manufacturers are unable to manufacture to specifications or in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, our ability to commercialize our products will be adversely impacted and could affect our ability to gain market acceptance for our products and negatively impact our revenues. 
 We currently have no in-house distribution channels for FILSPARI, Thiola, Chenodal or Cholbam and we are dependent on third-party distributors to distribute such products. The outsourcing of our distribution function is complex, and we may experience difficulties that could reduce, delay or stop shipments of such products. If we encounter such distribution problems, and we are unable to quickly enter into a similar agreement with another distributor on substantially similar terms, distribution of FILSPARI, Thiola, Chenodal and/or Cholbam could become disrupted, resulting in lost revenues, provider dissatisfaction, and/or patient dissatisfaction. 
 Governments outside the United States tend to impose strict price controls and reimbursement approval policies, which may adversely affect our prospects for generating revenue. 
 In some countries, particularly EU countries and EFTA member states, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time (6 to 12 months or longer) after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. In addition, certain governmental authorities may conduct reviews of reimbursement previously provided and assert for various reasons that amounts need to be repaid. For example, in October 2021 our distributor/exploitant in France for our previously marketed product Kolbam informed us that they had received a notice that the price previously paid for Kolbam during its period on the market in France had been recalculated by the agency responsible for pharmaceutical pricing in France, with such notice asserting amounts owed for repayment. While we cannot currently estimate the likelihood that any of such asserted amount will ultimately need to be repaid following the currently ongoing review process and any applicable appeal procedures, we may ultimately determine the need to repay all or a portion of the amounts being asserted. From 2015 through 2020, the period during which we had sales of Kolbam in France, our aggregate revenues from sales of Kolbam in France attributable to all purchasers/payers were approximately 8 million. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels or subject to re-assessment and recoupment procedures, our prospects for generating revenue outside of the United States, if any, could be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 We may not be able to rely on orphan drug exclusivity for our products. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs, providing eligibility for orphan drug exclusivity upon regulatory approval if certain jurisdictional-specific conditions are met. For example, FILSPARI has been granted orphan drug designation for the treatment of IgAN and in light of its regulatory approval we expect that it will be awarded seven years of orphan drug exclusivity to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, and Cholbam was granted orphan drug designation in the United States and upon FDA approval of the marketing application in March 2015 was awarded seven years of orphan drug exclusivity, which expired in March 2022. Generally, if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, that product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the applicable regulatory authority from approving another marketing application for the same drug for the same indication for that time period. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and ten years in Europe or, in the case of orphan drugs for which a pediatric investigation plan has been completed, 12 years. Even though we have been awarded orphan drug designation in the United States and Europe for sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN and FSGS and for pegtibatinase for the treatment of HCU, we may not be able to maintain it in Europe and the orphan drug designation may not result in orphan drug exclusivity in the United States or Europe upon approval. For example, if a competitive product that contains the same active moiety and treats the same disease as our product is shown to be clinically superior to our product, any orphan drug exclusivity we have obtained will not block the approval of such competitive product and we may effectively lose orphan drug exclusivity. Similarly, if a competitive product that contains the same active moiety and treats the same disease as our product candidate is approved for orphan drug exclusivity before our product candidate, we may not be able to obtain approval for our product candidate until the expiration of the competitive product s orphan drug exclusivity unless our product candidate is shown to be clinically superior to the competitive product. 
 Risks Related to the Development of our Product Candidates 
 Our clinical trials are expensive and time-consuming and may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of any of our current or future product candidates, including sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS and pegtibatinase (TVT-058), we must subject these product candidates to extensive nonclinical and clinical testing to demonstrate their safety and efficacy for humans. Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and may take years to complete. 
 We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, preclinical or nonclinical testing and the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent our ability to obtain, or impact our willingness to pursue, regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates, including: 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 our preclinical or nonclinical tests or clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional nonclinical testing or clinical trials or we may abandon projects that we expect to be clinically promising in light of cost or strategic considerations; 
 regulators may require us to conduct studies of the long-term effects associated with the use of our product candidates; 
 regulators or institutional review boards may not authorize us to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 
 the FDA or any non-United States regulatory authority may impose conditions on us regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials or may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to institutional review boards for re-inspection due to changes in the regulatory environment; 
 the number of patients required for our clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate or participants may drop out of our clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 
 our third-party contractors or clinical investigators may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or fail to meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner; 
 we might have to suspend or terminate one or more of our clinical trials if we, regulators or institutional review boards determine that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 
 regulators or institutional review boards may require that we hold, suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; 
 the cost of our clinical trials or the anticipated commercialization costs may be greater than we anticipate; 
 the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials may be insufficient or inadequate, or more expensive than we originally anticipated, or we may not be able to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective suppliers or clinical research organizations; and 
 the effects of our product candidates may not be the desired effects or may include undesirable side effects or the product candidates may have other unexpected characteristics. 
 We will only obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate if we can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, and in the case of foreign commercialization, to the applicable foreign regulatory authorities, in well-designed and conducted clinical trials, that our product candidates are safe and effective and otherwise meet the appropriate standards required for approval for a particular indication. 
 Conducting clinical trials effectively in pursuit of regulatory approval requires significant resources, and the costs of conducting clinical trials varies depending on a number of factors, including the dosage of the study drug, trial size and duration. These costs may prove greater than we originally anticipated, which may result in us choosing to abandon or forgo clinical trials that we deem clinically promising as we actively strategize over time with respect to the allocation of our resources. 
 Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or approvals. We do not know whether any nonclinical tests or clinical trials will be initiated as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, if at all. Significant nonclinical or clinical trial delays also could shorten the patent protection period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates. In addition, such delays could allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to commercialize our products or product candidates. 
 If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete our clinical trials or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns, we may: 
 be delayed in obtaining, or may not be able to obtain, marketing approval for one or more of our product candidates; 
 obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended or entirely different than those indications for which we sought approval; and 
 have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 In February 2021, we announced that our ongoing pivotal Phase 3 DUPLEX Study of sparsentan in FSGS achieved its pre-specified interim FSGS partial remission of proteinuria endpoint FPRE after 36 weeks of treatment and in August 2021, we announced that our ongoing pivotal Phase 3 PROTECT Study of sparsentan in IgAN achieved its pre-specified primary efficacy endpoint after 36 weeks of treatment . Pursuant to the DUPLEX and PROTECT Study protocols, patients are to continue in a blinded manner to assess the treatment effect on eGFR slope over two years in the confirmatory endpoint analyses of the studies. Given that interim results from the studies have been publicly announced, it is possible that we may see a higher than anticipated attrition rate in one or both of these studies. To the extent that an insufficient number of patients choose to remain in either study for the full two years, it could jeopardize our ability to complete the studies and submit for traditional regulatory approval for sparsentan in FSGS and/or IgAN. 
 We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials in the rare diseases on which we are focused if we are unable to locate a sufficient number of eligible patients willing and able to participate in the clinical trials required by the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies. In addition, as other companies and researchers may be concurrently developing therapies for the same or similar indications that we are focused on, we could face competition for a limited number of patients, investigators and clinical trial sites willing to participate in clinical trials. Our inability to enroll and maintain a sufficient number of patients for any of our current or future clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. 
 In January 2020, we randomized the first patients in a Phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the effects of Chenodal in adult and pediatric patients with CTX. The pivotal study, known as the RESTORE study, is intended to support an NDA submission for marketing authorization of Chenodal for CTX in the United States. While Chenodal has been used as the standard of care for CTX for over three decades, it is not labeled for CTX and as such we cannot market this drug candidate for the treatment of CTX unless and until it receives FDA approval for this indication. If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of Chenodal for the treatment of CTX, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Success in nonclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. 
 Success in nonclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. For example, although we observed favorable responses with the physician-initiated treatment of fosmetpantotenate in PKAN patients outside the United States, the Phase 3 FORT Study evaluating the safety and efficacy of fosmetpantotenate compared to placebo in patients with PKAN did not meet its primary endpoint, did not demonstrate a difference between treatment groups, and did not meet its secondary endpoint. In addition, there can be no assurance that the positive eGFR results from the open-label portion of the DUET study of sparsentan in FSGS will be repeated in the Phase 3 clinical trial. Similarly, the positive nonclinical data we have seen from pegtibatinase (TVT-058) being tested in a mouse model of homocystinuria and the positive topline results we reported in December 2021 from the ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial of pegtibatinase (TVT-058) may not be replicated in future studies. We cannot assure that any current or future clinical trials of sparsentan or pegtibatinase (TVT-058) will ultimately be successful. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approval to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive nonclinical tests to demonstrate the safety of our product candidates in animals. Nonclinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, and can take many years to complete. In addition, during the clinical development process, additional nonclinical toxicology studies are routinely conducted concurrently with the clinical development of a product candidate. If any of our product candidates show unexpected findings in concurrent toxicology studies, we could experience potentially significant delays in, or be required to abandon, development of that product candidate. A failure of one or more of our nonclinical studies can occur at any stage of testing. 
 Communications and/or feedback from regulatory authorities related to our current or planned future clinical trials does not guarantee any particular outcome from or timeline for regulatory review, and expedited regulatory review pathways may not actually lead to faster development or approval. 
 Communications and/or feedback from regulatory authorities, including the FDA or EMA, related to our current or future clinical trials does not guarantee any particular outcome from or timeline for regulatory review for such clinical trials, and expedited regulatory review pathways may not actually lead to faster development or approval. 
 In 2018 we initiated the following Phase 3 clinical trials of sparsentan: 1) a single Phase 3 clinical trial designed to serve as the basis for an NDA and MAA filing for sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS (the DUPLEX Study ), and 2) a single Phase 3 clinical trial designed to serve as the basis for an NDA and MAA filing for sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN (the PROTECT Study ). We initiated the DUPLEX Study and the PROTECT Study under the Subpart H pathway for potential accelerated approval in the United States, and potential conditional marketing authorization in Europe, in both jurisdictions based on change in proteinuria. Recognition of change in proteinuria as a surrogate endpoint in kidney disease is a relatively new regulatory development, and, as the field continues to evolve, new learnings may impact regulatory viewpoint s. 
 In February 2023, the FDA granted accelerated approval to FILSPARI (sparsentan) to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally a UPCR 1.5 gram/gram. As a postmarketing requirement, we must complete the PROTECT Study and fulfill other post-marketing requirements. The EMA has accepted for review the conditional marketing authorization application of sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN in Europe, and a review decision is expected in the second half of 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 In August 2022, following engagements with the FDA around the potential to file an NDA under Subpart H for accelerated approval of sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS, and feedback from the FDA instead indicating support solely for filing for traditional approval pending completion of the DUPLEX Study, we announced our updated plan (i) to pursue traditional approval for FSGS in the United States following receipt of the full two-year eGFR data from the DUPLEX Study, which is expected in the second quarter of 2023 and (ii) that we and CSL Vifor are submitting an application for CMA of sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN in Europe, and that pending completion of the DUPLEX Study and data supportive of approval, we and CSL Vifor are targeting to submit by the end of 2023 a subsequent variation of sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS in Europe. There is no guarantee that the data from the DUPLEX Study will support a regulatory submission or approval in the United States or Europe. 
 We expect that the EMA s determination as to whether the sufficiency of the data from the PROTECT Study supports a conditional marketing authorization (EMA) in Europe will be made during the application review process based on the totality of the data, including eGFR data available for review from the relevant studies. There can be no assurance that the EMA will deem our achievement of any interim endpoint or measurement in the PROTECT Study to be sufficient to grant conditional marketing authorization for sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN, or that our timelines will not be delayed notwithstanding the availability of an expedited regulatory review pathway. 
 Although the EMA has accepted our conditional marketing authorization application for review, t here can be no assurance that the study will proceed as planned and there can be no guarantee that the EMA will grant conditional marketing authorization in the EU for sparsentan for IgAN. Furthermore, even though sparsentan was granted accelerated approval for IgAN, there can be no assurance that the data from the ongoing PROTECT Study will support traditional approval of sparsentan as a treatment for IgAN. 
 Although the FDA has granted Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations to pegtibatinase (TVT-058) for the treatment of HCU, there is no guarantee that we will be able to reach agreement with the FDA on the final study design for a proposed Phase 3 trial of pegtibatinase (TVT-058), that we will ultimately proceed with the proposed Phase 3 trial, or that pegtibatinase (TVT-058) will be approved for HCU in the future, on an expedited timeline or at all. We intend to use a surrogate endpoint, change in total homocysteine (tHcy) level, as a biomarker to demonstrate efficacy in the proposed Phase 3 pivotal trial and to support a future marketing application for TVT-058 for the treatment of HCU. While we have commenced discussions with the FDA regarding the use of this biomarker to support a future approval under the traditional or accelerated approval pathway, we will need to have further interactions with the FDA as part of the routine regulatory advancement of the program and will need to confirm with the FDA the use of total homocysteine as the pivotal endpoint for the study, align with the FDA on the details of the study, as well as on other elements of the program such as matters related to chemistry, manufacturing and controls. Prior to initiating the proposed Phase 3 trial, we will need to evaluate the clinical/regulatory pathway and the drug supply and product profile against the backdrop of the commercial landscape and opportunity to confirm strategic alignment within the program. Due to the inherent complexities of drug development, there is no guarantee that these factors will align in support of the proposed Phase 3 program. 
 Similarly, while we were granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the investigation of Chenodal for CTX in September 2022, the Phase 3 RESTORE study may not ultimately support an NDA submission and the Fast Track designation may not ultimately lead to FDA approval of Chenodal for CTX on an expedited timeline or at all. 
 Obtaining access to an expedited program (such as Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations) may not in fact lead to faster development timelines or achieve faster review or approval than conventional FDA procedures. We may experience delays in approval timelines attributable to, among other things, acquiring sufficient supply of our product to conduct clinical trials, identifying and resolving issues relating to chemistry, manufacturing and controls, or conducting additional nonclinical or clinical studies. In addition, the FDA may withdraw access to an expedited program if it believes the access or designation is no longer supported by the data from our program. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish may change materially as more patient data become available and audit and verification procedures are complete. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline or interim data from our clinical studies, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution. From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment and dosing continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final or confirmatory data could significantly harm our business prospects. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug, drug candidate or our business. If the topline data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 We and/or a collaborative partner are or will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review for our approved products and any product candidates that receive regulatory approval. 
 The FDA s accelerated approval of FILSPARI is limited to adults with primary IgAN who are at risk of rapid disease progression, generally a UPCR 1.5 gram/gram, and is subject to our completion of the PROTECT Study. Any future regulatory approvals that sparsentan or any of our other product candidates receives may be subject to significant limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. 
 In addition, our products, including FILSPARI, and any of our product candidates that are approved by the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority, are or will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements, including for the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export, recordkeeping, conduct of potential post-marketing studies and post-market submission requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with current good manufacturing practices and good clinical practices, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, undesirable side effects caused by the product, problems encountered by our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, either before or after product approval, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing, manufacturing, or distribution of the product; 
 requirements to include additional warnings on the label; 
 requirements to create or enhance a medication guide outlining the risks to patients; 
 withdrawal of the product from the market; 
 voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 
 requirements to change the way the product is administered or for us to conduct additional clinical trials; 
 fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or our strategic partners, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 
 product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and 
 harm to our reputation. 
 For example, we have certain post-marketing requirements and commitments associated with FILSPARI and Cholbam. Further, we face risks relating to those post-marketing obligations, as well as the commercial acceptance of FILSPARI and Cholbam. If the regulatory approval for FILSPARI, Thiola, Chenodal and/or Cholbam are withdrawn for any reason, it would have a material adverse impact on our sales and profitability. 
 The third-party clinical investigators and contract research organizations that we rely upon to conduct our clinical trials may not be diligent, careful or timely, and may make mistakes, in the conduct of our trials. 
 We depend on third-party clinical investigators and contract research organizations CROs to conduct our clinical trials under agreements with us. The CROs play a significant role in the conduct of our clinical trials. Failure of the CROs to meet their obligations could adversely affect clinical development of our product candidates. The third-party clinical investigators are not our employees and we cannot control the timing or amount of resources they devote to our studies. If their performance is substandard, it could delay or prevent approval of our FDA applications. Moreover, these third-party investigators and CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. If third-party investigators and CROs allocate their resources to assist our competitors at our expense, it could harm our competitive position. In response to COVID-19, we have engaged providers of home health and remote monitoring services to assist with the ongoing conduct of our clinical trials in an 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 effort to mitigate disruption caused by COVID-19 related issues. The introduction of new third parties into our ongoing clinical trials increases the risks associated with our dependence on third parties, including the risk that substandard performance by, or competing interests of, such third parties could have a negative impact on our clinical trials. 
 Risks Related to our Products and Product Candidates 
 Our products may not achieve or maintain expected levels of market acceptance or commercial success. 
 The success of our products is dependent upon achieving and maintaining market acceptance. Commercializing products is time consuming, expensive and unpredictable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to, either by ourselves or in collaboration with our partners or through our licensees, successfully commercialize new products or current products or gain market acceptance for such products. New product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited or no commercial success. 
 Further, the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate) an entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of the affected products. Accordingly, new data about our products, or products similar to our products, could negatively impact demand for our products due to real or perceived side effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal. 
 Our current products, including FILSPARI, and any product candidates that receive marketing approval, that we or a collaboration partner bring to the market may not gain market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payers, and others in the medical community. If these products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our current products and product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling; 
 the efficacy and potential advantages over alternative treatments; 
 the pricing of our product candidates; 
 relative convenience and ease of administration; 
 the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 
 the strength of marketing and distribution support and timing of market introduction of competitive products; 
 publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and 
 sufficient third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement. 
 As part of the NDA review process for sparsentan for IgAN, the FDA required us to include a REMS and a boxed warning on the label regarding mandatory birth control for patients of child-bearing potential regarding risk of embryo-fetal toxicity, as has been required for other approved endothelin antagonists, and a REMS and boxed warning on the label for liver monitoring regarding potential risk of hepatotoxicity, as has been required for certain other approved endothelin antagonists. As part of the liver monitoring REMS, monthly monitoring of each patient is required for the first year the patient is on treatment, and quarterly thereafter. While we have taken efforts to streamline the REMS with the cadence of typical patient monitoring and have implemented convenience-focused features within the REMS program, the existence of monthly liver monitoring has the potential to be viewed as an impediment to prescribing FILSPARI. Also, while we intend to utilize our continued clinical trial experience with FILSPARI and post-marketing data gathering commitment to potentially support lifting of the liver monitoring REMS in the future following sufficient experience with FILSPARI and if supported by the data, there is no guarantee that the data will support this endeavor, or even if we believe it does, that the FDA will agree with it. 
 Even if a potential or current product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile in nonclinical and clinical trials, market acceptance of the product will not be known until after it is launched. The efforts by us or any applicable collaboration partner to educate patients, the medical community, and third-party payers on the benefits of our products may require significant resources and may never be successful. Such efforts to educate the marketplace may require more resources than are required by the conventional marketing technologies employed by our competitors. 
 The market opportunities for our products and product candidates may be smaller than we believe they are. 
 Certain of the diseases that our current and future product candidates are being developed to address, such as IgAN, FSGS and HCU, are relatively rare. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, may not be accurate. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Currently, most reported estimates of the prevalence of IgAN, FSGS and HCU are based on studies of small subsets of the population of specific geographic areas, which are then extrapolated to estimate the prevalence of the diseases in the broader world population. As new studies are performed the estimated prevalence of these diseases may change. There can be no assurance that the prevalence of IgAN, FSGS or HCU in the study populations accurately reflect the prevalence of these diseases in the broader world population. 
 The FDA-approved label of FILSPARI is currently limited to adult patients with IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally a UPCR 1.5 gram/gram. Based on our interactions with the FDA, we believe that the FDA has imposed the rapid disease progression limitation on the FILSPARI label because of the accelerated approval pathway under which the product has been approved, and that there should be an opportunity to further expand the label to cover a broader population of IgAN patients following the conclusion of the confirmatory portion of the PROTECT Study, pending supportive data. However, there can be no guarantee that this will be the case. 
 If our estimates of the prevalence of IgAN, FSGS or HCU or of the number of patients who may benefit from treatment with sparsentan or pegtibatinase prove to be incorrect or if regulatory approval is conditioned on label restrictions that limit the approved patient population, the market opportunities for our product candidates may be smaller than we believe they are, our prospects for generating revenue may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or commercialization. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in the denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for any or all targeted indications, and in turn prevent us from commercializing our product candidates and generating revenues from their sale. 
 In addition, if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by the product: 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of restrictive labeling statements; 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product; and 
 we may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials. 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product or could substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing the product candidate, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenues from its sale or adversely affect our reputation. 
 We do not currently have patent protection for certain of our commercial products. If we are unable to obtain and maintain protection for the intellectual property relating to our technology and products, their value will be adversely affected. 
 Our success will depend in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain protection in the United States and other countries for the intellectual property covering, or incorporated into, our technology and products. The patent situation in the field of biotechnology and pharmaceuticals generally is highly uncertain and involves complex legal, technical, scientific and factual questions. We do not have, and do not expect to obtain, patent protection for Thiola, Chenodal or Cholbam. Additionally, although we have a license to a granted U.S. patent covering the treatment of cystinuria by administering Thiola EC with food (U.S. Patent No. 11,458,104, "the '104 patent ), as well as a pending U.S. patent application directed to Thiola EC, we do not know whether the pending U.S. patent application or any future patent application will result in a granted patent covering Thiola EC. More generally, we may not be able to obtain additional issued patents relating to our technology or products. Even if issued, patents issued to us or our licensors, including for example the 104 patent, may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated, held to be unenforceable or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing similar products or reduce the term of patent protection we may have for our products. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 
 Patent laws vary by country. Some countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be required to grant licenses to third parties. Some countries do not grant or enforce patents related to medical treatments, or limit enforceability in the case of a public emergency. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. If we are unable to obtain or enforce patents related to medical treatments in certain countries, or we or any of our licensors is forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our business may be adversely affected. 
 The intellectual property systems in other countries can be destabilized as a result of political events, during which the ability to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection in the affected country may be uncertain and evolving. For example, as a result of the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, Russian officials have suggested that they may treat patents or patent applications owned by parties from certain countries, 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 including the United States, as unenforceable and/or provide for zero compensation compulsory licenses to such patents or patent applications. Recent court decisions in Russia have raised questions about the strength of trademark protections in Russia. The U.S. government s response to political events may also negatively affect our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection in the affected country. For example, the U.S. government has issued sanctions against Russia related to the ongoing war in Ukraine, and as a result of these sanctions, it may not be possible to pay fees necessary for prosecution and maintenance of Russian patent applications and patents in the absence of licenses or exclusions set forth by the U.S. government authorizing transactions in connection with intellectual property. Payments for trademark protection may be similarly impacted. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has issued General License No. 31, authorizing such transactions to allow filing, prosecution and maintenance of Russian patents and trademarks. Uncertainties regarding political events, including the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, as well as any resulting losses of intellectual property protection, could harm our business. 
 Our product FILSPARI is covered by U.S. Patent No. 6,638,937, which expired in 2019 and to which we have an exclusive license. In addition, U.S. Patent No. 9,662,312, to which we also have an exclusive license and which was granted on May 30, 2017 and expires in 2030, covers the use of sparsentan for treating glomerulosclerosis, including FSGS. U.S. Patent No. 9,993,461, to which we also have an exclusive license and which was granted on June 12, 2018 and expires in 2030, covers the use of sparsentan for treating IgAN as well as glomerulosclerosis, including FSGS. 
 For products we develop based on a new chemical entity not previously approved by the FDA, we expect that in addition to the protection afforded by our patent filings that we will be able to obtain five years regulatory exclusivity via the provisions of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic ("FDC") Act and possibly seven years regulatory exclusivity via the orphan drug provisions of the FDC Act. In the case of sparsentan, the periods of regulatory exclusivity may, if certain conditions are satisfied, be extended by six months on the basis of pediatric exclusivity, thereby resulting in exclusivity periods of 5.5 years and 7.5 years, respectively. In addition, we may be able to obtain up to five years patent term extension (to compensate for regulatory approval delay) for one patent covering such a product for its FDA-approved use. Such a patent, like the periods of regulatory exclusivity, also may be extended by a further six months on the basis of pediatric exclusivity if certain conditions are satisfied. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot ensure that: 
 we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications; 
 we or our licensors were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 
 any patents issued to us or our licensors that provide a basis for commercially viable products will provide us with any competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third parties; 
 we will develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 
 we will file patent applications for new proprietary technologies promptly or at all; 
 the claims we make in our patents will be upheld by patent offices in the United States and elsewhere; 
 our patents will not expire prior to or shortly after commencing commercialization of a product; and 
 the patents of others will not have a negative effect on our ability to do business. 
 We have negotiated a license agreement with Ligand Pharmaceuticals for the rights to sparsentan which we are initially developing for the treatment of IgAN and FSGS. This license subjects us to various commercialization, reporting and other obligations. If we were to default on our obligations, we and CSL Vifor could lose our rights to sparsentan. We have obtained a U.S. patent and European patent each covering the use of sparsentan for treating glomerulosclerosis, including FSGS, as well as a second U.S. patent and a second European patent each covering both the use of sparsentan for treating IgAN and the use of sparsentan for treating glomerulosclerosis, including FSGS. In addition, in 2020 we obtained a U.S. patent covering the use of sparsentan for the treatment of Alport syndrome. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain patent protection for various other potential indications for sparsentan, or whether, if granted, we would be able to enforce such patents. Additionally, in November 2020, a third party filed an opposition to our second European patent (European Patent No. EP3222277, the 277 EP Patent ), in the European Patent Office ("EPO"). While we are vigorously defending the 277 EP Patent against the opposition, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in doing so. 
 Our patents also may not afford us protection against competitors with similar technology. Because patent applications in the United States and many other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all, and because publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, neither we nor our licensors can be certain that we or they were the first to make the inventions claimed in our or their issued patents or pending patent applications, or that we or they were the first to file for protection of the inventions set forth in these patent applications. If a third party has also filed a United States patent application prior to the effective date of the relevant provisions of the America Invents Act (i.e. before March 16, 2013) covering our product candidates or a similar invention, we may have to participate 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 in an adversarial proceeding, known as an interference, declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that our efforts could be unsuccessful, resulting in a loss of our United States patent position. 
 We cannot assure you that third parties will not assert patent or other intellectual property infringement claims against us with respect to technologies used in our products. If patent infringement suits were brought against us, we may be unable to commercialize some of our products which could severely harm our business. Litigation proceedings, even if not successful, could result in substantial costs and harm our business. 
 We expect to rely on orphan drug status to develop and commercialize certain of our products and product candidates, but our orphan drug designations may not confer marketing exclusivity or other expected commercial benefits. 
 We expect to rely on orphan drug exclusivity for sparsentan and potential future product candidates that we may develop. Orphan drug status currently confers seven years of marketing exclusivity in the United States under the FDC Act, and up to ten years of marketing exclusivity in Europe for a particular product in a specified indication or, in the case of orphan drugs for which a pediatric investigation plan has been completed, 12 years. The FDA and EMA have granted orphan designation for Chenodal, sparsentan, and pegtibatinase (TVT-058) for the treatment of CTX, IgAN and FSGS and homocystinuria, respectively. While we have been granted these orphan designations, we will not be able to rely on these designations to exclude other companies from manufacturing or selling these molecules for the same indication beyond these time frames. Furthermore, in Europe, orphan drug status is re-evaluated in connection with the marketing authorization review process and a product candidate must re-qualify as of such time in order to maintain orphan drug status. In addition, any marketing exclusivity in Europe can be reduced from ten years to six years if the initial designation criteria have significantly changed since the market authorization of the orphan product. 
 For any product candidate for which we have been granted orphan drug designation in a particular indication, it is possible that another company also holding orphan drug designation for the same product candidate will receive marketing approval for the same indication before we do. If that were to happen, our applications for that indication may not be approved until the competing company's period of exclusivity expires. Even if we are the first to obtain marketing authorization for an orphan drug indication in the United States, there are circumstances under which a competing product may be approved for the same indication during the seven-year period of marketing exclusivity, such as if the later product is shown to be clinically superior to our orphan product, or if the later product is deemed a different product than ours. Further, the seven-year marketing exclusivity would not prevent competitors from obtaining approval of the same product candidate as ours for indications other than those in which we have been granted orphan drug designation, or for the use of other types of products in the same indications as our orphan product. 
 Any drugs we develop may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, thereby harming our business. 
 In March 2010, President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the "PPACA"), a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The PPACA revised the definition of average manufacturer price for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount of Medicaid drug rebates to states. The PPACA also increased the mandated Medicaid rebate from 15.1 to 23.1 of the average manufacturer price, expanded the rebate to Medicaid managed care utilization and increased the types of entities eligible for the federal 340B drug discount program. Further, the law imposed a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import certain branded prescription drug products. There have been executive, judicial, Congressional, and political challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. For example, on June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the PPACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA") into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the "donut hole" under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the PPACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any additional healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the PPACA and our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will stay in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, in January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals and imaging centers. 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement from governments or third-party payers for any products that we may develop or if we are unable to obtain acceptable prices for those products, our prospects for generating revenue and achieving profitability will suffer. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our prospects for generating revenue and achieving profitability will depend heavily upon the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement for the use of our approved product candidates from governmental and other third-party payers, both in the United States and in other markets. Reimbursement by a third-party payer may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payer s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 
 safe, effective and medically necessary; 
 appropriate for the specific patient; 
 cost-effective; and 
 neither experimental nor investigational. 
 Obtaining reimbursement approval for a product from each government or other third-party payer is a time consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of our products to each payer. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to reimbursement. Additionally, we might need to conduct post-marketing studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of any future products to such payers satisfaction. Such studies might require us to commit a significant amount of management time and financial and other resources. Even when a payer determines that a product is eligible for reimbursement, the payer may impose coverage limitations that preclude payment for some uses that are approved by the FDA or non-United States regulatory authorities. Also, prior authorization for a product may be required. In addition, there is a risk that full reimbursement may not be available for high-priced products. Moreover, eligibility for coverage does not imply that any product will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that allows us to make a profit or even cover our costs. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Further, coverage policies and third-party payer reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 A primary trend in the United States healthcare industry and elsewhere is toward cost containment. We expect the changes made by PPACA, other legislation impacting the Medicare program and the 340B program, and the increasing emphasis on managed care to continue to put pressure on pharmaceutical product pricing. As these concerns continue to grow over the need for tighter oversight, there remains the possibility that the Heath Resources and Services Administration or another agency under the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") will propose regulations or that Congress will explore changes to the 340B program through legislation. There have also been a number of initiatives pending at the state and federal level that could negatively impact the reimbursement for products approved under the accelerated approval pathway in the United States by restricting patient access or establishing differential payment models. Certain states are also in the process of establishing Patient Drug Affordability Boards with the authority in some cases to set upper payment limits. 
 Further, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices, including several recent U.S. congressional inquiries and federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, increase drug pricing transparency, expedite generic competition, review relationships between pricing and manufacturer patient assistance programs, and reform government program drug reimbursement methodologies. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order that included multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform. The plan sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but it is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. In addition, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Also, there have been reports that the U.S. government is considering targeted price controls and reference pricing based on foreign single-payer country access policies, which, if implemented, could adversely affect our revenues. 
 Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs. Additionally, we are currently unable to predict what additional legislation or regulation, if any, relating to the healthcare industry may be enacted in the future or what effect recently enacted federal legislation or any such additional legislation or regulation would have on our business. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We face potential product liability exposure far in excess of our limited insurance coverage. 
 The use of any of our potential products in clinical trials, and the sale of any approved products, may expose us to liability claims. These claims might be made directly by consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling our products. We have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials in the amount of 10 million per occurrence and 25 million in the aggregate. However, our insurance may not reimburse us or may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. We intend to expand our insurance coverage as we obtain marketing approval for additional product candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance. On occasion, juries have awarded large judgments in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would decrease our cash reserves and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. Our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 Several of our competitors have substantially greater financial, research and development, distribution, manufacturing and marketing experience and resources than we do and represent substantial long-term competition for us. Other companies may succeed in developing and marketing products that are more effective and/or less costly than any products that may be developed and marketed by us, or that are commercially accepted before any of our products. Factors affecting competition in the pharmaceutical and drug industries vary, depending on the extent to which a competitor is able to achieve a competitive advantage based on its proprietary technology and ability to market and sell drugs. The industry in which we compete is characterized by extensive research and development efforts and rapid technological progress. Although we believe that our orphan drug status and proprietary position with respect to sparsentan may give us a competitive advantage, new developments are expected to continue and there can be no assurance that discoveries by others will not render such potential products noncompetitive. Furthermore, competitors could enter the market with generic versions of our products. For example, a generic option for the 100 mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved by the FDA in May 2021 and a second 100 mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved by the FDA in June 2022. 
 Our competitive position also depends on our ability to enter into strategic alliances with one or more large pharmaceutical and contract manufacturing companies, attract and retain qualified personnel, develop effective proprietary products, implement development and marketing plans, obtain patent protection, secure adequate capital resources and successfully sell and market our approved products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve all of the foregoing objectives. 
 Use of third parties to manufacture our products and product candidates may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product and product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost, and clinical development and commercialization of our product and product candidates could be delayed, prevented or impaired. 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial production of our products or product candidates. We have limited personnel with experience in drug manufacturing and we lack the resources and the capabilities to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We outsource all manufacturing and packaging of our nonclinical, clinical, and commercial products to third parties. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up initial production and in maintaining required quality control. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields and quality control, including stability of the product candidate. 
 We intend to rely on third-party manufacturers for the long-term commercial supply of FILSPARI and for our development stage product candidates, including sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS and pegtibatinase (TVT-058). We expect the manufacturers of each product or product candidate to, at least initially and potentially for a significant period of time, be single source suppliers to us. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we may not be subject if we manufactured our product candidates or products ourselves, including: 
 reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 
 limitations on supply availability resulting from capacity and scheduling constraints of the third parties; 
 less control over cost increases resulting from inflationary pressures affecting raw materials and other supply chain components; 
 impact on our reputation in the marketplace if manufacturers of our products fail to meet the demands of our customers; 
 the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party because of factors beyond our control; and 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party, based on its own business priorities, at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 
 The failure of any of our contract manufacturers to maintain high manufacturing standards could result in injury or death of clinical trial participants or patients using our products. Such failure could also result in product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures or withdrawals, delays or failures in testing or delivery, cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business or profitability. 
 Our contract manufacturers are required to adhere to FDA regulations setting forth cGMP. These regulations cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and recordkeeping relating to our product candidates and any products that we may commercialize. Our manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our manufacturers are subject to unannounced inspections by the FDA, state regulators and similar regulators outside the United States. We are ultimately responsible for ensuring that our API and finished products are manufactured in accordance with cGMP regulations and similar regulatory requirements outside the United States, and it is therefore critical that we maintain effective management practices and oversight with respect to our third-party manufacturers, including routine auditing. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our product candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect regulatory approval and supplies of our product candidates. 
 Our product and any products that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that are both capable of manufacturing for us and willing to do so. A health epidemic or pandemic and associated vaccine or treatment development and manufacturing efforts may increase demand for the services supplied by many third-party manufacturers, including some of those that we utilize for our products and product candidates, which may result in decreased availability of manufacturing slots at many such facilities. If the third parties that we engage to manufacture products for our developmental or commercial products should halt or cease to continue to do so for any reason, we likely would experience interruptions in cash flows and/or delays in advancing our clinical trials while we identify and qualify replacement suppliers, and we may be unable to obtain replacement supplies on terms that are favorable to us. Later relocation to another manufacturer will also require notification, review and other regulatory approvals from the FDA and other regulators and will subject our production to further cost and instability in the availability of our product candidates. In addition, if we are not able to obtain adequate supplies of our products and product candidates, or the drug substances used to manufacture them, it will be more difficult for us to sell our products and to develop our product candidates. This could greatly reduce our competitiveness and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our products and product candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to develop product candidates and commercialize our marketed products and any other products that may obtain regulatory approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 Materials necessary to manufacture our products and product candidates may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which may delay the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates. 
 We rely on the manufacturers of our products and product candidates to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce the compounds for our nonclinical and clinical studies and rely on these other manufacturers for commercial distribution if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates. Suppliers may not sell these materials to our manufacturers at the time we need them or on commercially reasonable terms and all such prices are susceptible to fluctuations in price and availability due to transportation costs, government regulations, price controls, and changes in economic climate or other foreseen circumstances. We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of these materials by our manufacturers. In addition, significant increases in inflation and global supply chain disruptions, as well as past and potential future disruptions related to COVID-19 and potential future disruptions related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and global geopolitical tension, including between the U.S. and China, have had and may continue to have a negative impact on our manufacturers ability to acquire the materials necessary for our business. Moreover, we currently do not have any agreements for the commercial production of these materials. If our manufacturers are unable to obtain these materials for our nonclinical and clinical studies, product testing and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates would be delayed, significantly impacting our ability to develop our product candidates. If our manufacturers or we are unable to purchase these materials after regulatory approval has been obtained for our product candidates, the commercial launch of our product candidates would be delayed or there would be a shortage in supply, which would materially affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our product candidates. For example, in 2021 a membrane used in pegtibatinase (TVT-058) drug substance manufacturing became more difficult to acquire due to the same or similar membranes being used in certain of the COVID-19 vaccine manufacturing and we continue to see challenges with securing materials used in the pegtibatinase manufacturing process that are in short supply as a result of COVID-19. While we believe our contingency plans will enable us to continue the ongoing clinical study of pegtibatinase (TVT-058) with the currently available clinical supplies, there is no guarantee that we will not face additional shortages of this membrane, or other materials necessary to manufacture pegtibatinase (TVT-058) or our other products and product candidates. If our risk mitigation plans are not successful in overcoming these challenges, our pegtibatinase program or other products and product candidates, could be delayed. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects, and our profitability in the future is uncertain. 
 We face the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, many of which are beyond our control, associated with any business in its early stages and have a limited operating history on which an evaluation of our prospects can be made. Such prospects should be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered in the establishment of a business in a new industry, characterized by a number of market entrants and intense competition, and in the shift from development to commercialization of new products based on innovative technologies. 
 We have experienced significant growth over the past five years in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations. We have expanded our sales and marketing, compliance and legal functions in addition to expansion of all functions to support a commercial organization. We have also expanded our operations in anticipation of the commercial launch of FILSPARI in the United States, including by adding additional members to our sales force, and expect to continue to hire additional staff in the coming months. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities, continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel, and successfully integrate such expanded operations into our existing business. To succeed, we must recruit, retain, manage and motivate qualified clinical, scientific, technical, commercial and management personnel, and we face significant competition for experienced personnel. 
 Due to our limited resources, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel, including in connection with the planned commercial launch of FILSPARI in the United States. The physical expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability on the part of our management to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our products without strategic partners or licensees include: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 
 the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or educate adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe our products; 
 the lack of complementary products to be offered by our sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage against companies with broader product lines; 
 unforeseen costs associated with expanding our own sales and marketing team for new products or with entering into a partnering agreement with an independent sales and marketing organization; and 
 efforts by our competitors to commercialize competitive products. 
 Moreover, though we generate revenues from product sales arrangements, we may incur significant operating losses over the next several years. Our ability to achieve profitable operations in the future will depend in large part upon successful in-licensing of products approved by the FDA, selling and manufacturing these products, completing development of our products, obtaining regulatory approvals for these products, and bringing these products to market. The likelihood of the long-term success of our company must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered in the development and commercialization of new drug products, competitive factors in the marketplace, as well as the regulatory environment in which we operate. 
 In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. 
 We depend on a highly experienced and skilled workforce to grow and operate our business. If we are unable to attract, retain and engage our employees, we may not be able to grow effectively. 
 The execution of our strategic objectives and future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain a highly qualified workforce. We depend on contributions from our employees, and, in particular, our senior management team, to execute efficiently and effectively. Our success further depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled mid-level and senior managers as well as team members at various levels in the scientific, development, medical and commercial areas of the business, particularly as we hire additional personnel in connection with our planned commercial launch of FILSPARI in the United States. 
 Our headquarters are based in San Diego, California. This region is home to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for qualified key talent in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain employees on acceptable terms, or at all. As a result, we may not be able to retain our existing employees or hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary, cash incentives and other employee benefits, we have provided stock options and restricted stock unit ("RSU") awards that vest over time. The value to employees of stock options and RSU awards that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Current market conditions and the potential for extreme stock price volatility exacerbates this risk. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific, development and commercial teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. All of our employees have at-will employment, which means that they could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key person insurance policies on the lives of any of our employees. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our hiring and retention needs, our ability to meet our strategic objectives and our business and operating results may be adversely impacted. 
 Health epidemics or pandemics could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A health epidemic or pandemic poses the risk that we or our clinical trial subjects, employees, contractors, collaborators, suppliers and vendors may be prevented from conducting certain clinical trials or other business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to travel restrictions, quarantines, stay-at-home and "shelter-in-place" orders or shutdowns that have been or may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities, or that our or their ability to conduct operations will be negatively impacted by staffing shortages while employees quarantine as a result of exposure to or transmission of the virus. In addition, a health epidemic or pandemic could impact personnel at third-party manufacturing facilities in the United States and other countries, including China, or the availability or cost of materials, which could potentially disrupt the supply chain for our commercial products, our product candidates or the comparator products in our ongoing clinical trials. 
 The timelines and conduct of our ongoing clinical trials previously have been affected by COVID-19 and we may experience similar delays or interruptions due to COVID-19 or other health epidemics or pandemics in the future. For example, in 2020 we experienced a reduction in the rates of patient enrollment in our ongoing clinical trials as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we remain in close contact with our CROs, clinical sites and suppliers in an attempt to manage and mitigate the impacts that COVID-19 may have on our clinical trials and projected timelines and we have implemented certain mitigating measures in accordance with COVID-19 related FDA guidance in an effort to ensure the ongoing safety of the patients in our clinical trials and the continued collection of high quality data, there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. As challenging as conducting clinical trials is during normal times, the risks, operational challenges and costs of conducting clinical trials increased substantially during the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, restrictions caused by the COVID-19 or other health epidemic or pandemic may result in impediments to obtaining biopsies, which could impact the ability to timely obtain diagnoses of IgAN or FSGS. 
 Beginning in March 2020, substantially all of our workforce began working remotely either all or substantially all of the time as a result of applicable stay-at-home and shelter-in-place orders. As of the date of this report, the majority of our workforce is still working remotely, at least part of the time. The effects of any similar orders in the future or our related remote-work policies may negatively impact productivity, disrupt our business and delay our development programs, regulatory and commercialization timelines, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. Remote work operations also heighten the risk of cyber-attacks and make it more difficult for us to protect our confidential information. In addition, as many of our employees have returned to the office at least part of the time, we cannot guarantee that our workforce will not face an outbreak that could adversely impact our operations. 
 Moreover, COVID-19 continues to evolve, and the extent to which COVID-19 may impact our business, results of operations and financial position will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the emergence, infectiousness and severity of new variants, travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions, global supply challenges, and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease. New health epidemics or pandemics may emerge that result in similar or more severe disruptions to our business. 
 We will likely experience fluctuations in operating results and could incur substantial losses. 
 We expect that our operating results will vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year as a result of investments in research and development, specifically our clinical and nonclinical development activities. We anticipate that our expenses will continue to increase as we: 
 continue the ongoing portion of the Phase 3 trial of FILSPARI for the treatment of IgAN to the confirmatory endpoint and through the open-label extension period; 
 continue the open label portion of DUET and the Phase 3 trial of sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS; 
 continue the research and development of additional product candidates, including pegtibatinase (TVT-058); 
 expand our sales and marketing infrastructure to commercialize our current approved products, and any other products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; and 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 expand operational, financial, and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support product development efforts and our obligations as a public company. 
 To attain and sustain profitability, we must succeed in developing and commercializing drugs with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including the discovery of product candidates, successful completion of nonclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for these product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. We may not be successful enough in these activities to generate revenues that are substantial enough to recoup the expenses we have expended in conducting these activities to achieve profitability. Pursuant to the Ligand License Agreement, we are obligated to pay to Ligand an escalating annual royalty between 15 and 17 of net sales of FILSPARI and any other products containing sparsentan or related compounds, which will impact our potential future profit from the commercialization of FILSPARI in the United States and sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN in Europe, if approved, as well as sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS, if approved. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become or remain profitable could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings or continue our operations. A decline in the market price of our common stock may also cause a loss of a part or all of your investment. 
 Negative publicity regarding any of our products could impair our ability to market any such product and may require us to spend time and money to address these issues. 
 If any of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies prove to be, or are asserted to be, harmful to consumers and/or subject to FDA enforcement action, our ability to successfully market and sell our products could be impaired. Because of our dependence on patient and physician perceptions, any adverse publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting from the use or misuse of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies could limit the commercial potential of our products and expose us to potential liabilities. 
 We may not have sufficient insurance to cover our liability in any current or future litigation claims either due to coverage limits or as a result of insurance carriers seeking to deny coverage of such claims. 
 We face a variety of litigation-related liability risks. Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, other applicable agreements, and/or Delaware law require us to indemnify (and advance expenses to) our current and past directors and officers and employees from reasonable expenses related to the defense of any action arising from their service to us, including circumstances under which indemnification is otherwise discretionary. While our directors and officers are included in a director and officer liability insurance policy, which covers all our directors and officers in some circumstances, our insurance coverage does not cover all of our indemnification obligations and may not be adequate to cover any indemnification or other claims against us. In addition, the underwriters of our present coverage may seek to avoid coverage in certain circumstances based upon the terms of the respective policies. If we incur liabilities that exceed our coverage under our directors and officers insurance policy or incur liabilities not covered by our insurance, we would have to self-fund any indemnification amounts owed to our directors and officers and employees in which case our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Further, if D O insurance becomes prohibitively expensive to maintain in the future, we may be unable to renew such insurance on economic terms or unable to renew such insurance at all. The lack of D O insurance may make it difficult for us to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers to serve our company, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We may need substantial funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed. 
 We expect our general and research and development expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing and planned activities, particularly as we conduct later-stage clinical trials of our product candidates. In addition, in anticipation of the planned commercial launch of FILSPARI in the United States, we have begun to incur significant commercialization expenses and expect to continue to incur significant commercialization expenses for FILSPARI and any other future approved products, including for product sales and marketing, securing commercial quantities of product from our manufacturers, and product distribution. Our expenses have and may continue to increase as a result of increasing inflation in the United States and abroad. We currently have no additional commitments or arrangements for any additional financing to fund the research and development and commercial launch of our product candidates. General market conditions, including increases in interest rates and stock price volatility, and ongoing issues arising from COVID-19, Russia's invasion of Ukraine and global geopolitical tensions, as well as market conditions affecting companies in the life sciences industry in general, may make it difficult for us to seek financing from the capital markets on attractive terms, or at all. 
 Management believes our ability to continue our operations depends on our ability to sustain and grow revenue, results of operations and our ability to access capital markets when necessary to accomplish our strategic objectives. Management believes that we may incur losses in the immediate future. We expect that our operating results will vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year as a result of investments in research and development, specifically our clinical and nonclinical development activities. We expect to finance our cash needs from cash on hand and results of operations, and depending on results of operations we may either need additional equity or debt financing, or need to enter into strategic alliances on products in development to continue our operations until we can achieve sustained profitability and positive cash flows from operating activities. Additional funds may not be available to us when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to reduce or eliminate research development programs or commercial efforts. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 the timing, progress, cost and results of our clinical trials, preclinical studies and other discovery and research and development activities; 
 the timing of, and costs involved in, seeking and obtaining marketing approvals for our products, and in maintaining quality systems standards for our products; 
 the timing of, and costs involved in, commercial activities, including product marketing, sales and distribution; 
 our ability to successfully commercialize FILSPARI in adult patients with IgAN, and to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize sparsentan for FSGS and our other or future product candidates; 
 increases or decreases in revenue from our marketed products, including decreases resulting from generic entrants or health epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19; 
 debt service obligations on the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes; 
 the number and development requirements of other product candidates that we pursue; 
 our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of our products to meet expected demand; 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications and maintaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property related claims; 
 our ability to enter into collaboration, licensing or distribution arrangements and the terms and timing of these arrangements; 
 the potential need to expand our business, resulting in additional payroll and other overhead expenses; 
 the potential in-licensing of other products or technologies; 
 the emergence of competing products and technologies and other adverse market developments; 
 the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products and technologies; and 
 the potential impacts of inflation and resulting cost increases. 
 The market price for shares of our common stock may be volatile and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
 The price of our stock is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general, and the market for biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 
 results of clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors; 
 our entry into or the loss of a significant collaboration; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries, including changes in the health care payment systems; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain marketing approvals from the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States; 
 variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors and issuance of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions, including the impacts thereon of inflation and rising interest rates, COVID-19, Russia's invasion of Ukraine and global geopolitical tensions; 
 results of clinical trials conducted by others on drugs that would compete with our product candidates; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights; 
 public concern over our product candidates or any products approved in the future; 
 litigation; 
 communications from government officials regarding health care costs or pharmaceutical pricing; 
 future sales or anticipated sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; and 
 the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 In addition, the stock markets, and in particular, the Nasdaq Stock Market, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many pharmaceutical companies. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in these Risk Factors could have a dramatic and material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate new products or businesses we may acquire. 
 We intend to expand our product pipeline by pursuing acquisition of pharmaceutical products. If an acquisition is consummated, the integration of the acquired business, product or other assets into our company may also be complex and time- consuming and, if such businesses, products and assets are not successfully integrated, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits, cost-savings or growth opportunities. Potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following: 
 integrating personnel, operations and systems, while maintaining focus on producing and delivering consistent, high quality products; 
 coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; 
 distracting employees from operations; 
 retaining existing customers and attracting new customers; and 
 managing inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the acquired company or product into our own operations. 
 Furthermore, these acquisitions and other arrangements, even if successfully integrated, may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or geographic markets, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with an acquired business, product, technology or other asset or arrangement. Any one of these challenges or risks could impair our ability to realize any benefit from our acquisitions or arrangements after we have expended resources on them. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 Our business exposes us to potential liability risks inherent in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products. If any of our product candidates in clinical trials or commercialized products harm people we may be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. We have clinical trial insurance and commercial product liability coverage. However, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all claims. We may be exposed to product liability claims and product recalls, including those which may arise from misuse or malfunction of, or design flaws in, such products, whether or not such problems directly relate to the products and services we have provided. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop; 
 damage to our reputation; 
 regulatory investigations that could require costly recalls or product modifications; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients, including awards that substantially exceed our product liability insurance, which we would then be required to pay from other sources, if available, and would damage our ability to obtain liability insurance at reasonable costs, or at all, in the future; 
 loss of revenue; 
 the diversion of management s attention from managing our business; and 
 the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 
 A successful product liability claim or a series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to fall and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our available cash and adversely affect our business. 
 We may become involved in litigation matters, which could result in substantial costs, divert management's attention and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 From time to time we may become involved in certain litigation matters, including those described in Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. Although we intend to vigorously defend our interests in each matter, there is no guarantee that we will be successful and we may have to pay damages awards or otherwise may enter into settlement arrangements in connection with such matters. Any such payments or settlement arrangements could have material adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending our interests in each matter, litigation with respect to such matters could result in substantial costs and significant adverse impact on our reputation and divert management's attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and may limit our commercial success. 
 We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations, such as safety reporting requirements and additional post-marketing obligations, including regulatory oversight of the promotion and marketing of our products. In addition, the manufacture, quality control, labeling, packaging, safety surveillance, adverse event reporting, storage and recordkeeping for our products are subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. If we become aware of previously unknown problems with any of our products, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on our products, our contract manufacturers or us. If we, our products and product candidates, or the manufacturing facilities for our products and product candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency, including the FDA, may send enforcement letters, mandate labeling changes, suspend or withdraw regulatory approval, suspend any ongoing clinical trials, refuse to approve pending applications or supplements filed by us, suspend or impose restrictions on manufacturing operations, request a recall of, seize or detain a product, seek criminal prosecution or an injunction, or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines. In such instances, we could experience a significant drop in the sales of the affected products, our product revenues and reputation in the marketplace may suffer, and we could become the target of lawsuits. 
 We are also subject to regulation by national, regional, state and local agencies, including but not limited to the FDA, CMS, Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission, the HHS Office of Inspector General and other regulatory bodies. The FDC Act, Social Security Act, Public Health Service Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern to varying degrees the research, development, manufacturing and commercial activities relating to prescription pharmaceutical products, including nonclinical testing, clinical research, approval, production, labeling, sale, distribution, post-market surveillance, advertising, dissemination of information, promotion, marketing, and pricing to government purchasers and government health care programs. Our manufacturing partners are subject to many of the same requirements. 
 Companies may not promote drugs for off-label uses-that is, uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those approved by the FDA or other applicable regulatory agencies. However, a company may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the product s labeling. A company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions. In addition, management s attention could be diverted from our business operations and our reputation could be damaged. 
 The federal health care program Anti-Kickback statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any health care item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. This statute has been interpreted broadly to apply to arrangements that pharmaceutical companies have with prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others. Further, the PPACA, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback statute so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the PPACA provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors under the federal anti-kickback statute protecting certain common manufacturer business arrangements and activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and an arrangement must meet all of the conditions specified in order to be fully protected from scrutiny under the federal anti-kickback statute. We seek to 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 comply with the exceptions and safe harbors whenever possible, but our practices, such as our patient assistance programs and prompt pay discounts with certain customers, may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection from anti-kickback liability and may be subject to scrutiny. 
 The federal false claims laws, including the federal False Claims Act, prohibit any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Additionally, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. Many pharmaceutical and other health care companies have been investigated and have reached substantial financial settlements with the federal government under the federal False Claims Act for a variety of alleged marketing activities, including providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product; providing consulting fees, grants, free travel, and other benefits to physicians to induce them to prescribe the company s products; and inflating prices reported to private price publication services, which may be used by states to set drug payment rates under government health care programs. Companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the marketing of their products for unapproved uses. Pharmaceutical and other health care companies have also been prosecuted on other legal theories of Medicare and Medicaid fraud. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. It is not clear whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of any Travere products, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 
 We also could become subject to government investigations and related subpoenas. Such subpoenas are often associated with previously filed qui tam actions, or lawsuits filed under seal under the federal False Claims Act. Qui tam actions are brought by private plaintiffs suing on behalf of the federal government for alleged violations of the federal False Claims Act. The time and expense associated with responding to such subpoenas, and any related qui tam or other actions, may be extensive, and we cannot predict the results of our review of the responsive documents and underlying facts or the results of such actions. Responding to government investigations, defending any claims raised, and any resulting fines, restitution, damages and penalties, settlement payments or administrative actions, as well as any related actions brought by stockholders or other third parties, could have a material impact on our reputation, business and financial condition and divert the attention of our management from operating our business. 
 The number and complexity of both federal and state laws continues to increase, and additional governmental resources are being added to enforce these laws and to prosecute companies and individuals who are believed to be violating them. In particular, the PPACA includes a number of provisions aimed at strengthening the government s ability to pursue anti-kickback and false claims cases against pharmaceutical manufacturers and other healthcare entities, including substantially increased funding for healthcare fraud enforcement activities, enhanced investigative powers, amendments to the federal False Claims Act that make it easier for the government and whistleblowers to pursue cases for alleged kickback and false claim violations and public reporting of certain payments and transfers of value by certain pharmaceutical manufacturers to physicians and teaching hospitals nationwide. We anticipate that government scrutiny of pharmaceutical sales and marketing practices will continue for the foreseeable future and subject us to the risk of further government investigations and enforcement actions. Responding to a government investigation or enforcement action would be expensive and time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than in the United States. We cannot assure that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in criminal or civil penalties or remedial measures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the federal anti-kickback statute, the PPACA amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud provisions under HIPAA such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the PPACA, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies to report annually information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 physicians and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 Moreover, the Drug Supply Chain Security Act imposes obligations on manufacturers of pharmaceutical products related to product tracking and tracing. We are not sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the current regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on our business, if any, may be. 
 Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations, including state anti-kickback and false claims laws, that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer. Further, certain states require implementation of commercial compliance programs and marketing codes, compliance with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines, and compliance with the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government. Other various state level requirements include restricting payments or the provision of other items of value that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; restricting various marketing practices; requiring prescription drug companies to report expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of drug products; requiring the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes; requiring the registration of sales representatives; requiring the reporting of certain information related to drug pricing; and requiring drug manufacturers to track and report information related to payments, gifts, compensation, and other items of value to physicians and other healthcare providers. 
 In February 2021, we entered into a limited co-promotion arrangement with Albireo Pharma, Inc. ("Albireo"), providing for our Cholbam dedicated sales representatives to dedicate a portion of their efforts to promoting Albireo's product, Bylvay (odevixibat), in the United States following approval. In July 2021, Albireo announced that the U.S. Food Drug Administration ("FDA") has approved Bylvay (odevixibat) for the treatment of pruritis in patients with Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis ("PFIC"). In addition to our activities in connection with promoting our own products, if our or Albireo's sales representatives violate or are perceived to have violated any applicable regulatory requirement in promoting Bylvay (odevixibat), we could become subject to investigations, litigation, and/or penalties as described above, reputational harm, as well as contractual liabilities associated with the Albireo co-promotion agreement, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The limited co-promotion agreement terminated in July 2022, in accordance with our mutual agreement with Albireo to terminate the agreement upon the one-year anniversary of the July 2021 launch. 
 If we are not able to obtain and maintain required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize our products, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 
 Our product candidates, once approved, and the activities associated with their manufacture, marketing, distribution, and sales are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to adhere to regulations set out by these bodies for one or more of our commercial products could prevent us from commercializing the product candidate in the jurisdiction of the regulatory authority. We have only limited experience in meeting the regulatory requirements incumbent on the sale of drugs in the United States and elsewhere, and expect to rely on third-parties to assist us in these processes. If these third parties fail to adequately adhere to the regulations governing drug distribution and promotion we may be unable to sell our products, which could have a material effect on our ability to generate revenue. 
 Our product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate in the jurisdiction of the regulatory authority. We have only limited experience in filing and prosecuting the applications necessary to obtain regulatory approvals and expect to rely on third-party contract research organizations to assist us in this process. 
 Securing FDA approval requires the submission of extensive nonclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the FDA for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing FDA approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and successful inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the FDA. Our future products may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining regulatory approval or prevent or limit commercial use. 
 Our product candidates may fail to obtain regulatory approval for many reasons, including: 
 our failure to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for a particular indication; 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities for approval; 
 our inability to demonstrate that a product candidate s benefits outweigh its risks; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 our inability to demonstrate that the product candidate presents an advantage over existing therapies; 
 the FDA s or comparable regulatory authorities disagreement with the manner in which we interpret the data from nonclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 failure of the third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical or commercial supplies to satisfactorily complete an FDA pre-approval inspection of the facility or facilities at which the product is manufactured to assess compliance with the FDA s cGMP regulations to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; and 
 a change in the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities or a change in the laws governing the approval process. 
 The process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and non-United States regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data is insufficient for approval and require additional nonclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from nonclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. Any FDA or other regulatory approval of our product candidates, once obtained, may be withdrawn, including for failure to comply with regulatory requirements or if clinical or manufacturing problems follow initial marketing. 
 We are subject to stringent and changing U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, process) personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, data we collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials, and sensitive third-party data. Our data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of personal data by us and on our behalf. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act) and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH"), and their respective implementing regulations, imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH, through its implementing regulations, makes certain of HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as a person or organization, other than a member of a covered entity s workforce, that creates, receives, maintains or transmits protected health information for or on behalf of a covered entity for a function or activity regulated by HIPAA as well as their covered subcontractors. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA imposes obligations on businesses to which it applies. These obligations include, without limitation, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices, affording California residents certain rights related to their personal data, and requiring businesses subject to the CCPA to implement certain measures to effectuate California residents personal data rights. The CCPA allows for statutory fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation). Although the CCPA exempts some data processed in the context of clinical trials, the CCPA increases compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), operative on January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA, by applying it to personal information of business representatives and employees, establishing a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CCPA (as amended) and adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information. Other states have enacted data privacy laws, including Virginia and Colorado, both of which differ from the CPRA and become effective in 2023. Additional data privacy and security legislation has been proposed at the federal, state, and local levels in recent years. While these states, like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, such laws could increase our potential liability, increase compliance costs, or adversely affect our business. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR ), the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR ), Brazil s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD (Law No. 13,709/2018), and China s Personal Information Protection Law PIPL impose strict requirements for processing personal data. For example, the EU GDPR imposes significant and complex burdens on processing personal data, particularly for processing special category personal data (such as personal data related to health and genetic information), which could be relevant to our operations in the context of our conduct of clinical trials and is of interest to relevant regulators. Under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of annual global 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 revenue, whichever is greater. Further, under the EU GDPR, individuals may initiate litigation related to processing of their personal data, as well as consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent data subjects' interests. 
 In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups around the world have proposed, and may propose, standards with which we are legally or contractually bound to comply. We may also be bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. Additionally, we may publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom (UK) have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border transfer laws, which could make it more difficult to transfer information across jurisdictions or prevent us from conducting business in certain countries. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. 
 If we are unable to implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border personal data transfers, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we may face significant adverse consequences, including increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe. Inability to import personal data from Europe to the United States may significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe and elsewhere; limiting our ability to collaborate with CROs, service providers, contractors and other companies that are subject to such cross-border data transfer or localization laws; the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense; or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities and infrastructure in foreign jurisdictions at significant expense. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activities groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 Our obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing in an increasingly stringent fashion, creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires significant resources and may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party service provider to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. If we or any of our partners fail to comply or are perceived to have failed to comply with applicable obligations, we or they could be subject to a range of regulatory actions or litigation that could affect our or our partners' ability to commercialize our products and conduct necessary research and development, and could harm or prevent sales of the affected products, or could substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing and marketing our products. Any threatened or actual government enforcement action or litigation could also generate adverse publicity and require that we devote substantial resources that could otherwise be used in other aspects of our business. Compliance with applicable federal, state, and foreign laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that violate them may face substantial penalties. The potential sanctions include significant criminal fines, civil monetary penalties, administrative penalties, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in federal health care programs, individual imprisonment, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, reputational harm, administrative burdens, interruption or cessation of clinical trials, additional oversight and reporting obligations if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, and other sanctions. Because of the breadth of these laws, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws. Such a challenge, irrespective of the underlying merits of the challenge or the ultimate outcome of the matter, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse impacts resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; interruptions to our operations such as clinical trials; harm to our reputation; loss of revenue or profits; loss of sales and other adverse consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and our third-party service providers may process proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data (such as health-related data and data related to our clinical trials), intellectual property, and trade secrets (collectively, sensitive information). We may rely upon third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, third-party providers of cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 employee email, and other functions. We also rely on third-party service providers to provide certain products, including active pharmaceutical ingredients, to operate our business, including in China. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised. We may share or receive sensitive information with or from third parties. 
 Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. These threats are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), "hacktivists", organized criminal threat actors, sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyberattacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, including the war in Ukraine, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyberattacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of other evolving threats, including, but not limited to, social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, and other similar threats. In particular, ransomware attacks, including those from organized criminal threat actors, nation-states and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, disruption of clinical trials, loss of data (including data related to clinical trials), loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. To alleviate the financial, operational and reputational impact of a ransomware attack, it may be preferable to make extortion payments, but we may be unwilling or unable to do so (including, for example, if applicable laws prohibit such payments). Additionally, remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit, and in public locations. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could also expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our products and services. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical trial activities) to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be successful and could result in a material disruption of our programs and operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing clinical trials for any of our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities 
 Applicable data security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of any security incidents, including affected individuals, customers, and regulators. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements, could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our products or services, deter new customers from using our products or services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. In addition, our insurance coverage 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 may not be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices or that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of existing, new and proposed tax laws and regulations could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. 
 The tax regimes to which we are subject or under which we operate are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. The issuance of additional guidance related to existing or future tax laws, or changes to tax laws or regulations proposed or implemented by the current or a future U.S. presidential administration, Congress, or taxing authorities in other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside of the United States, could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions depends on the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities, tax rates, new or revised tax laws, or interpretations of tax laws and policies, and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for pricing intercompany transactions pursuant to our intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. Similarly, a taxing authority could assert that we are subject to tax in a jurisdiction where we believe we have not established a taxable connection, often referred to as a permanent establishment under international tax treaties, and such an assertion, if successful, could increase our expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenses for tax purposes in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to capitalize and subsequently amortize such expenses over five years for research activities conducted in the United States and over 15 years of research activities conducted outside the United States. Unless the United States Department of the Treasury issues regulations that narrow the application of this provision to a smaller subset of our research and development expenses or the provision is deferred, modified, or repealed by Congress, in future years we may experience a material decrease in our cash flows from operations and an offsetting similarly sized increase in our net deferred tax assets over these amortization periods. The actual impact of this provision will depend on multiple factors, including the amount of research and development expenses we will incur and whether we conduct our research and development activities inside or outside the United States and our overall net operating loss position. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income and taxes may be subject to limitations. 
 Under current law, our federal net operating losses ("NOLs") generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs is limited to 80 of taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss ("NOL") of 90.2 million. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change U.S. tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. It is possible that we have experienced an ownership change in the past. In addition, we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. 
 As a result, our federal NOL carryforwards may be subject to a percentage limitation if used to offset income in tax years following an ownership change. In addition, it is possible that we have in the past undergone, and in the future may undergo, additional ownership changes that could limit our ability to use all of our pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset our post-change income or taxes. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOL carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. As a result, we may be unable to use all or a material portion of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes, which would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. 
 Changes in funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if the FDA or EDA experience resource constraints, it could significantly impact the ability of the applicable regulatory agency to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) matters or our reporting of such matters. 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, employees, partners, and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters. While we have internal efforts directed at ESG matters and preparations for increased future disclosures, we may be perceived by certain stakeholders as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters, which could negatively impact us. Moreover, the SEC has recently proposed, and may continue to propose, certain mandated ESG reporting requirements, such as the SEC's proposed rules designed to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures, which, if finally approved, would significantly increase our compliance and reporting costs and may also result in disclosures that certain investors or other stakeholders deem to negatively impact our reputation and/or that harm our stock price. In addition, given our business model, we currently do not report our environmental emissions and absent a legal requirement to do so we currently do not plan to report our environmental emissions, and lack of reporting could result in certain investors declining to invest in our common stock. 
 The withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit, may adversely impact our ability to obtain regulatory approvals of our product candidates in the United Kingdom, result in restrictions or imposition of taxes and duties for importing our product candidates into the United Kingdom, and may require us to incur additional expenses in order to develop, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates in the United Kingdom. 
 Following the result of a referendum in 2016, the United Kingdom left the European Union on January 31, 2020, commonly referred to as Brexit. Pursuant to the formal withdrawal arrangements agreed between the United Kingdom and the European Union, the United Kingdom was subject to a transition period that ended December 31, 2020, or the Transition Period, during which EU rules continued to apply. A trade and cooperation agreement, or the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, that outlines the future trading relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union was agreed in December 2020 and has been in effect since January 1, 2022. 
 Since a significant proportion of the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom applicable to our business and our product candidates is derived from EU directives and regulations, Brexit has had, and may continue to have, a material impact on the regulatory regime with respect to the development, manufacture, importation, approval and commercialization of our product candidates in the United Kingdom or, to the extent any development of our product candidates takes place in the United Kingdom, the European Union. For example, Great Britain is no longer covered by the centralized procedures for obtaining EU-wide marketing authorization from the EMA, and a separate marketing authorization will be required to market our product candidates in Great Britain. Centralized marketing authorizations continue to allow marketing in Northern Ireland. 
 While the Trade and Cooperation Agreement provides for the tariff-free trade of medicinal products between the United Kingdom and the European Union there are additional non-tariff costs which did not exist prior to the end of the Transition Period. Further, should the United Kingdom further diverge from the European Union from a regulatory perspective in relation to medicinal products, tariffs could be put into place in the future. We could therefore, both now and in the future, face significant additional expenses (when compared to the position prior to the end of the Transition Period) to operate our business, which could significantly and materially harm or delay our ability to generate revenues or achieve profitability of our business. Any further changes in international trade, tariff and import/export regulations as a result of Brexit or otherwise may impose unexpected duty costs or other non-tariff barriers on us. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the European Union and the United Kingdom. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our operations, and those of our third-party manufacturers, CROs and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to disruptions resulting from earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, health epidemics or pandemics, wars and other geopolitical conflicts (including related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine), and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in San Diego, California, an area prone to wildfires and earthquakes. These and other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. Any disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, we rely on third-party manufacturers, some of whom are located in China, to manufacture API for FILSPARI and certain of our product candidates. Any disruption in production or inability of our manufacturers in China to produce or ship adequate quantities to meet our needs, whether as a result of a natural disaster or other causes (such as staffing shortages, COVID-19 or other health epidemic or pandemic), could impair our ability to meet commercial demand for FILSPARI, to operate our business on a day-to-day basis and to continue our research and development of our product candidates. In addition, we are exposed to the possibility of product supply disruption and increased costs in the event of changes in the policies of the United States or Chinese governments (such as tariffs on chemical intermediates we use that are manufactured in China), political unrest or unstable economic conditions in China. Any recall of the manufacturing lots or similar action regarding our API used in clinical trials could delay the trials or detract from the integrity of the trial data and its potential use in future regulatory filings. In addition, manufacturing interruptions or failure to comply with regulatory requirements by any of these manufacturers could significantly delay clinical development of potential products and reduce third-party or clinical researcher interest and support of proposed trials. These interruptions or failures could also impede commercialization of our product candidates and impair our competitive position. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, and our financial controls and procedures may not in the future be sufficient to ensure timely and reliable reporting of financial information, which could, if not remediated, result in a material misstatement in our financial statements and could adversely affect our future results of operations and our stock price. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 As disclosed under Item 9A of this Annual Report, there was a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because we did not design effective controls and procedures to evaluate the accounting for a certain pre-launch inventory contract affecting the timing of recognition of research and development expense. 
 As a result of the material weakness, we are adding controls to ensure timely accounting evaluation of research and development expense recognition of certain pre-launch inventory. However, if we are unable to remediate this material weakness, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses and negatively impact the price of our common stock. In addition, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 
 Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer as a result of the current material weakness or any future material weakness in our internal controls, and this could cause a decline in the market price of our stock. Any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our stated operating results, result in an adverse opinion on our internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm, and harm our reputation. 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness and Investments 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 385 million of total debt outstanding, classified as long term. As a result of our indebtedness, a portion of our cash flow will be required to pay interest and principal on the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes if the notes are not converted to shares of common stock prior to maturity. We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or have future borrowings available to enable us to repay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. 
 Our indebtedness pursuant to the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes could have important consequences. For example, it could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to any other debt we may incur in the future; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness and related interest, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 increase our cost of borrowing; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may have less debt; and 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes. 
 We expect to use cash flow from operations and outside financings to meet our current and future financial obligations, including funding our operations, debt service and capital expenditures. Our ability to make these payments depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which we cannot control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, which could result in our being unable to repay indebtedness, or to fund other liquidity needs. If we do not generate sufficient cash from operations, we may be forced to reduce or delay our business activities and capital expenditures, sell assets, obtain additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, including the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes, on or before maturity. We cannot make any assurances that we will be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, the terms of existing or future indebtedness may limit our ability to pursue any of these alternatives. In addition, we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt, including the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes, through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved in any such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. Further, any such purchases or exchanges may result in us acquiring and retiring a substantial amount of such indebtedness, which could impact the trading liquidity of such indebtedness. 
 We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion, and our future indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. 
 Noteholders may require us to repurchase their 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, upon conversion, we would satisfy part or all of our conversion obligation in cash unless we elected to settle conversions solely in shares of our common stock. 
 We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our future indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes. Our failure to repurchase the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes when required will constitute a default under the base and supplemental indentures that govern the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes, which we refer to collectively as the indenture. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes. 
 A default under the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 If an event of default under the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes occurs, the principal amount of the 2025 Notes or the 2029 Notes, as applicable, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any) may be declared immediately due and payable, subject to certain conditions set forth in the indenture governing such notes. Events of default include, but are not limited to: 
 failure to pay (for more than 30 days) interest when due; 
 failure to pay principal when due; 
 failure to deliver shares of common stock upon conversion of a 2025 Note or 2029 Note; 
 failure to provide notice of a fundamental change; 
 acceleration on our other indebtedness in excess of 10 million (other than indebtedness that is non-recourse to us); or 
 certain types of bankruptcy or insolvency involving us. 
 Accordingly, the occurrence of a default under the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes, unless cured or waived, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Provisions of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party. 
 Certain provisions of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. Upon the occurrence of certain transactions constituting a fundamental change, holders of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all of their 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes or any portion of the principal amount of such Notes in integral multiples of 1,000. We may also be required to increase the conversion rate for conversions in connection with certain fundamental changes. 
 Conversion of the Notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes. 
 To the extent we issue shares of common stock upon conversion of the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes, the conversion of some or all of the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market of shares of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of shares of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes could depress the price of shares of our common stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Unstable market, economic and geopolitical conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 The global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including as a result of inflation and rising interest rates, COVID-19, Russia's invasion of Ukraine and global geopolitical tension, and may experience disruptions in the future. These disruptions can result in severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, increase in inflation, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment, higher inflation, or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our operations, growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive an economic downturn or rising inflation, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 Other international and geopolitical events could also have a serious adverse impact on our business. For instance, in February 2022, Russia initiated military action against Ukraine. In response, the United States and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions and trade actions against Russia and could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory actions. While we cannot predict the broader consequences, the conflict and retaliatory and counter-retaliatory actions could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, inflation, regional economies, and the global economy, which in turn may increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, impair our ability to raise or access additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease the following locations to conduct our business: Location Address Lease Expiration Square Feet San Diego, California 3611 Valley Centre Drive, Suite 300 August 31, 2028 149,123 Dublin, Ireland 3 Mount Street Crescent, 2nd Floor September 30, 2027 1,960 
 We believe these facilities are adequate to conduct our business. 
 For additional information regarding our lease agreements, see Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Legal Proceedings paragraph of Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed for quotation on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol TVTX and is part of the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index (Nasdaq: NBI). 
 As of February 21, 2023, the last reported sale price of our Common Stock as reported by the Nasdaq was 21.30. 
 As of February 21, 2023, we had approximately 174 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation by reference language in such filing. 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market and is a component of both the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. The total return for our common stock and for each index assumes the reinvestment of dividends, although dividends have never been declared on our common stock, and is based on the returns of the component companies weighted according to their capitalizations as of the end of each monthly period. The Nasdaq-Composite tracks the aggregate price performance of equity securities of companies traded on the Nasdaq National Market. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index contains securities and tracks the aggregate price performance of equity securities of Nasdaq-listed companies classified according to the Industry Classification Benchmark as either Biotechnology or Pharmaceuticals which also meet other eligibility criteria. The comparisons shown in the graph are based upon historical data and we caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph is not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our stock. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends 
 Since inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business, our Board of Directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. Payment of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements and other factors which our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for 2022 as compared to 2021 are discussed below, and should be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto. For a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 as compared to 2020, except as set forth below, please refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 202 1 Annual Report on Form 10-K , which discussion is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in San Diego, California, focused on identifying, developing and delivering life-changing therapies to people living with rare kidney, liver, and metabolic diseases. Our approach centers on advancing our innovative pipeline with multiple late-stage clinical programs targeting rare diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Upon approval of any of our late-stage programs, we intend to leverage the skills of our talented commercial organization which has successfully identified, supported and treated patients prescribed our approved products over the last nine years. 
 
 FILSPARI (sparsentan) 
 On February 17, 2023, the FDA granted accelerated approval of FILSPARI (sparsentan) to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally at UPCR 1.5 gram/gram. We expect FILSPARI to be available beginning the week of February 27, 2023, and will be providing a comprehensive patient support program throughout the patient s treatment journey. 
 This indication is granted under accelerated approval based on reduction in proteinuria. It has not been established whether FILSPARI slows kidney function decline in patients with IgAN. The continued approval of FILSPARI may be contingent upon confirmation of a clinical benefit in the ongoing Phase 3 PROTECT Study, which is designed to demonstrate whether FILSPARI slows kidney function decline. Topline results from the two-year confirmatory endpoints in the PROTECT Study are expected in the fourth quarter of 2023 and are intended to support traditional approval of FILSPARI. 
 FILSPARI, a once-daily, oral medication is designed to selectively target two critical pathways in the disease progression of IgAN (endothelin 1 and angiotensin-II) and is the first and only non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for the treatment of this condition. 
 FILSPARI (sparsentan) is a dual endothelin angiotensin receptor antagonist (DEARA). Pre-clinical data have shown that blockade of both endothelin type A and angiotensin II type 1 pathways in forms of rare chronic kidney disease, reduces proteinuria, protects podocytes and prevents glomerulosclerosis and mesangial cell proliferation. Sparsentan has been granted Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of IgAN in the U.S. and Europe. We expect that FILSPARI will be granted seven years of Orphan Drug Exclusivity for proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression. 
 IgAN is characterized by hematuria, proteinuria, and variable rates of progressive renal failure. With an estimated prevalence of up to 150,000 people in the United States and greater numbers in Europe and Asia, IgAN is the most common primary glomerular disease. Most patients are diagnosed between the ages of 16 and 35, with up to 40 progressing to end stage kidney disease within 15 years. FILSPARI is the first and only non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for this condition. At launch, we expect approximately 30,000 to 50,000 patients in the United States to be addressable under FILSPARI's accelerated approval indication statement. 
 The approval of FILSPARI, granted under the FDA s accelerated approval pathway, is based on clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in proteinuria compared to an active comparator in the pivotal and ongoing Phase 3 PROTECT Study, the largest head-to-head interventional study to date in IgAN. It is a global, randomized, multicenter, double-blind, parallel-arm, active-controlled clinical trial evaluating the 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 safety and efficacy of 400mg of sparsentan, compared to 300mg of irbesartan, in 404 patients ages 18 years and up with IgAN and persistent proteinuria despite available ACE or ARB therapy. 
 The PROTECT Study protocol provided for an unblinded analysis of at least 280 patients to be performed after 36 weeks of treatment to evaluate the primary efficacy endpoint - the change in proteinuria (UPCR) at week 36 from baseline. Secondary efficacy endpoints include the rate of change in eGFR following the initiation of randomized treatment over 58-week and 110-week periods, as well as the rate of change in eGFR over 52-week and 104-week periods following the first six weeks of randomized treatment in approximately 380 patients. In August 2021, we announced positive topline interim results from the ongoing Phase 3 PROTECT Study. The PROTECT Study met its pre-specified interim primary efficacy endpoint with statistical significance. After 36 weeks of treatment, patients receiving FILSPARI achieved a mean reduction in proteinuria from baseline of 49.8 percent, compared to a mean reduction in proteinuria from baseline of 15.1 percent for irbesartan-treated patients (p 40 reduction in UPCR from baseline, at week 36. In February 2021, we announced that the ongoing Phase 3 DUPLEX Study achieved its pre-specified interim FSGS partial remission of proteinuria endpoint following the 36-week interim period. After 36 weeks of treatment, 42.0 percent of patients receiving sparsentan achieved FPRE, compared to 26.0 percent of irbesartan-treated patients (p=0.0094). A preliminary review of the results from the interim analysis suggests that, as of the data cut-off, sparsentan has been generally well-tolerated and the overall safety results have been generally comparable between treatment groups. The confirmatory primary endpoint of the DUPLEX Study to support traditional regulatory approval is the rate of change in eGFR over 108 weeks of treatment. As of the time of the interim analyses, available long-term eGFR data for the confirmatory endpoint were limited. Consistent with the DUPLEX Study protocol, patients will continue in a blinded manner to assess the treatment effect on eGFR slope over 108 weeks in the confirmatory endpoint analysis. The DUPLEX Study is fully enrolled and topline results from the confirmatory endpoint are expected in the second quarter of 2023. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 In May 2021, we provided a regulatory update regarding the sparsentan FSGS program, including feedback from the FDA that additional data would be needed to potentially support a submission for accelerated approval under subpart H. We and the FDA subsequently aligned on a plan for us to provide the FDA with additional eGFR data from a 2022 data-cut to potentially support a submission for accelerated approval for FSGS. We provided the FDA with such additional eGFR data from the ongoing DUPLEX Study in the first half of 2022 and held a subsequent Type A meeting with the FDA to discuss the data and the potential for a submission for accelerated approval. Following review of the data, the FDA has communicated that it does not deem such data sufficiently supportive for an accelerated approval submission, but indicated that the DUPLEX Study as designed maintains the potential for traditional approval pending completion of the study. We are planning to continue the study to completion which is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023, and if the data are supportive, file for traditional approval in the second half of 2023. 
 Pending completion of the DUPLEX Study and data supportive of approval, we and CSL Vifor are targeting to submit by the end of 2023 a subsequent variation of sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS in Europe. If sparsentan receives marketing authorization in any of the licensed territories, CSL Vifor will be responsible for all commercialization activities in such licensed territories. We remain responsible for the clinical development of sparsentan and will retain all rights to sparsentan in the United States and rest of world outside of the licensed territories, provided that CSL Vifor has a right of negotiation to expand the licensed territories into Canada, China, Brazil and/or Mexico. 
 Pegtibatinase (TVT-058) 
 Pegtibatinase (TVT-058) is a novel investigational human enzyme replacement candidate being evaluated for the treatment of classical homocystinuria (HCU). Classical HCU is a rare metabolic disorder characterized by elevated levels of plasma homocysteine that can lead to vision, skeletal, circulatory and central nervous system complications. It is estimated that there are at least 3,500 people living with HCU in the United States with similar numbers in Europe. Pegtibatinase has been granted Rare Pediatric Disease, Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations by the FDA, as well as orphan drug designation in the United States and European Union. Pegtibatinase is currently being evaluated in the Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study, a double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled dose escalation study to assess its safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and clinical effects in patients with classical HCU. 
 In December 2021, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study. Pegtibatinase demonstrated dose-dependent reductions in total homocysteine (tHcy) during the 12 weeks of treatment, and in the highest dose cohort to date evaluating 1.5mg/kg of pegtibatinase twice weekly (BIW), treatment with pegtibatinase resulted in rapid and sustained reductions in total homocysteine (tHcy) through 12 weeks of treatment, including a 55.1 mean relative reduction in tHcy from baseline as well as maintenance of tHcy below a clinically meaningful threshold of 100 mol. Additionally, in a dose-dependent manner in the study to date, methionine levels were substantially reduced and cystathionine levels were substantially elevated following treatment with pegtibatinase, suggesting that pegtibatinase acts in a manner similar to the native CBS enzyme. To date in the study, pegtibatinase has been generally well-tolerated , with no discontinuations due to treatment-related adverse events. 
 Following positive results from the first five cohorts of the ongoing Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study, we are evaluating pegtibatinase in a final cohort in the COMPOSE Study to further inform our pivotal development program to ultimately support potential approval of pegtibatinase for the treatment of HCU. The additional cohort was initiated to inform and refine formulation work for future development and commercial purposes and to further evaluate the dose response curve for pegtibatinase. In the fourth quarter of 2022, enrollment completed in the sixth and final cohort of the ongoing Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study. We anticipate reporting additional data from COMPOSE in mid-2023. In parallel with completing the final cohort in the COMPOSE Study, we are preparing for the potential initiation of a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of pegtibatinase in patients with HCU in the second half of 2023, subject to communications and feedback from the FDA and associated program assessments. 
 We acquired pegtibatinase as part of the November 2020 acquisition of Orphan Technologies Limited. 
 Chenodal 
 Chenodal (chenodeoxycholic acid or CDCA) is a naturally occurring bile acid that is approved for the treatment of people with radiolucent stones in the gallbladder. While indicated for radiolucent stones in the gallbladder, Chenodal has been recognized as the standard of care for cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) for more than three decades, although it is not currently labeled for this indication. CTX is a rare, progressive and underdiagnosed bile acid synthesis disorder affecting many parts of the body. In September 2022, we were granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the investigation of Chenodal for CTX. In January 2020, we randomized the first patients in our Phase 3 RESTORE Study to evaluate the effects of Chenodal in adult and pediatric patients with CTX, and the study enrollment remains open. The pivotal study is intended to support an NDA submission for marketing authorization of Chenodal for CTX in the United States. During 2023, we expect to complete the ongoing Phase 3 RESTORE Study in CTX. Pending supportive data, we anticipate being in position to subsequently submit an NDA for a CTX indication. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 Preclinical Programs: 
 We are a participant in a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA), which forms a multi-stakeholder approach to pool resources with leading experts, and incorporate the patient perspective early in the therapeutic identification and development process. We are partnering with the National Institutes of Health s National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS) and a leading patient advocacy organization, Alagille Syndrome Alliance, aimed at the identification of potential small molecule therapeutics for Alagille syndrome (ALGS). There are no treatment options currently approved for ALGS. 
 We are party to a collaboration agreement with PharmaKrysto Limited and their early-stage cystinuria discovery program, whereby we are responsible for funding all research and development expenses for the pre-clinical activities associated with the cystinuria program. 
 Other Commercial Products: 
 Thiola and Thiola EC (tiopronin) 
 Thiola and Thiola EC are approved by the FDA for the treatment of cystinuria, a rare genetic cystine transport disorder that causes high cystine levels in the urine and the formation of recurring kidney stones. Due to the larger stone size, cystine stones may be more difficult to pass, often requiring surgical procedures to remove. More than 80 percent of people with cystinuria develop their first stone by the age of 20. More than 25 percent will develop cystine stones by the age of 10. Recurring stone formation can cause loss of kidney function in addition to substantial pain and loss of productivity associated with renal colic and stone passage. While a portion of people living with the disease are able to manage symptoms through diet and fluid intake, the prevalence of cystinuria in the US is estimated to be 10,000 to 12,000, indicating that there may be as many as 4,000 to 5,000 affected individuals with cystinuria in the US that would be candidates for Thiola or Thiola EC. 
 In June 2019 we announced that the FDA approved 100 mg and 300 mg tablets of Thiola EC, an enteric-coated formulation of Thiola, to be used for the treatment of cystinuria. Thiola EC offers the potential for administration with or without food, and the ability to reduce the number of tablets necessary to manage cystinuria. Thiola EC became available to patients in July 2019. 
 In May 2021, a generic option for the 100 mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) became available and in June 2022, a second option for the 100 mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved. These generic versions of the original formulation of Thiola have impacted sales, and these or additional generic versions of either formulation could have a material adverse impact on sales. 
 Cholbam (cholic acid) 
 The FDA approved Cholbam (cholic acid capsules) in March 2015, the first FDA-approved treatment for pediatric and adult patients with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for adjunctive treatment of patients with peroxisome biogenesis disorder-Zellweger spectrum disorder. The effectiveness of Cholbam has been demonstrated in clinical trials for bile acid synthesis disorders and the adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders. An estimated 200 to 300 patients are current candidates for therapy. 
 Chenodal (chenodiol) 
 Chenodal is a synthetic oral form of chenodeoxycholic acid ("CDCA"), a naturally occurring primary bile acid synthesized from cholesterol in the liver. The FDA approved Chenodal for the treatment of people with radiolucent stones in the gallbladder. In 2010, Chenodal was granted orphan drug designation for the treatment of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis ("CTX"), a rare autosomal recessive lipid storage disease. We acquired Chenodal in March 2014. 
 While Chenodal is not labeled for CTX, it received a medical necessity determination in the US by the FDA and has been used as the standard of care for more than three decades. We are working to obtain FDA approval of Chenodal for the treatment of CTX and initiated a Phase 3 clinical trial for this indication in January 2020. The prevalence of CTX is estimated in the literature to be as high as 1 in 70,000 in the overall population. Pathogenesis of CTX involves deficiency of the enzyme 27-hydroxylase (encoded by the gene CYP27A1), a rate-limiting enzyme in the synthesis of primary bile acids, including CDCA, from cholesterol. The disruption of primary bile acid synthesis in CTX leads to toxic accumulation of cholesterol and cholestanol in most tissues. Patients may present with intractable diarrhea, premature cataracts, tendon xanthomas, atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular disease in childhood and adolescence. Neurological manifestations of the disease, including dementia and cognitive and cerebellar deficiencies, emerge during late adolescence and adulthood. The types, combinations and severity of symptoms can be different from person to person, and making diagnosis challenging and often delayed. Oral administration of CDCA has been shown to normalize primary bile acid synthesis in patients with CTX. 

64 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management makes certain judgments and uses certain estimates and assumptions when applying accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our experience and assumptions form the basis for our judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may vary from what we anticipate and different assumptions or estimates about the future could change our reported results. We believe the following accounting policies are the most critical to us, in that they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in the preparation of our Consolidated financial statements. For further information, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which outlines our application of significant accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("ASC 606"), the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect substantially all the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. 
 We recognize revenues from product sales when the customer obtains control of the product, which occurs upon delivery to our customer. We receive payments from our product sales based on terms that generally are within 30 days of delivery of product to the patient. 
 Revenues from product sales are recorded at the net sales price, which includes provisions resulting from discounts, rebates and co-pay assistance that are offered to its customers, health care providers, payers and other indirect customers relating to the sale of our products. In order to determine the transaction price, we estimate, utilizing the expected value method, the amount of variable consideration to which we will be entitled. These provisions are based on the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales and are classified as a reduction of accounts receivable (if the amount is payable to the customer) or as a current liability (if the amount is payable to a party other than a customer). Calculating these provisions involves estimates and judgements. Where appropriate, these reserves take into consideration our historical experience, current contractual and statutory requirements and specific known market events and trends. Overall, these reserves reflect our best estimates of the amount of consideration to which it is entitled based on the terms of the contract. If actual results in the future vary from the provisions, we will adjust the provision, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a net product revenue increase of 0.8 million, 0.4 million, and 0.4 million, respectively, related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 
 Payments received under collaboration and licensing agreements may include non-refundable fees at the inception of the arrangements, milestone payments for specific achievements and royalties on the sale of products. At the inception of arrangements that include milestone payments, we use judgement to evaluate whether the milestones are probable of being achieved and estimates the amount to include in the transaction price utilizing the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur, the estimated amount is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within our or the licensee s control, such as regulatory approvals, are considered to be constrained due to a high degree of uncertainty and are not included in the transaction price until such uncertainty is resolved. At the end of each reporting period, we re-evaluate the probability of achievement of development milestones and any related constraint and adjust the estimate of the overall transaction price, if necessary. As of December 31, 2022, our evaluation concluded that all such milestones associated with our collaboration and licensing agreements remained constrained and therefore no adjustment to the respective transaction price was necessary. We recognize aggregate sales-based milestones and royalty payments from product sales of which the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, at the later of when the related sales occur or when the performance obligation to which the sales-based milestone or royalty has been allocated has been satisfied. 
 We utilize significant judgement to develop estimates of the stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation based upon the relative stand-alone selling price. Variable consideration that relates specifically to our efforts to satisfy specific performance obligations is allocated entirely to those performance obligations. The stand-alone selling price for license-related performance obligations requires judgement in developing assumptions to project probability-weighted cash flows based upon estimates of forecasted revenues, clinical and regulatory timelines and discount rates. The stand-alone selling price for clinical development performance obligations is based on forecasted expected costs of satisfying a performance obligation plus an appropriate margin. In 2022, there were no new collaboration and licensing agreements with customers which required an estimate of the stand-alone selling price for an underlying performance obligation. 
 If the licenses to intellectual property are determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenues from non-refundable, upfront fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to benefit from the license. For licenses that are not distinct from other promises, we apply judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or a point in time and, if over time, the 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable, upfront fees. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the related revenue recognition accordingly. 
 The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. Revenue is recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. We generally utilize the cost-to-cost method of progress because it best measures the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. We use judgment to estimate the total costs expected to complete the clinical development performance obligations, which include subcontractor costs, labor, materials, other direct costs and an allocation of indirect costs. We evaluate these cost estimates and the progress each reporting period and adjust the measure of progress, if necessary. 
 Changes in assumptions where management utilizes significant judgement could have a material impact on the revenue we recognize. 
 Clinical Trial Expenses 
 We record expenses in connection with our clinical trials under contracts with contract research organizations ("CROs") that support conducting and managing clinical trials, as well as contract manufacturing organizations ("CMOs") for the manufacture of drug product supplies to support clinical development. The financial terms and activities of these agreements vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven expense levels. Generally, these agreements set forth activities that drive the recording of expenses such as start-up, initiation activities, enrollment, treatment of patients, or the completion of other clinical trial activities, and in the case of CMOs, costs associated with the production of drug product supplied and the procurement of raw materials to be consumed in the manufacturing process. 
 Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates of the progress of services performed, including actual level of patient enrollment, completion of patient studies and progress of the clinical trials or the delivery of goods. We currently have three Phase 3 clinical trials in process that are in varying stages of activity, with ongoing non-clinical support trials that are significant and changes in estimates could have a material impact on expenses we recognize. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for share-based compensation arrangements in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards to be based on estimated fair values. We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to estimate the fair value of our stock options at the date of grant. The Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions to calculate the value of stock options. For restricted stock units, the value of the award is based on our stock price at the grant date. For performance-based restricted stock unit awards, the value of the award is based on our stock price at the grant date, with consideration given to the probability of the performance condition being achieved. We use historical data and other information to estimate the expected price volatility for stock option awards and the expected exercise activity for all awards. Expense is recognized over the vesting period for all awards and commences at the grant date for time-based awards and upon our determination that the achievement of such performance conditions is probable for performance-based awards. The valuation, including the assumptions, require significant judgment by management. 
 The following weighted average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes options pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options for the specified reporting periods: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Risk free rate 1.7 0.6 1.5 Expected volatility 50 59 64 Expected life (in years) 6.4 6.4 6.3 Expected dividend yield 
 Total non-cash stock-based compensation expense consisted of the following for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 39.2 million, 30.8 million and 23.6 million, respectively. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 We record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. On a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record increases or decreases from their fair value as an adjustment to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. In estimating the fair value of our contingent consideration, we use a Monte Carlo Simulation. Changes to contingent 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 consideration obligations can result from changes to discount rates, accretion of the liability due to the passage of time, changes in revenue forecasts and long-term growth rates. The determination of the contingent consideration liabilities requires significant judgments including the reasonableness of estimates and assumptions included in the forecasts of future net sales and the discount rates applied to such forecasts. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities. 
 We acquired two businesses, related to the Cholbam and Chenodal products, whose purchase price included potential future payments that are contingent on the achievement of certain milestones and percentages of future net sales derived from the products acquired. Discount rates used to determine the fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 Revenue Discount Payment Discount Cholbam Chenodal December 31, 2022 7.75 8.00 8.10 December 31, 2021 6.25 7.25 6.48 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we recognized a change in the fair value of contingent consideration of 15.0 million, 22.3 million, and 3.7 million, respectively. 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets subject to amortization 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization include certain license agreements and purchased technologies. Intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable and are also reviewed annually to determine whether any impairment is necessary. 
 We are subject to generic competition, and if additional generic versions of Thiola, any generic versions of Thiola EC, any generic versions of FILSPARI following the expiration of patent or regulatory exclusivity for the product, or generic versions of Cholbam or Chenodal or any of our current or future products, are approved, sales of that product likely would be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse impact on the recoverability of certain related intangible assets. Generic versions of the original formulation of Thiola have been approved and have impacted sales, and these or additional generic versions of either formulation could have a material adverse impact on sales. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 For further background on our net product sales and license and collaboration revenue, see Revenue Recognition under our Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 The following table provides information regarding revenue, including net product sales and license and collaboration revenue in thousands ): 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2021 2020 Change Bile acid products 102,558 95,654 6,904 95,654 89,438 6,216 Tiopronin products 97,970 115,122 (17,152) 115,122 108,883 6,239 Total net product sales 200,528 210,776 (10,248) 210,776 198,321 12,455 License and collaboration revenue 11,490 16,714 (5,224) 16,714 16,714 Total revenue 212,018 227,490 (15,472) 227,490 198,321 29,169 
 Net product sales 
 Net product sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 200.5 million, 210.8 million and 198.3 million, respectively, and consisted of sales of Chenodal and Cholbam ("Bile acid products") and Thiola ("Tiopronin products"). 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 The decrease in net product sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in Thiola net sales, partially offset by an increase in net sales of our bile acid products. The increase in sales of our bile acid products was driven organically, whereas the decrease in Thiola net sales was a result of generic competition. 
 License and collaboration revenue 
 The decrease in license and collaboration revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due to the recognition of 12.0 million in license revenue upon entering into the CSL Vifor License Agreement in September 2021, offset by an increase in collaboration revenue associated with the CSL Vifor License Agreement. Collaboration revenue, derived from the performance of clinical development activities and based upon the ratio of costs incurred to total estimated costs, increased by 6.8 million from 4.7 million in 2021 to 11.5 million in 2022, primarily due to a full year of performance in 2022 as compared to a partial year of performance in 2021. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following table provides information regarding operating expenses in thousands ): 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2021 2020 Change Cost of goods sold 7,592 6,784 808 6,784 6,126 658 Research and development 235,780 210,328 25,452 210,328 131,773 78,555 Selling, general and administrative 220,206 149,883 70,323 149,883 135,799 14,084 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 15,006 22,260 (7,254) 22,260 3,655 18,605 Acquired IPR D expense 97,131 (97,131) Total operating expenses 478,584 389,255 89,329 389,255 374,484 14,771 
 Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 478.6 million compared to 389.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 89.3 million. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold includes the cost of inventory sold, third party manufacturing and supply chain costs, product shipping and handling costs, and provisions for excess and obsolete inventory. 
 Cost of goods sold increased by 0.8 million due to increased sales quantities. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development costs include expenses related to sparsentan, pegtibatinase (TVT-058) and our other pipeline programs. We expense all research and development costs as they are incurred. Our research and development costs are comprised of salaries and bonuses, benefits, non-cash share-based compensation, license fees, milestones under license agreements, costs paid to third-party contractors to perform research, conduct clinical trials, and develop drug materials and delivery methods, and associated overhead expenses and facilities costs. We charge direct internal and external program costs to the respective development programs. We also incur indirect costs that are not allocated to specific programs because such costs benefit multiple development programs and allow us to increase our pharmaceutical development capabilities. These consist of internal shared resources related to the development and maintenance of systems and processes applicable to all of our programs. 
 We currently have one Phase 1/2 clinical trial and three Phase 3 clinical trials in process that are in varying stages of activity, with ongoing non-clinical support studies. As such, clinical trial expenses will vary depending on the all the factors set forth above and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. 
 We routinely engage vendors and service providers for scientific research, clinical trial, regulatory compliance, manufacturing and other consulting services. We also make grants to research and non-profit organizations to conduct research which may lead to new intellectual properties that we may subsequently license under separately negotiated license agreements. Such grants may be funded in lump sums or installments. 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The internal costs include personnel, facility costs, and discovery and research related activities associated with our pipeline. The external program costs reflect external costs attributable to our clinical development candidates and preclinical candidates selected for further development. Such expenses primarily include third-party contract costs relating to clinical trial activities, nonclinical studies and manufacturing. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 External service provider costs: Sparsentan 87,598 103,350 70,486 Pegtibatinase 42,100 27,823 1,962 General 30,465 18,786 15,433 Fosmetpantotenate (discontinued) (56) 1 (124) 1 (2,295) 1 Total external service provider costs 160,107 149,835 85,586 Internal personnel costs 75,673 60,493 46,187 Total research and development 235,780 210,328 131,773 
 1 Credit received in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Research and development costs increased by 25.5 million due to increases in clinical trial expenses, chemistry manufacturing and control costs, and related expenses associated with the advancement of our programs in development. Internal personnel costs to support all programs increased by 15.2 million, reflecting increased headcount along with rising labor costs. External service provider costs increased by 10.3 million, which included a 14.3 million increase in such costs for the development of pegtibatinase along with a 11.7 million increase in other general research and development costs, offset by a 15.8 million decrease in external service provider costs associated with the development of sparsentan as the program progresses through the development cycle. Certain costs associated with the production of inventory that could potentially be available to support the commercial launch of FILSPARI (sparsentan) have been recognized as research and development expense prior to regulatory approval. As of December 31, 2022, we have recognized approximately 7.5 million in research and development expenses related to the production of active pharmaceutical ingredient that could potentially support the commercial launch of FILSPARI. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of salaries and bonuses, benefits, non-cash share-based compensation, legal and other professional fees, rent, depreciation and amortization, travel, insurance, business development, sales and marketing programs, and other operating expenses. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 70.3 million due to increased headcount as a result of operational growth, including rising labor costs, and commercial launch preparations in anticipation of the U.S. launch of FILSPARI. Increases include combined employee compensation and stock compensation costs of 31.6 million, increases in commercial support expenses of 15.5 million and increases in various professional services expenses of 11.9 million. A combined increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of 7.2 million was primarily attributable to incremental increases in information technology expense, legal fees, travel expense, and depreciation and amortization. 
 Change in the valuation of contingent consideration 
 Fair value of contingent consideration decreased by 7.3 million due to increases in market driven discount rates, including increases in treasury rates and credit spreads. 
 Other Income/Expenses 
 Other income/expenses consists of interest income and expense, finance expense and miscellaneous other income/expenses. 
 The following table provides information regarding other income (expenses) in thousands ): 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2021 2020 Change Interest income 6,276 1,993 4,283 1,993 5,003 (3,010) Interest expense (11,275) (20,141) 8,866 (20,141) (19,050) (1,091) Other income, net 974 231 743 231 1,420 (1,189) Loss on extinguishment of debt (7,578) (7,578) Total other expense, net (11,603) (17,917) 6,314 (17,917) (12,627) (5,290) 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Total other expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 11.6 million compared to total other expense, net of 17.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represents a change of 6.3 million. The change was primarily due to loss on extinguishment of debt in connection with the partial repurchase in 2022 of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2025, offset by reduced interest expense due to adoption of ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity ("ASU 2020-06") as debt discount is no longer amortized. In 2021, we recognized 10.3 million in interest expense for the amortization of the debt discount in accordance with the previous accounting guidance. The increase in interest income was driven by the impact of increases in short-term interest rates on our interest-bearing security investments. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Provision) 
 The tax provision was 0.3 million for fiscal 2022 as compared to 0.4 million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of 0.1 million. 
 Inflation 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our salaries and fees paid to third-party contract service providers. Recent inflationary pressures have primarily impacted our operations through increased labor costs. While we continue to monitor the effects of macroeconomic factors, inflationary pressures have not affected our current outlook or business objectives. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have financed our operations through a combination of borrowings, sales of our equity securities, and revenues generated from our commercialized products, including Chenodal, Cholbam, Thiola and Thiola EC, along with proceeds from license and collaboration agreements. We have experienced significant growth in recent years in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations. We have expanded our sales and marketing, compliance and legal functions in addition to expansion of all functions to support a commercial organization, including by adding additional members to our sales force in anticipation of the commercialization of FILSPARI in the United States for the treatment of IgAN. We anticipate that our expenses will continue to increase as we expand our sales and marketing infrastructure to commercialize FILSPARI and our other current approved products and any other new products for which we may obtain regulatory approval, advance the research and development of sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN and FSGS, along with the research and development for additional product candidates including pegtibatinase (TVT-058), and expand operational, financial, and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support product development efforts and our obligations as a public company. 
 We believe that our available cash and short-term investments as of the date of this filing, together with anticipated cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to fund our anticipated level of operations beyond the next 12 months. We expect that our operating results will vary from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year depending upon various factors including revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses, particularly with respect to our clinical and preclinical development activities. Our ability to fund our operations in subsequent years will depend upon certain factors which are beyond our control and may require us to obtain additional debt or equity capital or refinance all or a portion of our debt, including the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes, on or before maturity. Though we generate revenues from product sales arrangements, we may incur significant operating losses over the next several years. Our ability to achieve profitable operations in the future will depend in large part upon completing development of products in our pipeline, obtaining regulatory approvals for these products and bringing these products to market, along with potential in-licensing of additional products approved by the FDA and selling and manufacturing these products. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had the following balances and financial performance in thousands ): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Revenue 212,018 227,490 Net loss (278,482) (180,091) Cash and cash equivalents 61,688 165,753 Marketable debt securities, at fair value 388,557 387,129 Accumulated deficit (1,014,223) (765,966) Stockholders' equity 42,851 302,112 Net working capital 344,274 458,739 Net working capital ratio 3.42 4.70 Current assets less current liabilities Current assets divided by current liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 61.7 million and available-for-sale marketable debt securities of 388.6 million. Substantial sources of funds over the past two fiscal years, as summarized further below, have included an upfront payment of 55.0 million in connection with a license agreement, net proceeds of 189.3 million from an underwritten public offering of our common stock, net proceeds of 55.2 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 million from the sale of our shares of common stock under an ATM facility, and net proceeds of 95.0 million from the issuance of debt after giving effect to the partial repurchase of our previously outstanding debt, along with collections from sales of our commercialized products. 
 Over the next 12 months, our expected financial obligations include, but are not limited to, funding our operations, operating lease payments, interest payments on our outstanding debt, royalties on sales of our existing commercialized products, research and development expenses pertaining to clinical and preclinical development activities across our pipeline, expenses associated with the potential launch of FILSPARI, including purchase commitments for manufactured product, and, if approved, related milestone payments. Additional sources of cash over this period include net revenues from sales of our products, the sale or maturity of investments in our portfolio of marketable debt securities, and certain earned and potential milestone payments associated with sparsentan in connection with our license and collaboration arrangement with CSL Vifor. 
 Beyond the next 12 months and over the foreseeable future, our known commitments and potential financial obligations will likely include ongoing operations funding, operating lease payments, interest payments on our outstanding debt, royalties on sales of our existing commercialized products, research and development expenses pertaining to clinical and preclinical development activities across our pipeline, milestone and royalty payments associated with FILSPARI, pegtibatinase (TVT-058), and other developmental programs based upon the achievement of certain agreement-specific criteria, along with sales-based royalties and the repayment of principal on the outstanding 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes upon their respective maturities. Potential sources of cash over this time horizon may include net revenues from sales of our existing products and, if commercialized, our pipeline products, licensing revenue, the sale or maturity of marketable debt securities in our investment portfolio, the refinancing of all or a portion of our debt, including the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes, on or before maturity, or the issuance of additional debt or equity. In addition, depending on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors, we may also from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt, including the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes, through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. In light of global and macroeconomic conditions, including rising interest rates and volatility in the capital markets, we may not be able to successfully conduct financing or refinancing activity on favorable terms or at all. 
 Collaboration and License Proceeds 
 License and Collaboration Agreement with CSL Vifor 
 On September 15, 2021, we entered into a License Agreement with CSL Vifor, pursuant to which we granted an exclusive license to CSL Vifor for the commercialization of sparsentan in the Licensed Territories. Under the terms of the License Agreement, we received an upfront payment of 55.0 million in September 2021, and will be eligible for up to 135.0 million in aggregate regulatory and market access related milestone payments and up to 655.0 million in aggregate sales-based milestone payments for a total potential value of up to 845.0 million. We are also entitled to receive tiered double-digit royalties of up to 40 percent of annual net sales of sparsentan in the Licensed Territories. 
 See Note 4 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Equity Offerings 
 2021 Underwritten Public Offering of Common Stock 
 In February 2021, we sold an aggregate of 7.5 million shares of our common stock in an underwritten public offering, at a price of 26.75 per share. The net proceeds to us from the offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were 189.3 million. 
 At-the-Market Equity Offering 
 In February 2020, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement ("ATM Agreement") with Jefferies LLC, as agent Jefferies ), pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time through Jefferies, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 100.0 million. Of the 100.0 million originally authorized for sale under the ATM Agreement, approximately 28.6 million were sold under our prior registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-227182). An additional 51.9 million were sold under our effective registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-259311), which included 20.1 million from the settlement of 701,600 shares under the ATM Agreement in the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate amount of 19.5 million remained eligible for sale under the ATM Agreement. 
 Authorized Shares of Common Stock 
 On May 14, 2021, in connection with our 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved, among other matters, a Certificate of Amendment Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance thereunder from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000. Effective May 18, 2021, the Certificate of Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Leases 
 Future Minimum Rental Commitments 
 We have future minimum rental commitments totaling 38.2 million arising from our operating leases. These commitments represent the aggregate base rent through August 2028. 
 See Note 18 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 Manufactured Product 
 Certain of the Company's contractual arrangements with contract manufacturing organizations ("CMOs") require binding forecasts or commitments to purchase minimum amounts for the manufacture of drug product supply, which may be material to the Company's financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, we have a commitment to purchase 36.3 million in active pharmaceutical ingredient to be delivered in 2023. 
 Royalties and Contingent Cash Payments 
 Ligand License Agreement 
 In 2012, we entered into an agreement with Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Ligand") for a worldwide sublicense to develop, manufacture and commercialize sparsentan (the Ligand License Agreement ). As consideration for the license, we are required to make substantial payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, totaling up to 114.1 million, including a 23.0 million milestone payment to Ligand (and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ("BMS")) that we plan to make in the first quarter of 2023, which was triggered upon the accelerated approval of FILSPARI in February 2023. Through December 31, 2022, we have made payments under this arrangement totaling 18.4 million. In addition, we are obligated to pay to Ligand (and BMS) an escalating annual royalty between 15 and 17 of net sales of FILSPARI and any other products containing sparsentan or related compounds. 
 The license agreement will continue until neither party has any further payment obligations under the agreement and is expected to continue for approximately 10 to 20 years from the effective date. Ligand may terminate the license agreement due to (i) our insolvency, (ii) our material uncured breach of the agreement, (iii) our failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize sparsentan as described above or (iv) certain other conditions. We may terminate the license agreement due to a material uncured breach of the agreement by Ligand. 
 See Note 9 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Thiola License Agreement 
 In 2014, we entered into a license agreement with Mission Pharmacal ("Mission"), pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing license to market, sell and commercialize Thiola (tiopronin) in the United States and Canada, and a non-exclusive license to use know-how relating to Thiola to the extent necessary to market Thiola. We paid Mission an up-front license fee of 3.0 million and during the term of the agreement will pay guaranteed minimum royalties during each calendar year the greater of 2.0 million or 20 of our net sales of Thiola in the United States and Canada. 
 In November 2017, we amended the license agreement to extend the term through May 2029. 
 In November 2018, the license agreement was amended to remove all territorial restrictions on our license rights. As consideration for the expanded territory we paid an up-front fee of 0.3 million and will pay guaranteed minimum royalties equaling the greater of 0.1 million or 20 of our Thiola net sales generated outside of the United States during each calendar year. 
 See Note 9 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition of Orphan Technologies Limited 
 In November 2020, we completed the acquisition of Orphan Technologies Limited Orphan ), including Orphan s rare metabolic disorder drug pegtibatinase. We acquired Orphan by purchasing all of its outstanding shares. In exchange for the shares, we made an upfront cash payment at closing of 90.0 million plus closing adjustments, net liabilities assumed, and transaction expenses of 1.2 million, 1.8 million, and 4.2 million, respectively. Under the Agreement, we also agreed to make contingent cash payments up to an aggregate of 427.0 million based on the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercialization events as set forth in the Agreement, as well as additional tiered mid-single digit royalty payments based upon future net sales of any pegtibatinase products in the US and Europe, subject to certain reductions as set forth in the Agreement, and a contingent payment in the event a pediatric rare disease voucher for any pegtibatinase product is granted. 
 See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Stock Purchase and Collaboration Agreement with PharmaKrysto 
 On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Collaboration Agreement with PharmaKrysto Limited PharmaKrysto ), a privately held pre-clinical stage company related to PharmaKrysto's early-stage cystinuria discovery program, and concurrently therewith entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with PharmaKrysto (together, the "Agreements"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreements, the Company paid PharmaKrysto's shareholders 0.6 million in cash to purchase 5 of the outstanding common shares of PharmaKrysto and 0.4 million to PharmaKrysto as a one-time signing fee. Under the Collaboration Agreement, the Company will fund all research and development expenses for the pre-clinical activities associated with the cystinuria program, which are estimated to be approximately 5.0 million. The Agreements require the Company to purchase an additional 5 of the outstanding common shares for 1.0 million upon the occurrence of a specified pre-clinical milestone, and grant an option to the Company to purchase the remaining outstanding shares of PharmaKrysto for 5.0 million upon the occurrence of a subsequent pre-clinical milestone prior to expiration of the option on March 8, 2025. If the Company elects to exercise the option, it would be required to perform commercially reasonable clinical diligence obligations. In addition, it would be required to make cash milestone payments totaling up to an aggregate 16.0 million upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones, plus tiered royalty payments of less than 4 on future net sales of a product, if approved. The Company has the right to terminate the Agreements and return the shares for a nominal price at any time upon 60 days' notice, subject to survival of contingent obligations, if any. 
 See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 Borrowings 
 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2029 
 On March 11, 2022, we completed a registered underwritten public offering of 316.3 million aggregate principal amount of 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 2029 Notes ). We issued the 2029 Notes under an indenture, dated as of September 10, 2018, as supplemented by the second supplemental indenture, dated as of March 11, 2022 (collectively, the 2029 Indenture ). The 2029 Notes will mature on March 1, 2029, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. The 2029 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of ours and bear interest at an annual rate of 2.25 , payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2022. The 2029 Notes do not contain any financial or operating covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the issuance of other indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by us. 
 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2025 
 On September 10, 2018, we completed a registered underwritten public offering of 276.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 ("2025 Notes"), and entered into a base indenture and supplemental indenture agreement ("2025 Indenture") with respect to the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes will mature on September 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. The 2025 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at an annual rate of 2.50 , payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2019. On March 11, 2022, coinciding with the issuance of the 2029 Notes, we completed our repurchase of 207.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2025 Notes for cash. After giving effect to the repurchase, the total remaining principal amount outstanding under the 2025 Notes as of December 31, 2022 was 68.9 million. The 2025 Notes do not contain any financial or operating covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the issuance of other indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by us. 
 See Note 7 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 Funding Requirements 
 We believe that our available cash and short-term investments as of the date of this filing will be sufficient to fund our anticipated level of operations beyond the next 12 months. We expect to use cash flows from operations and outside financings to meet our current and future financial obligations, including funding our operations, debt service and capital expenditures. Our ability to make these payments depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors, many of which we cannot control. Factors that may affect financing requirements include, but are not limited to: 
 the timing, progress, cost and results of our clinical trials, preclinical studies and other discovery and research and development activities; 
 the timing and outcome of, and costs involved in, seeking and obtaining marketing approvals for our products, and in maintaining quality systems standards for our products; 
 the timing of, and costs involved in, commercial activities, including product marketing, sales and distribution; 
 our ability to successfully commercialize FILSPARI for IgAN and to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize, sparsentan for FSGS and our other or future product candidates; 
 increases or decreases in revenue from our marketed products, including decreases in revenue resulting from generic entrants or health epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19; 
 debt service obligations on the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes; 
 the number and development requirements of other product candidates that we pursue; 
 our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of our products to meet expected demand; 
 the costs of preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights, litigation costs and the results of litigation; 
 our ability to enter into collaboration, licensing or distribution arrangements and the terms and timing of these arrangements; 
 the potential need to expand our business, resulting in additional payroll and other overhead expenses; 
 the potential in-licensing of other products or technologies; 
 the emergence of competing technologies or other adverse market or technological developments; and 
 the impacts of inflation and resulting cost increases. 
 Future capital requirements will also depend on the extent to which we acquire or invest in additional complementary businesses, products and technologies. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods set forth below in thousands ): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (186,291) (14,792) (42,743) Net cash used in investing activities (32,553) (137,623) (61,327) Net cash provided by financing activities 117,573 231,683 127,713 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (2,794) 1,713 (1,307) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (104,065) 80,981 22,336 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 165,753 84,772 62,436 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 61,688 165,753 84,772 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Management considers marketable debt securities to be available to fund current operations, and they are classified as available for sale and included within current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Therefore, cash and short-term investments available to fund operations is 450.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Operating activities used 186.3 million of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 14.8 million of cash used for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used was primarily attributable to increased research and development and sales, general and administrative expenses, driven largely by the advancement of our programs in development and operational growth, including increases in clinical trial expenses, chemistry and manufacturing control costs, employee-related costs, commercial support expenses, and various professional expenses. The receipt of the 55.0 million upfront payment in September 2021 in connection with the CSL Vifor License Agreement also contributed to the change. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 32.6 million compared to cash used of 137.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used was due to the decrease in net purchases of marketable debt securities attributable to the investment in such securities of funds received in the February 2021 underwritten public offering of common stock. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 117.6 million compared to cash provided of 231.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash provided was primarily due to the February 2021 issuance of stock through an underwritten public offering that provided 189.3 million, offset by net proceeds of 95.0 million from the March 2022 issuance of the 2029 Notes and repurchase of the 2025 Notes. Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the ATM Agreement also decreased by 16.1 million. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our primary exposure to market risk is related to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash equivalents and marketable debt securities of approximately 450.2 million, consisting of money market funds, U.S. government agency debt, corporate debt and commercial paper. This exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because our investments are in short-term debt securities. Our marketable debt securities are subject to interest rate risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase. Due to the short-term duration of our investment portfolio and the low risk profile of our investments, a change in interest rates of 100 basis points would have approximately a 2.5 million impact on our investments. 
 The marketable debt securities held in our investment portfolio may subject us to credit risk, though our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment grade credit ratings and places restrictions on maturities and concentration by asset class and issuer. Given these policy restrictions and our emphasis on preserving capital and liquidity while enhancing overall returns, we have not experienced material credit-related losses with our securities holdings. 
 We are also exposed to market risk related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. From time to time, we contract with vendors that are located outside of the United States, which are denominated in foreign currencies. We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rated in connection with these agreements. We do not currently hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risk. 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our salaries and fees paid to third-party contract service providers. Recent inflationary pressures have primarily impacted our operations through increased labor costs. While we continue to monitor the effects of macroeconomic factors, inflationary pressures have not affected our current outlook or business objectives. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements and supplementary data of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. required by this Item are described in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are presented beginning on page F-1. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the timelines specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a 15(e) and 15d-15(e)), as of the end of the year covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. 
 Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, known as COSO, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the following material weakness: We did not design effective controls and procedures to evaluate the accounting for a certain pre-launch inventory contract affecting the timing of recognition of research and development expense. 
 BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. As a result of the material weakness described above, such report includes an adverse audit report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The material weakness described above did not result in a restatement of previously issued annual consolidated financial statements or condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Management is actively engaged in the planning for, and implementation of, remediation efforts to address the material weakness. The remediation plan includes adding controls to ensure timely accounting evaluation of research and development expense recognition of certain pre-launch inventory. The remediation actions will be monitored by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 San Diego, California 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria . 
 We do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on management s statements referring to any corrective actions taken by the Company after the date of management s assessment. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness regarding management s failure to design and maintain effective controls over the accounting for the timing of recognition of research and development expense for certain pre-launch inventory, has been identified and described in management s assessment. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated February 23, 2023 on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 February 23, 2023 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this item and not included below will be contained under the captions "Election of Directors" and "Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance", in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022 (the "Proxy Statement"). Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our Board of Directors consists of the following members: 
 Roy D. Baynes, M.D., Ph.D., has served as a director of the Company since June 2016. Since July 2022, Dr. Baynes has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Eikon Therapeutics, Inc., a privately-held biotechnology company. Prior to Eikon Therapeutics, Inc. he served as Senior Vice President and Head of Global Clinical Development at Merck Research Laboratories, the research division of Merck and Co., Inc., since December 2013 and as Chief Medical Officer of Merck and Co, Inc., a global healthcare company, since July 2016. Prior to his roles at Merck, Dr. Baynes served as Senior Vice President of Oncology, Inflammation and Respiratory Therapeutics at Gilead Sciences, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from January 2012 to December 2013. Prior to Gilead, Dr. Baynes held positions of increasing responsibility at Amgen Inc., a biotechnology company, from August 2002 to January 2012, including Vice President of Global Clinical Development and Therapeutic Area Head for Hematology/Oncology. Before joining Amgen, Dr. Baynes was the Charles Martin Professor of Cancer Research at the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute, a National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center, at Wayne State University. Dr. Baynes has authored more than 150 publications and is a member or fellow of several international medical societies. Dr. Baynes is on the Board of Directors of Natera, Inc., a genetic testing and diagnostics company, and previously served on the Board of Directors of Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., a T-cell immunotherapy company. Dr. Baynes received his medical degree and doctorate in philosophy from the University of the Witwatersrand in South Africa, and completed his medical training in the Department of Hematology and Oncology at Johannesburg Hospital. 
 Suzanne Bruhn, Ph.D., has served as a director of the Company since April 2020. Since May 2019, Dr. Bruhn has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Tiaki Therapeutics Inc., a biotechnology company. Dr. Bruhn served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Proclara Biosciences, Inc., a biotechnology company, from April 2017 to September 2018, and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Promedior, Inc., a biotechnology company, from May 2012 to November 2015. Currently, Dr. Bruhn serves on the Boards of Directors of Pliant Therapeutics, Inc., Vigil Neuroscience, Inc., and Mind Medicine (MindMed) Inc. Previously, Dr. Bruhn served as a member of the Board of Directors of Raptor Pharmaceuticals Corp., a pharmaceutical company, from April 2011 until it was acquired by Horizon Pharma plc in October 2016, as a member of the Board of Directors of Novelion Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from October 2017 to January 2020, as a member of the Board of Directors of Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc., a clinical stage biotechnology company, from February 2017 to August 2020, and on the Board of Directors of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Cerecor, Inc.), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of therapies within the fields of rare pediatric and orphan diseases from April 2020 to November 2021. Earlier in her career Dr. Bruhn served in roles of increasing responsibility at Shire Human Genetic Therapies (formerly Transkaryotic Therapies), including Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Program Management. Dr. Bruhn received her B.S. degree in Chemistry from Iowa State University and her Ph.D. in Chemistry from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
 Timothy Coughlin has served as a director of the Company since March 2015. Mr. Coughlin is the former Chief Financial Officer of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. ("Neurocrine"), a biopharmaceutical company that received FDA approval for INGREZZA (valbenazine) and ORILISSA (elagolix), both of which were discovered and developed during his tenure at Neurocrine from 2002 to 2018. Mr. Coughlin currently serves on the board of directors of Fate Therapeutics, Inc., and aTyr Pharma, Inc., both biotechnology companies, and previously served on the Board of Directors of Peloton Therapeutics, Inc. prior to its sale to Merck in 2019. Prior to joining Neurocrine, he was with Catholic Health Initiatives, a nationwide integrated healthcare delivery system, where he served as Vice President, Financial Services. Mr. Coughlin also served as a Senior Manager in the Health Sciences practice of Ernst Young LLP and its predecessors from 1989 to 1999. Mr. Coughlin holds a master's degree in international business from San Diego State University and a bachelor s degree in accounting from Temple University. Mr. Coughlin is a certified public accountant in both California and Pennsylvania. 
 Eric Dube, Ph.D. has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of our board of directors since January 2019. Previously, Dr. Dube served as the Head of North America of Viiv Healthcare Limited, a pharmaceuticals company, since January 2018. From June 2015 to December 2017, Dr. Dube served as Sr. Vice President and Head, Global Respiratory Franchise, of GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals plc GSK ), a pharmaceutical company. From February 2013 to May 2015, Dr. Dube served as Senior Vice President and Business Unit Head, Respiratory Japan of GSK. Earlier in his career, Dr. Dube held positions of increasing responsibility at GSK including senior leadership roles in Strategy, Planning Operations, Oncology, Managed Markets and Marketing. Dr. Dube currently serves on the Board of Directors for the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO), and for Reneo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapies for patients with rare genetic mitochondrial diseases. Previously, Dr. Dube served 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 on the Board of Trustees for AIDS United, and on the Board of Directors for Biocom California. Dr. Dube holds a B.S. from Santa Clara University and a M.A. and Ph.D. from Cornell University. 
 Gary Lyons has served as a director of the Company since October 2014 and Chair of the Company since May 2016. Previously, Mr. Lyons was the founding President and Chief Executive Officer of Neurocrine Biosciences from 1993 to 2008 and remains a member of its Board of Directors. Prior to joining Neurocrine, Mr. Lyons held a number of senior management positions at Genentech, Inc., including Vice President of Business Development and Vice President of Sales. Mr. Lyons currently serves on the Board of Directors of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on developing drugs for the treatment of inflammatory/autoimmune and metabolic diseases; Eledon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Novus Therapeutics, Inc.), a company focused on therapeutics for immune disorders; and Fresh Tracks Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly known as Brickell Biotech, Inc.), a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing prescription therapeutics for the treatment of autoimmune, inflammatory, and other debilitating diseases. Mr. Lyons is also a Senior Advisor for HealthCare Royalty Partners. Mr. Lyons holds a B.A. in Marine Biology from the University of New Hampshire and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University s J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management. 
 Jeffrey Meckler has served as a director of the Company since October 2014. Since August 2021, Mr. Meckler has served as Chief Executive Officer of Indaptus Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Intec Inc.), a biopharmaceutical company. From April 2017 to August 2021, Mr. Meckler served as Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of the Board of Intec Pharma, Ltd. He served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of CoCrystal Pharma, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, from April 2015 to July 2016, as a director of QLT, Inc., an ultra-orphan ophthalmic biotechnology company based in Canada, from June 2012 to November 2016, as well as the Managing Director of The Andra Group, a life sciences consulting firm. Previously, Mr. Meckler acted as a director of several biopharmaceutical companies and medical device companies. Earlier in his career, Mr. Meckler held a series of positions at Pfizer Inc. in Manufacturing Systems, Market Research, Business Development, Strategic Planning and Corporate Finance, which included playing a significant role in acquisitions and divestitures. Mr. Meckler is the past President and continues to serve on the board of Children of Bellevue, a non-profit organization focused on advocating and developing pediatric programs at Bellevue Hospital Center. Mr. Meckler holds a B.S. in Industrial Management and M.S. in Industrial Administration from Carnegie Mellon University. In addition, Mr. Meckler received a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law. 
 John A. Orwin has served as a director of the Company since March 2017. Since April 2018, Mr. Orwin has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Atreca, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From June 2013 through June 2017, Mr. Orwin served as Chief Executive Officer of Relypsa, Inc. and from June 2013 through March 2017 also served as President of Relypsa and served on its board of directors from June 2013 until Relypsa s acquisition by the Galenica Group in September 2016. Prior to Relypsa, Mr. Orwin served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Affymax, Inc., a biotechnology company, from April 2010 to January 2011, and as Affymax s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors from February 2011 to May 2013. Previously, Mr. Orwin served as Vice President and then Senior Vice President of the BioOncology Business Unit at Genentech, Inc. (now a member of the Roche Group), a biotechnology company, and served in various executive-level positions at Johnson Johnson, a life sciences company. Prior to such roles, Mr. Orwin held senior marketing and sales positions at various life sciences and pharmaceutical companies, including Alza Corporation (acquired by Johnson Johnson), Sangstat Medical Corporation (acquired by Genzyme), Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (merged with Sanofi-Aventis) and Schering-Plough Corporation (merged with Merck). Mr. Orwin currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Seagen Inc., a biotechnology company, and as the Chair of the Board of Directors of the privately-held biotechnology company CARGO Therapeutics (formerly Syncopation Life Sciences). Previously he served as a member of the board of directors of Relypsa and Affymax, served on the board of directors of NeurogesX, Inc., and on the board of directors of Array BioPharma Inc. from November 2012 until its acquisition by Pfizer in July of 2019. Mr. Orwin received a B.A. in Economics from Rutgers University and an M.B.A. from New York University. 
 Sandra Poole has served as a director of the Company since May 2019. Since July 2020, Ms. Poole has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Mythic Therapeutics, an early-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of novel antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) for cancer therapy. Prior to Mythic, Ms. Poole served as the Chief Operating Officer of LogicBio Therapeutics, Inc., a genome editing company from April 2018 to March 2019, and of Candel Therapeutics, a biotechnology company, from January 2020 to March 2020. Prior to LogicBio, Ms. Poole held executive roles of increasing responsibility at ImmunoGen, Inc., a company developing antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) to treat cancer, including serving as Senior Vice President of Technical Operations from September 2014 to July 2015, Executive Vice President, Technical Operations from July 2015 to October 2016 and Executive Vice President, Technical Operations and Commercial Development from October 2016 to January 2017. From February 2017 to March 2018 Ms. Poole served as managing director of S.E.P. Life Sciences Consulting LLL (formerly S. Poole Consulting LLC), a biopharmaceutical consulting company. Before joining ImmunoGen, Ms. Poole spent more than 15 years in global operations, manufacturing and development leadership positions at Genzyme (now Sanofi Genzyme). Previously, Ms. Poole served on the Supervisory Board for Valneva, SE a France based vaccine company, and on the Board of Directors of ViaCyte, a privately held biotechnology until its acquisition by Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated in July of 2022. Ms. Poole holds an M.A.Sc. and a B.A.Sc. in chemical engineering from the University of Waterloo (Canada). 
 Ron Squarer has served as a director of the Company since April 2017. Since March 2020, Mr. Squarer has served as Chair of the Board of Directors of ADC Therapeutics SA, a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, and since December 2019, has served for the Board of Directors of Deciphera Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Mr. Squarer has extensive commercial, development and executive leadership expertise from a greater than 25-year career in the pharmaceutical industry. Previously, Mr. Squarer served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Array BioPharma, Inc., an oncology focused biopharmaceutical company from April 2012 to July 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 2019, when Array BioPharma, Inc. was acquired by Pfizer, Inc. at a total enterprise value of approximately 11.4 billion. Prior to this, Mr. Squarer held positions of increasing responsibility with Hospira Inc., a global pharmaceutical and medical device company, most recently serving as Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer, where he was responsible for delivering 4 billion in annual revenue and leading more than 2,000 employees worldwide. Mr. Squarer joined Hospira from Mayne Pharma, an oncology-focused, global pharmaceutical company, where he served as Senior Vice President, Global Corporate and Business Development when Mayne was sold to Hospira for 2 billion in 2007. Prior to Mayne Pharma, Mr. Squarer held senior management roles at both Pfizer, Inc., focused on global oncology commercial development, and at SmithKline Beecham Pharmaceuticals (now GlaxoSmithKline) in the U.S. and Europe. Mr. Squarer holds an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University and a bachelor s degree in biochemistry from the University of California, Berkeley. 
 Ruth Williams-Brinkley has served as a director of the Company since September 2021. Since June 2020, Ms. Williams-Brinkley has served as President of the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of the Mid-Atlantic States, overseeing all of Kaiser Permanente s care delivery and health plan operations in Washington, D.C., suburban Maryland, Baltimore, and Northern Virginia. She joined Kaiser Permanente in 2017 as President of Kaiser Foundation Health Plan and Hospitals of the Northwest, in Portland, Oregon. Prior to joining Kaiser, Ms. Williams-Brinkley served as CEO of KentuckyOne Health, Kentucky s largest integrated health system from 2011 to 2017, as President and CEO of Carondelet Health Network in Tucson, Arizona, an affiliate of Ascension Health, from 2008 to 2011 and as President and CEO of Memorial Health Care System of Chattanooga, Tennessee, an affiliate of Catholic Health Initiatives, from 2002 to 2008. Currently Ms. Williams-Brinkley serves on the Board of Directors of University of Phoenix, and on the not for profit Boards of DePaul University in Chicago, Illinois, Connected DMV, United Way of the National Capital Area, and the Leverage Network which is an organization dedicated to promoting the advancement of Black executives on board and in senior leadership roles in all sectors of the healthcare industry. Previously, she served as a member of the Board of Directors of Results Physiotherapy, a private care delivery company until it was acquired by Upstream Rehabilitation in 2021 and Chattem, Inc. until it was acquired by Sanofi in 2009. Earlier in her career, Ms. Williams-Brinkley held various nursing staff and management roles of increasing responsibility. Ms. Williams-Brinkley received her B.S. and Master s of Science in Nursing from DePaul University and is a Fellow of the American College of Healthcare Executives. 
 In addition to Dr. Dube, our executive officers are as follows: 
 Christopher Cline has served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since August 2022. Mr. Cline brings more than 15 years of industry experience in investor relations, corporate communications, and financial strategy, planning and analysis to the chief financial officer position. Previously, Mr. Cline served as senior vice president, investor relations and corporate communications at the Company. Since joining the Company in 2014, Mr. Cline has been responsible for leading engagement with the investment community, as well as building a developed corporate communications infrastructure and strategy. Prior to the Company, Mr. Cline was a member of the global investor relations group at Elan Corporation, plc, and the financial planning and analysis group at Phase Forward. Mr. Cline is a CFA charter holder and holds a degree in finance from the Williams College of Business at Xavier University. 
 Peter Heerma has served as Chief Commercial Officer of the Company since October 2019. Previously, Mr. Heerma served as Global Product General Manager for oncology and cardiovascular products at Amgen Inc., a biotechnology company, from December 2015 to September 2019. From December 2003 until November 2015, Mr. Heerma held roles of increasing responsibility at Abbott Laboratories Abbott ), and following Abbott s spin-off of AbbVie, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, at AbbVie. These roles included Senior Director of Portfolio Strategy for hepatology and nephrology, Senior Director and Asset Team Lead for HCV, diabetic nephropathy, and neuroscience development projects (all AbbVie), Director of Commercial Strategy Renal Care, International Marketing Director, Business Unit Manager of hospital products, and Product Manager for obesity and cardiovascular products (all Abbott). Mr. Heerma holds a Master of Science in European business administration and business law from the Lund University in Sweden and a Bachelor of Science in retail management and marketing from Stenden University in the Netherlands. 
 Jula Inrig has served as Chief Medical Officer of the Company since January 2022. Previously, Dr. Inrig served as Global Head of the Renal Center of Excellence at IQVIA, a global provider of analytics, technology solutions, and clinical research services to the life sciences industry, from September 2017 to December 2021, where she helped develop the design, execution and strategy of clinical trials leading to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) approvals in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), and diabetic kidney disease. From August 2012 to March 2015 Dr. Inrig served as Medical Director, and then as Senior Medical Director from April 2015 to December 2021 and was responsible for the execution of numerous global clinical trials, including pivotal phase 3 trials in FSGS, IgAN and lupus nephritis. From March 2013 to January 2018 Dr. Inrig served on the board of directors for the Kidney Health Initiative, a public-private partnership with the FDA, working to improve the development of therapies for patients with kidney disease. Dr. Inrig has authored or co-authored over 50 peer-reviewed publications and editorials and is currently a member of several professional medical societies. Dr. Inrig is board certified in nephrology and internal medicine and has served on the faculty at the University of California, Irvine, and as an adjunct in the Department of Medicine at the Duke University School of Medicine. Dr. Inrig holds a B.A. from California State University, Sacramento, and received her M.D. from Loma Linda University and completed her internal medicine residency, her nephrology fellowship and Masters of Health Science at Duke University. 
 Elizabeth E. Reed has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company since January 2017. Previously, Ms. Reed served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Celladon Corporation, a publicly traded biotechnology company, from June 2014 to March 2016 and served as a legal consultant for companies in the life sciences industry from 2013 to June 2014 and again during 2016. From 2001 to 2012, Ms. Reed led the legal function at Anadys Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, including serving as Senior Vice President, Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary until Anadys acquisition by Roche. Prior to Anadys, Ms. Reed was an attorney with the law firms Cooley LLP and Brobeck, Phleger Harrison LLP. Ms. Reed is a member of the State Bar of California and 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 received her B.S. in Business Administration from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley and holds a J.D., cum laude, from Harvard Law School. 
 William E. Rote has served as Senior Vice President of Research Development of the Company since February 2017. Previously, Dr. Rote led clinical development at Ardea Biosciences, a wholly owned subsidiary of AstraZeneca, serving as Vice President, Clinical Development from September 2014 to July 2016. From 2003 to 2014, Dr. Rote held numerous positions of increasing responsibility at Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, including Vice President, Site Head for Research Development from September 2012 to July 2014, Vice President, Research Product Development from January 2010 to September 2012, and Vice President, Corporate Development, New Ventures, from 2007 to 2010, among others. Prior to Amylin, Dr. Rote served as Executive Director, Development of Corvas International, a biopharmaceutical company. He earned both his Ph.D. in Pharmacology and B.S. in Pre-Medicine from Pennsylvania State University, and received postdoctoral training from the University of Michigan. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to our directors and employees (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller), and have posted the text of the policy on our website (https://ir.travere.com/governance-documents). In addition, we intend to promptly disclose on our website in the future (i) the date and nature of any amendment (other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments) to the policy that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, and (ii) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the policy that is granted to one of these specified individuals that relates to one or more of the elements of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this item will be contained under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, Director Compensation Summary and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this item will be contained under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans in the Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this item will be contained under the caption Transaction With Related Persons and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by this item will be contained under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services in the Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The financial statements at page F-1 are incorporated by reference to a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (b) Exhibits: The exhibits to this report are listed in the exhibit index below. 
 Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Open Market Sales Agreement, dated February 24, 2020, by and between the Company and Jefferies LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2020). 
 2.1+ Asset Purchase Agreement dated January 10, 2015 by and between the Company and Asklepion Pharmaceuticals, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2015). 
 2.2+ Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 9, 2016 between the Company and Asklepion Pharmaceuticals, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2016). 
 2.3 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 21, 2020, by and among the Company, Orphan Technologies Limited and Citco Trustees (Cayman) Limited acting solely in its capacity as the sole trustee of The Fuhrer Family Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2020). 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10-12G, filed with the SEC on October 28, 2010). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2015). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2021). 
 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020). 
 3.6 Certificate of Amendment of Bylaws of the Company, effective June 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2021). 
 4.1 Reference is made to Exhibits to 3.1 , 3.2 , 3.3 , 3.4 , 3.5 and 3.6 . 
 4.2 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022) . 
 4.3 Base Indenture, dated September 10, 2018, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 10, 2018). 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated September 10, 2018, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 2.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 10, 2018). 
 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated March 11, 2022, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 2.25 Convertible Senior Note due 2029) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022). 
 10.1 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018). 
 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated January 4, 2019, by and between the Company and Eric M. Dube (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2019). 
 10.3 Employment Agreement, dated March 2, 2015, by and between the Company and Laura M. Clague (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2015). 
 10.4 Amendment to Employment Agreement, entered into as of April 11, 2017 and modifies the Employment Agreement dated March 2, 2015, by and between the Company and Laura M. Clague (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2017). 
 10.5 Retirement and Transition Agreement dated April 19, 2022, between the Company and Laura Clague (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2022). 
 10.6 Employment Agreement, effective September 1, 2022, between the Company and Christopher Cline (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on August 17, 2022). 
 10.7 Employment Agreement, dated February 13, 2017, and Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated April 11, 2017, by and between the Company and William Rote (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018) 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 10.8 Employment Agreement, dated February 6, 2017, and Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated April 11, 2017, by and between the Company and Elizabeth E. Reed (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018) 
 10.9 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2019, by and between the Company and Peter Heerma (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2020). 
 10.10 Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 10.11 The Company s 2022 Executive Officer Annual Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.12 The Company's 2023 Executive Officer Annual Bonus Plan. 
 10.13 The Company's 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2015). 
 10.14 The Company's 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2017). 
 10.15 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise for Inducement Grant Outside of 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company's current report on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2017). 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Inducement Grant Outside of 2015 Equity Incentive Plan(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company's current report on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2017). 
 10.17 The Company's 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2017). 
 10.18 The Company's 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022). 
 10.19 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Exercise Notice for use under the Company's 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.20 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for use under the Company's 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.21 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise for Inducement Grant Outside of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-232857), filed with the SEC on July 26, 2019). 
 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Inducement Grant Outside of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-232857), filed with the SEC on July 26, 2019). 
 10.23+ Sublicense Agreement, dated February 16, 2012, by and among Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, Pharmacopeia, Inc., a Delaware limited liability company, and the Company, a Delaware limited liability company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.24 Amendment No. 3 to Sublicense Agreement dated as of February 27, 2015, between the Company and Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.25 Amendment No. 4 to Sublicense Agreement dated as of September 17, 2015, between the Company and Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.26 Amendment No. 5 to Sublicense Agreement dated as of March 20, 2018, between the Company and Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018). 
 10.27 International Rights Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2014, by and between Manchester Pharmaceuticals LLC and Retrophin Therapeutics International, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2014). 
 10.28 Trademark License and Supply Agreement, dated May 29, 2014, by and between the Company and Mission Pharmacal Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2014). 
 10.29 First Amendment to Trademark License and Supply Agreement, effective as of July 28, 2014, by and between Mission Pharmacal Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 29, 2014). 
 10.30 Addendum to Trademark License and Supply Agreement, dated October 19, 2015, by and between to Company and Mission Pharmacal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 6, 2015). 
 10.31+ Third Amendment to Trademark License and Supply Agreement dated as of March 17, 2016, between the Company and Mission Pharmacal. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016). 
 10.32+ Amendment One to the Third Amendment to Trademark License and Supply Agreement, dated September 12, 2016, by and between the Company and Mission Pharmacal Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2016). 
 10.33+ Amendment Two to the Third Amendment to Trademark License and Supply Agreement, dated November 3, 2017, by and between the Company and Mission Pharmacal Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2018). 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 10.34 Fourth Amendment to Trademark License and Supply Agreement dated as of November 28, 2018, between the Company and Mission Pharmacal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2019). 
 10.35+ Fifth Amendment to Trademark License and Supply Agreement dated as of September 30, 2020, between the Company and Mission Pharmacal Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 5, 2020). 
 10.36 Master Manufacturing Supply Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, between the Company and STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited, a subsidiary of WuXi AppTec (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 5, 2020). 
 10.37 First Amendment to Master Manufacturing Supply Agreement, effective as of November 14, 2022, between the Company and STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited, a subsidiary of WuXi AppTec. 
 10.38 License and Collaboration Agreement, dated September 15, 2021, by and among Orphan Technologies and Vifor (International) Ltd., and, solely with respect to Article 15, the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2021). 
 10.39 Amendment No. 1 to the License and Collaboration Agreement, effective as of October 5, 2022, by and between Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (formerly known as Orphan Technologies Limited) and Vifor (International) Ltd. 
 10.40 Commercial Supply Agreement, dated December 21, 2021, between the Company and Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.41 Office Lease, effective April 12, 2019, between the Company and Kilroy Realty, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 6, 2019). 
 10.42 First Amendment to Office Lease, dated November 7, 2019, between the Company and Kilroy Realty, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020). 
 10.43 Third Amendment to Existing Office Lease and Second Amendment to Long Term Lease, dated May 29, 2020, between the Company and Kilroy Realty, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020). 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (see signature page hereto). 
 31.1 Chief Executive Officer's Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer's Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer s Certification pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer s Certification pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 + We have received confidential treatment of certain portions of this agreement, which have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to Rule 406 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC. Certain portions of this exhibit are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 23, 2023 Travere Therapeutics, Inc. By: /s/ Eric M. Dube Name: Eric M. Dube Title: Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric Dube and Christopher Cline, and each of them, as his attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with power of substitution in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that the attorney-in-fact or his substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Eric M. Dube Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Eric M. Dube February 23, 2023 /s/ Christopher Cline Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Christopher Cline February 23, 2023 /s/ Sandra Calvin Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Sandra Calvin February 23, 2023 /s/ Roy D. Baynes Director Roy D. Baynes February 23, 2023 /s/ Suzanne Bruhn Director Suzanne Bruhn February 23, 2023 /s/ Timothy Coughlin Director Timothy Coughlin February 23, 2023 /s/ Gary Lyons Director Gary Lyons February 23, 2023 /s/ Jeffrey A. Meckler Director Jeffrey A. Meckler February 23, 2023 /s/ John A. Orwin Director John A. Orwin February 23, 2023 /s/ Sandra E. Poole Director Sandra E. Poole February 23, 2023 /s/ Ron Squarer Director Ron Squarer February 23, 2023 /s/ Ruth Williams-Brinkley Director Ruth Williams-Brinkley February 23, 2023 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, San Diego, California, PCAOB ID# 
 F- 2 
 Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2 02 0 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 San Diego, California 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 2022, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options Subtopic 470-20 and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity Subtopic 815-40 ): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ). 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Business Combination-Related Contingent Consideration 
 As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company previously acquired two businesses, related to the Cholbam and Chenodal products, whose purchase price included potential future payments that are contingent on the achievement of certain milestones and percentages of future net sales derived from the products acquired. The Company recorded business combination-related contingent consideration liabilities at their fair value on the acquisition date and revalues them at the end of each reporting period. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 We have identified the determination of the fair value of business combination-related contingent consideration as a critical audit matter. The determination of the fair value of business combination-related contingent consideration liabilities requires management to make significant judgments including the assumptions used in the forecast of future net sales, the discount rates and the long-term growth rates. Changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on the fair value of the business combination-related contingent consideration. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the subjectivity, nature and extent of auditor effort required to address the matter, including the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of certain controls over the development of the significant judgment and assumptions used in the determination of fair value, including controls related to: (i) assumptions used in the forecast of future net sales, (ii) discount rates applied to the forecasts and (iii) the long-term growth rates. 
 Testing management s process for developing fair value estimates including testing the completeness, accuracy, relevance and reliability of underlying data and evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions within management s forecast of future net sales and long-term growth rates by comparing against the products historical and current performance, budgets, and market participant data. 
 Utilizing professionals with specialized skills and knowledge in valuation to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of certain assumptions used by management, including the discount rates by developing independent estimates and comparing estimates to those utilized by management. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities, at fair value Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right of use assets Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue, current portion Business combination-related contingent consideration, current portion Operating lease liabilities, current portion Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Convertible debt Deferred revenue, less current portion Business combination-related contingent consideration, less current portion Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 11) Stockholders' Equity: Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net product sales License and collaboration revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Cost of goods sold Research and development Selling, general and administrative Change in fair value of contingent consideration Acquired IPR D expense Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Other income (expenses), net: Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income, net Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) Loss before income tax (provision) benefit ) ) ) Income tax (provision) benefit ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per common share Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) ) Unrealized loss on defined benefit pension plan ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) Unrealized loss on marketable debt securities ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) Share based compensation Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan and proceeds from exercise Employee stock purchase program stock purchase and expense Equity offering, net of issuance costs of million 
 Issuance of common stock under At-The-Market offering, net of issuance costs of million. 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized loss on marketable debt securities ) ) Net loss ) ) BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Share based compensation Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan and proceeds from exercise Employee stock purchase program stock purchase and expense Equity offering, net of issuance costs of million 
 Issuance of common stock under At-The-Market offering, net of issuance costs of million. 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized loss on marketable debt securities ) ) Net loss ) ) BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Share based compensation Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan and proceeds from exercise Employee stock purchase program purchase and expense Issuance of common stock under At-The-Market offering, net of issuance costs of million. 
 Unrealized loss on defined benefit pension plan ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized loss on marketable debt securities ) ) Net loss ) ) BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share based compensation Change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration Payments from change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on allowance for inventory Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Acquired IPR D expense Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Tax receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current and non-current assets ) ) ) Change in lease assets and liabilities, net ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Deferred revenue, current and non-current ) Other current and non-current liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Proceeds from the sale/maturity of marketable debt securities Purchase of marketable debt securities ) ) ) Purchase of fixed assets ) ) ) Purchase of intangible assets ) ) ) Purchase of IPR D, net of cash acquired ) Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Payment of guaranteed minimum royalty ) ) ) Payment of business combination-related contingent consideration ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of 2029 convertible senior notes Payment of debt issuance costs ) Repurchase of 2025 convertible senior notes including premium ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from the issuances under the employee stock purchase program Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in At-the-Market equity offering 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Operating cash flows used for operating leases Cash paid for interest Cash (paid) refunded for income taxes ) Non-cash investing and financing activities: Accrued capital expenditures Accrued royalty in excess of minimum payable to the sellers of Thiola 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 2. 
 
 See Note 5 for further discussion of variable interest entities VIE that the Company consolidates. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

million, million of which was previously recorded in fiscal year 2022 and million that was originally recorded in fiscal year 2021. The adjustment was the result of a certain pre-launch inventory contract that was not properly evaluated for accounting implications at inception. The Company evaluated the impact of the adjustment and concluded it is not material, individually and in the aggregate, to the current or any prior period financial statements. 
 Phase 1/2 clinical trial and Phase 3 clinical trials in process that are in varying stages of activity, with ongoing non-clinical support trials. As such, clinical trial expenses will vary depending on all the factors set forth above and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 years to years 
 Restricted Stock Units ---- to years 

at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, bad debt expense recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss was immaterial. The Company's evaluation and application of ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses for the current period included an assessment of our aged trade receivables balances and their underlying credit risk characteristics. Our evaluation of past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future resulted in an expectation of immaterial credit losses. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

The inventory reserve was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Finished goods Total inventory 
 Cost of goods sold includes the cost of inventory sold, third party manufacturing and supply chain costs, product shipping and handling costs, and provisions for excess and obsolete inventory. 
 million in research and development expenses related to the production of active pharmaceutical ingredient that could potentially support the commercial launch of FILSPARI. 
 operating segment focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for people with serious and life-threatening rare diseases and medical conditions. The Company is not organized by market and is managed and operated as one business. A single management team reports to the chief operating decision maker who comprehensively manages the entire business. The Company does not operate any separate lines of business or separate business entities with respect to its products. Accordingly, the Company does not accumulate discrete financial information with respect to separate products, other than revenues, and does not have separately reportable segments. 
 years Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements Shorter of length of lease or life of the asset 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 F-14 

Table of Contents 

segment and reporting unit and as such reviews goodwill for impairment at the consolidated level. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 there were impairments to goodwill. 
 There were impairments related to finite-lived intangible assets in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively. 
 The results and financial position of the Company that have a functional currency different from the US dollar are translated as follows: 
 a. assets and liabilities presented are translated at the closing exchange rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 b. income and expenses for the statements of operations and comprehensive loss are translated at average exchange rates that are relevant for the respective periods for which the income and expenses occurred; and 
 c. significant transactions use the exchange rate on the date of the transaction. 
 All resulting exchange differences arising from such translations are recognized directly in comprehensive income and presented as a separate component of equity.) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Balance at December 31, ) ) 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

 million, reduced additional paid-in capital by million, and reduced accumulated deficit by million. The Company has not adjusted prior period comparative information and will continue to disclose prior period financial information in accordance with the previous accounting guidance. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") or other standard setting bodies. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 and of net product sales, respectively, and rest of world representing less than of net product sales, based on the product shipment destination. 
 Revenues from product sales are recognized in satisfaction of a single performance obligation when the customer obtains control of the Company s product, which occurs upon delivery to the customer. Contracts do not contain significant financing components based on the typical period of time between performance of services and collection of consideration. 
 million, million, and million, respectively, related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 
 Government Rebates: The Company calculates the rebates that it will be obligated to provide to government programs and deducts these estimated amounts from its gross product sales at the time the revenues are recognized. Allowances for government rebates and discounts are established based on actual payer information, which is reasonably estimated at the time of delivery, and the government-mandated discounts applicable to government-funded programs. Rebate discounts are included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Commercial Rebates: The Company calculates the rebates it incurs due to contracts with certain commercial payers and deducts these amounts from its gross product sales at the time the revenues are recognized. Allowances for commercial rebates are established based on actual payer information, which is reasonably estimated at the time of delivery. Rebate discounts are included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 Tiopronin products Total net product sales 
 
 NOTE 4. 
 million and will be eligible for up to million in aggregate regulatory and market access related milestone payments and up to million in aggregate sales-based milestone payments for a total potential value of up to million. The Company is also entitled to receive tiered double-digit royalties of up to percent of annual net sales of sparsentan in the Licensed Territories. 
 Under the License Agreement, CSL Vifor will be responsible for all commercialization activities in the Licensed Territories. The Company remains responsible for the worldwide clinical development of sparsentan through regulatory approval as defined and will retain all rights to sparsentan in the United States and rest of world outside of the Licensed Territories. Development costs for any post regulatory approval development activities, subject to approval by both parties, will be borne by the Company and CSL Vifor as defined, respectively. The License Agreement will remain in effect, unless terminated earlier, until the expiration of all royalty terms for sparsentan in the licensed territories. Each party has the right to terminate the License Agreement for the other party s uncured material breach, insolvency or if the time required for performance under the License Agreement by the other party is extended due to a force majeure event that continues for or more. 
 The Company assessed the License Agreement and determined that it meets both criteria to be considered a collaborative agreement within the Scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements of active participation by both parties and exposures to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities. Both parties participate on joint steering and other committees overseeing the collaboration activities. Also, both parties are exposed to significant risks and rewards based on the economic outcomes of regulatory approvals and commercialization of sparsentan. 
 The Company determined the transaction price under the License Agreement totaled million, consisting of the fixed non-refundable upfront payment. The variable regulatory and access related milestones were excluded from the transaction price given the substantial uncertainty related to their achievement. Sales-based milestone payments and royalties on net sales were excluded from the transaction price and will be recognized at the later of when the related sales occur or when the performance obligation to which the sales-based milestone or royalty has been allocated have been satisfied. 
 The Company concluded that CSL Vifor represented a customer and applied relevant guidance from ASC 606 to evaluate the accounting under the License Agreement. In accordance with this guidance, the Company concluded that the promise to grant the license is distinct from the promise to provide clinical development services resulting in performance obligations. As a result, the Company allocated million of the transaction price, based on the performance obligations' relative standalone selling prices, to the license, which was recognized in full in 2021. The remaining million of the transaction price was allocated to the clinical development activities and recorded as deferred revenue, which will be recognized over the development period based upon the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs. 
 The Company recognized a total of million in license and collaboration revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, based upon the ratio of costs incurred to total estimated costs. The Company recognized a total of million in license and collaboration revenue for the year ended 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 million from the license and million from the clinical development activities, based upon the ratio of costs incurred to total estimated costs. 
 Deferred revenue related to the clinical development activities as of December 31, 2022 was million. Of this amount, million was classified as current as of December 31, 2022, based upon amount expected to be realized within the next year. The Company estimates that the remainder of the deferred revenue balance will be fully realized by mid-2025. 
 New consideration resulting in deferred revenue License revenue ) Collaboration revenue ) ) Foreign currency impact ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 In February 2021, the Company entered into a limited co-promotion agreement with Albireo Pharma, Inc. ("Albireo"), whereby the Company's Cholbam dedicated sales representatives devoted a portion of their efforts to promoting Albireo's product, Bylvay (odevixibat), in the United States following the July 2021 launch of the product. The initial term of the arrangement was from the July 2021 launch of Bylvay, terminable at will by either party after following launch. In June 2022, the Company and Albireo mutually agreed to terminate the co-promotion agreement upon the anniversary of the launch, with such termination effective July 20, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, offset against selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 million plus closing adjustments, net liabilities assumed, and transaction expenses of million, million, and million, respectively. Under the Agreement, the Company has also agreed to make contingent cash payments up to an aggregate of million based on the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercialization events as set forth in the Agreement, as well as additional tiered mid-single digit royalty payments based upon future net sales of any pegtibatinase products in the US and Europe, subject to certain reductions as set forth in the Agreement, and a contingent payment in the event a pediatric rare disease voucher for any pegtibatinase product is granted. 
 Substantially all of the value of the assets acquired was concentrated within pegtibatinase, and as of the acquisition date, the Company did not anticipate any economic benefit to be derived from pegtibatinase other than the primary indication. Accordingly, the transaction was treated as an asset acquisition with amounts charged to expense for the acquired in-process research and development on the date of acquisition. The Company incurred million in IPR D expense related to the Orphan acquisition, which was recognized in 2020. 
 In accordance with ASC 450, contingent cash payments will be accrued for when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. As of December 31, 2022, no contingent cash payments have been accrued. 
 Stock Purchase and Collaboration Agreement with PharmaKrysto 
 On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Collaboration Agreement with PharmaKrysto Limited PharmaKrysto ), a privately held pre-clinical stage company related to PharmaKrysto's early-stage cystinuria discovery program, and concurrently therewith entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with PharmaKrysto (together, the "Agreements"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreements, the Company paid PharmaKrysto's shareholders million in cash to purchase of the outstanding common shares of PharmaKrysto and million to PharmaKrysto as a one-time signing fee. Under the Collaboration Agreement, the Company will fund all research and development expenses for the pre-clinical activities associated with the cystinuria program, which are estimated to be approximately million. The Agreements require the Company to purchase an additional of the outstanding common shares for million upon the occurrence of a specified pre-clinical milestone, and grant an option to the Company to purchase the remaining outstanding shares of PharmaKrysto for million upon the occurrence of a subsequent pre-clinical milestone prior to expiration of the option on March 8, 2025. If the Company elects to exercise the option, it would be required to perform commercially 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 million upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones, plus tiered royalty payments of less than on future net sales of a product, if approved. The Company has the right to terminate the Agreements and return the shares for a nominal price at any time upon days notice, subject to survival of contingent obligations, if any. 
 The Company determined that PharmaKrysto is a VIE because it lacks the resources to conduct the cystinuria clinical program and the limitation on the residual returns through the Company's option to purchase the remaining outstanding shares. The Company further concluded that it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE due to the Company's ultimate control over the research and development program, and its obligation, subject to continuation of the collaboration, to fund of research and development costs of the program pursuant to the terms of the Collaboration Agreement. 
 The upfront payments were expensed to research and development and other income (expense), net upon initial consolidation. The Company consolidated other current assets and accrued liabilities of million as of December 31, 2022. The results of operations were not significant for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is not required to provide additional funding other than the contractually required amounts disclosed above. The creditors and beneficial holders of PharmaKrysto have no recourse to the general credit or assets of the Company. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 Corporate debt securities Securities of government-sponsored entities Total marketable debt securities 
 ) Corporate debt securities Less than 1 ) Securities of government-sponsored entities Less than 1 ) Total maturity less than 1 year ) Corporate debt securities 1 to 2 ) Securities of government-sponsored entities 1 to 2 ) Total maturity 1 to 2 years ) Total available-for-sale marketable debt securities ) 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 ) Corporate debt securities Less than 1 ) Securities of government-sponsored entities Less than 1 ) Total maturity less than 1 year ) Corporate debt securities 1 to 2 ) Securities of government-sponsored entities 1 to 2 ) Total maturity 1 to 2 years ) Total available-for-sale marketable debt securities ) 
 During 2022 and 2021, the Company had less than million in realized gains on marketable debt securities. The Company received proceeds from the sale or maturity of marketable debt securities of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had purchases of marketable debt securities of million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the accrued interest receivable related to the Company's marketable debt securities was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company reviews the available-for-sale marketable debt securities for declines in fair value below the cost basis each quarter. For any security whose fair value is below its amortized cost basis, the Company first evaluates whether it intends to sell the impaired security, or will otherwise be more likely than not required to sell the security before recovery. If either are true, the amortized cost basis of the security is written down to its fair value at the reporting date. If neither circumstance holds true, the Company assesses whether any portion of the unrealized loss is a result of a credit loss. Any amount deemed to be attributable to credit loss is recognized in the income statement, with the amount of the loss limited to the difference between fair value and amortized cost and recorded as an allowance for credit losses. The portion of the unrealized loss related to factors other than credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 Corporate debt securities Securities of government-sponsored entities Total 
 The following is a summary of available-for-sale marketable debt securities in an unrealized loss position with no credit losses reported as of December 31, 2021 in thousands ): 
 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Description of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Commercial paper Corporate debt securities Securities of government-sponsored entities Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the amortized cost of the available-for-sale marketable debt securities in an unrealized loss position was million and million, respectively. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 7. 
 convertible senior notes due 2029 
 convertible senior notes due 2025 
 Unamortized debt discount ) Unamortized debt issuance costs - convertible senior notes due 2029 
 ) Unamortized debt issuance costs - convertible senior notes due 2025 
 ) ) Total convertible senior notes, net of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs 
 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2029 
 On March 11, 2022, the Company completed a registered underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 2029 Notes ), which includes million aggregate principal amount of 2029 Notes sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional 2029 Notes. The Company issued the 2029 Notes under an indenture, dated as of September 10, 2018, as supplemented by the second supplemental indenture, dated as of March 11, 2022 (collectively, the 2029 Indenture ). The 2029 Notes will mature on March 1, 2029, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. The 2029 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2022. 
 The Company received net proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Notes of million, after deducting commissions and offering expenses of million. At December 31, 2022, accrued interest on the 2029 Notes of million is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The 2029 Notes comprise the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the 2029 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables. 
 Holders may convert their 2029 Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2022 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock for each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds of the conversion price on the applicable trading day; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period if the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 2029 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions of the Company s common stock; (4) if the Company calls the 2029 Notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, December 1, 2028 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election, based on the applicable conversion rate. The initial conversion rate for the 2029 Notes is 31.3740 shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2029 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share. If a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the 2029 Indenture) occurs, then the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a specified period of time. 
 The 2029 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after March 2, 2026 and, in the case of any partial redemption, on or before the 40th scheduled trading day before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date but only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price on (1) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of 2029 Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. In addition, calling any 2029 Note for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that 2029 Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that 2029 Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. If a fundamental change (as defined in the 2029 Indenture) occurs, then, except as described in the 2029 Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase their 2029 Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In the event of conversion, holders would forgo all future interest payments, any unpaid accrued interest and the possibility of further stock price appreciation. Upon the receipt of conversion requests, the settlement of the 2029 Notes will be paid pursuant to the terms of the 2029 Indenture. In the event that all of the 2029 Notes are converted, the Company would be required to repay the principal amount and any conversion premium in any combination of cash and shares of its common stock at the Company s option. In addition, calling the 2029 Notes for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change." 
 The Company incurred approximately million of debt issuance costs relating to the issuance of the 2029 Notes, which were recorded as a reduction to the 2029 Notes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The debt issuance costs are being amortized and recognized as additional interest expense over the expected life of the 2029 Notes using the effective interest method. We determined the expected life of the debt is equal to the term of the 2029 Notes. The effective interest rate on the 2029 Notes is . 
 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2025 
 On September 10, 2018, the Company completed a registered underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 ("2025 Notes"), and entered into a base indenture and supplemental indenture agreement ("2025 Indenture") with respect to the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes will mature on September 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. The 2025 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2019. 
 The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes were approximately million, after deducting commissions and the offering expenses of million payable by the Company. At December 31, 2022, accrued interest of million is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The 2025 Notes comprise the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the 2025 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables. 
 Holders may convert their 2025 Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2018 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock for each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds of the conversion price on the applicable trading day; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period measurement period if the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 2025 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; (4) if the Company calls the 2025 Notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, May 15, 2025 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election, based on the applicable conversion rate. 
 The initial conversion rate for the 2025 Notes is 25.7739 shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2025 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share. If a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the 2025 Indenture) occurs, then the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a specified period of time. 
 The 2025 Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after September 15, 2022 and, in the case of any partial redemption, on or before the 40th scheduled trading day before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price on each of at least trading days during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice. If a fundamental change (as defined in the 2025 Indenture) occurs, then, subject to certain exceptions, holders may require the Company to repurchase their 2025 Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In the event of conversion, holders would forgo all future interest payments, any unpaid accrued interest and the possibility of further stock price appreciation. Upon the receipt of conversion requests, the settlement of the 2025 Notes will be paid pursuant to the terms of the 2025 Indenture. In the event that all of the 2025 Notes are converted, the 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 million of debt issuance costs relating to the issuance of the 2025 Notes, which were recorded as a reduction to the 2025 Notes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The debt issuance costs are being amortized and recognized as additional interest expense over the expected life of the 2025 Notes using the effective interest method. The Company determined the expected life of the debt is equal to the term of the 2025 Notes. The effective interest rate on the 2025 Notes is . 
 On March 11, 2022, the Company completed its repurchase of million aggregate principal amount of 2025 Notes for cash, including accrued and unpaid interest, for a total of million. This transaction involved a contemporaneous exchange of cash between the Company and holders of the 2025 Notes participating in the issuance of the 2029 Notes. Accordingly, we evaluated the transaction for modification or extinguishment accounting in accordance with ASC 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments on a creditor-by creditor basis depending on whether the exchange was determined to have substantially different terms. The repurchase of the 2025 Notes and issuance of the 2029 Notes were deemed to have substantially different terms based on the present value of the cash flows or significant difference between the value of the conversion option immediately prior to and after the exchange. Therefore, the repurchase of the 2025 Notes was accounted for as a debt extinguishment. The Company recorded a million loss on extinguishment of debt on its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, which includes the write-off of related deferred financing costs of million. After giving effect to the repurchase, the total remaining principal amount outstanding under the 2025 Notes as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 The 2025 and 2029 Notes are accounted for in accordance with ASC 470-20, Debt with conversion and Other Options ASC 470-20 and ASC 815-40, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 ). Under ASC 815-40, to qualify for equity classification (or nonbifurcation, if embedded) the instrument (or embedded feature) must be both (1) indexed to the issuer s stock and (2) meet the requirements of equity classification guidance. Based upon the Company s analysis, it was determined that the 2025 Notes and the 2029 Notes do not contain embedded features requiring recognition as derivatives and bifurcation, and therefore are measured at amortized cost and recorded as liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The 2025 and 2029 Notes do not contain any financial or operating covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the issuance of other indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company. There were no events of default for the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes at December 31, 2022. 
 The 2025 and 2029 Notes are classified on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 as long-tern convertible debt. 
 Interest Expense 
 Amortization of debt discount Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense for the 2025 and 2029 Notes 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 Financial instruments with carrying values approximating fair value include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable, due to their short-term nature. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Company's Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company's Convertible Senior Notes due 2029, which were issued in 2022, was million. The fair values were estimated utilizing market quotations, and are considered Level 2. 
 Marketable debt securities, available-for-sale Total Liabilities: Business combination-related contingent consideration Total 
 The following table presents the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured and recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2021 Fair Value Hierarchy at December 31, 2021 Total carrying and estimated fair value Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable debt securities, available-for-sale Total Liabilities: Business combination-related contingent consideration Total 
 The Company acquired businesses, related to the Cholbam and Chenodal products, whose purchase price included potential future payments that are contingent on the achievement of certain milestones and percentages of future net sales derived from the products acquired. The Company recorded contingent consideration liabilities at their fair value on the acquisition date and revalues them at the end of each reporting period. In estimating the fair value of the Company s contingent consideration, the Company uses a Monte Carlo Simulation. The determination of the contingent consideration liabilities requires significant judgements including the reasonableness of estimates and assumptions included in the forecasts of future net sales, long-term growth rates and the discount rates applied to such forecasts. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities. 

F-25 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 
 Based on the fair value hierarchy, the Company classified the fair value of contingent consideration within Level 3 because valuation inputs are based on projected revenues discounted to a present value. 
 Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration Contractual payments ) ) Contractual payments included in accrued liabilities at December 31, ) ) Foreign currency impact ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 million, including a million milestone payment to Ligand (and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ("BMS")) we plan to make in the first quarter of 2023, which was triggered upon the accelerated approval of FILSPARI in February 2023. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has capitalized million for contractual milestone payments under the Ligand License Agreement. Should the Company commercialize sparsentan or any products containing related compounds, the Company will be obligated to pay to Ligand (and BMS) an escalating annual royalty between and of net sales of all such products. With the February 2023 approval of FILSPARI (sparsentan), the Company expects to begin incurring costs associated with these royalties in 2023. 
 Manchester Pharmaceuticals LLC 
 In 2014, the Company acquired intangible assets with finite lives related to the Chenodal product rights, trade names, and customer relationships with the values of million, million, and million, respectively. The useful lives related to the acquired product rights, trade names, and customer relationships are expected to be approximately , and, years, respectively. Amortization of product rights, trade names and customer relationships are being recorded in selling, general and administrative expense over their respective lives. 
 Thiola License Agreement 
 The Company entered into a license agreement with Mission Pharmacal in 2014, in which the Company obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing license to market, sell and commercialize Thiola (tiopronin) in the United States and Canada, and a non-exclusive license to use know-how relating to Thiola to the extent necessary to market Thiola. The initial term of the license is years and will automatically renew thereafter for periods of . 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 million and during the term of the agreement will pay guaranteed minimum royalties during each calendar year the greater of million or twenty percent of the Company s net sales of Thiola. 
 In November 2017, the Company amended its agreement with Mission to extend the term of the current exclusive U.S. and Canada licensing agreement by an additional , to 2029. The royalty rate and guaranteed minimum payment were also extended through the new agreement term. Upon execution of the amendment, the Company capitalized an additional million in intangible assets and recorded a guaranteed minimum liability for the same amount. 
 In November 2018, the Company amended its agreement with Mission to remove all territorial restrictions on our license. As consideration for the expanded territory the Company paid an up-front fee of million and will pay guaranteed minimum royalties equaling the greater of million or of our Thiola net sales generated outside of the United States during each calendar year. Upon execution of the amendment, the Company capitalized an additional million in intangible assets and recorded a guaranteed minimum liability of million related to this amendment. 
 The present value of guaranteed minimum royalties payable using a discount rate ranging from approximately to based on the Company s then borrowing rate is million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the guaranteed minimum royalty current and long-term liability was approximately million and million, respectively, and is recorded as Other Liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the guaranteed minimum royalty current and long-term liability was approximately million and million, respectively, and is recorded as Other Liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has capitalized million related to the Thiola intangible asset which consists of the up-front license fee, professional fees, present value of the guaranteed minimum royalties and any additional payments through December 31, 2022 in excess of minimum royalties. In 2022 the Company added million to the intangible asset related to royalties in excess of the minimum. Consistent with all prior periods since Thiola was acquired, the Company has not accrued any liability for royalties in excess of the annual contractual minimum at December 31, 2022, as such royalties are not yet probable and estimable. 
 There are years remaining in the term of the license agreement. 
 Cholbam Asset Purchase 
 On March 31, 2015, the Company completed its acquisition from Asklepion of all worldwide rights, titles and ownership of Cholbam, including all related contracts, data assets, intellectual property, regulatory assets and the PRV. The Company capitalized million and million for the U.S. and international economic interest, respectively. 
 ) Chenodal product rights ) Economic interest - Cholbam revenue ) Ligand license ) Manchester customer relationships ) Total amortizable intangible assets ) 

F-27 

Table of Contents 

 ) Chenodal product rights ) Economic interest - U.S. revenue Cholbam ) Ligand license ) Economic interest - International revenue Cholbam ) Manchester customer relationships ) Internal use software ) Total amortizable intangible assets ) 
 Selling, general and administrative Total amortization expense 
 As of December 31, 2022, amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter is expected to be as follows in thousands ): 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Goodwill 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had goodwill of million. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 Research and development Sales discounts, rebates, and allowances Selling, general and administrative Accrued royalties Miscellaneous accrued Total accrued expenses 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11. 
 million in active pharmaceutical ingredient, to be delivered in 2023, which is planned to support the commercial launch of FILSPARI. 
 Contingencies 
 In October 2021, our Kolbam distributor in France notified us that the French authorities are asking for reimbursement for a portion of Kolbam sales in France during the periods from 2015-2020. During this period, the Company had aggregate revenues from sales of Kolbam in France of approximately million. At this time, the Company is not able to estimate the potential liability that may be incurred, if any. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time in the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various legal matters such as threatened or pending claims or litigation. Although the results of claims and litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe it is a party to any claim or litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely to it, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 shares of par value common stock. All issued shares of common stock are entitled to vote on a share/1 vote basis. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company is currently authorized to issue up to shares of par value preferred stock, of which shares are designated Class "A" Preferred shares. Class A Preferred Shares are not entitled to interest, have certain liquidation preferences, special voting rights and other provisions. preferred stock has been issued to date. 
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On June 8, 2015, the Company's stockholders approved the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2015 Plan"). The 2015 Plan is intended as the successor to and continuation of the Company s 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan. Stockholders approved million new shares to be issued under the 2015 Plan, in addition to million unallocated shares remaining available for issuance under the 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan that were added to the 2015 Plan. Options issued under the 2015 Plan will generally expire from the date of grant and vest over a or period. 
 On May 18, 2016, the Company's stockholders approved an amendment to the 2015 Plan (the "Amended 2015 Plan"). The amendment provides for an additional million new shares to be issued under the Amended 2015 Plan, in addition to million unallocated shares remaining available for issuance. 
 On May 17, 2017, the Company's stockholders approved an amendment to the Amended 2015 Plan. The amendment provides for an additional million new shares to be issued under the Amended 2015 Plan. 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On May 9, 2018, the Company's stockholders approved the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2018 Plan"). The 2018 Plan is intended as the successor to and continuation of the Amended 2015 Plan. Stockholders approved million new shares to be issued under the 2018 Plan, in addition to million unallocated shares remaining available for issuance under the Amended 2015 Plan that were added to the 2018 Plan. Options issued under the 2018 Plan will generally expire from the date of grant and vest over a period. 
 On May 9, 2019, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2018 Plan that increased the number of authorized shares issuable under the 2018 Plan by million shares. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 million shares. 
 On May 14, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2018 Plan that increased the number of authorized shares issuable under the 2018 Plan by million shares. 
 On May 11, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2018 Plan that increased the number of authorized shares issuable under the 2018 Plan by million shares. 
 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("2017 ESPP") originated with shares of common stock available for issuance. Beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on (and including) January 1, 2026, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2017 ESPP may increase by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) one percent of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year or (ii) shares of common stock. 
 Substantially all employees are eligible to participate and, through payroll deductions, can purchase shares on established dates semi-annually. The purchase price per share sold pursuant to the 2017 ESPP will be the lower of (i) of the fair market value of common stock on the first day of the offering period or (ii) of the fair market value on the purchase date. Each offering period will span up to . Purchases may be up to of qualified compensation, with an annual limit of . The 2017 ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately shares authorized and shares reserved for future issuance under the 2017 ESPP. 
 Stock Options 
 The fair values of stock option grants during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were calculated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Compensation expense is recognized over the period of service, generally the vesting period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, stock options were granted by the Company. 
 Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 The risk-free interest rate was based on rates established by the Federal Reserve. The Company s expected volatility was based on analysis of the Company s historical volatility. The expected life of the Company s options was determined using the Company's historical exercise activity. The dividend yield is based upon the fact that the Company has not historically paid dividends and does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Granted Forfeited and expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted was , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value for outstanding options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the closing price of the Company s common stock of , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Unrecognized compensation cost associated with unvested stock options amounts to million as of December 31, 2022, which will be expensed over a weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 
 In connection with the retirement of a Board Member, formerly the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors approved a modification to extend the deadline to exercise each stock option held to the earlier of five years or the expiration of the term of the option. The modification resulted in incremental compensation cost of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units ("RSUs") granted. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/cancelled ) Unvested December 31, 2022 
 The fair value of restricted stock units vested for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value for stock awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 Performance-based Stock Units 
 PSUs are subject to vest only if certain specified criteria are achieved. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to performance-based stock units ("PSUs") granted. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/cancelled ) Unvested December 31, 2022 
 The fair value of performance-based stock units vested for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value for performance-based stock awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 Share Based Compensation 
 Research and development expenses Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 NOTE 13. 

Options Restricted stock Total anti-dilutive shares 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14.) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Foreign losses in 2020 include charges relate to IPR D. See Note 5 for further discussion. 
 ) State Foreign ) ) ) Deferred Federal State Total tax provision (benefit) )) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Foreign rate differential IPR D Federal IRS Audit settlement Nondeductible executive compensation Excess tax benefits associated with share-based awards ) Other permanent differences Tax credits ) ) ) Return to provision adjustments and other true-ups ) CARES Act-Net operating loss carryback ) Adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) Other ) Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development and other tax credits Capitalized research and development Contingent consideration Other accrued expenses Stock based compensation Charitable contributions Intangible assets greater than book Interest expense limitation Operating lease liabilities Tax basis depreciation greater than book depreciation Difference in basis of loan costs Deferred Tax Liabilities: Operating lease right of use assets ) ) Convertible debt ) Prepaid assets ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets 
 The Company has established a full valuation allowance against its U.S. federal, state, and foreign deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets in future periods. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred liabilities and tax planning strategies in making this assessment and evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets as of each reporting date. At such time as it is determined that it is more likely than not that deferred assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly and recorded as a tax benefit. 
 The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022 to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets that may not be realized. The Company increased its valuation allowance by million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available unused U.S. federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively, all of which are fully offset by a valuation allowance. Additionally, the Company had an interest expense limitation carryforward of million that is fully offset by a valuation allowance. The federal NOL and interest expense limitation carryforward have an indefinite life. The state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2023 unless previously utilized, except for million of the state net operating losses that have an indefinite carryforward period. In addition, at December 31, 2022, the Company had federal orphan drug tax credit carryforwards of million that begin to expire in 2033 unless utilized, federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of million that begin to expire in 2033 unless utilized, state research and development tax credit carryforwards of million, of which million begin to expire in 2030 unless utilized and million that have an indefinite carryforward period, and California Competes tax credit carryforwards of million that begin to expire in 2024. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383, use of the Company s federal net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be limited upon a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 within a three-year period. The Company completed a study to analyze whether any ownership changes had occurred through December 31, 2021, and determined no ownership changes occurred. The Company is in the process of updating its analysis of owner shifts to determine whether an ownership change occurred since December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had Irish NOL carryforwards of million which are fully offset by a valuation allowance and have an indefinite life. The Company also had Swiss NOL carryforwards of million which are fully offset by a valuation allowance and begin to expire in 2023 as well as Federal Act on Tax Reform and AHV Financing TRAF cantonal tax benefits of million which expire in 2029. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 million in unrecognized tax benefits of which million related to orphan drug and research and development tax credits and million related to net operating loss carryforwards which were recorded as a reduction to the deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction in the Company s valuation allowance of million. To the extent unrecognized tax benefits are recognized at a time when a valuation allowance does not exist, the recognition of the million tax benefit would reduce the effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 will change materially within the following 12 months. 
 Increase in current period positions Decrease due to settlements with tax authorities ) Increase in prior period positions Balance as of December 31: 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state and local, and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company s income tax returns are open to examination by federal authorities for the years ended December 31, 2019, and forward, and for state and foreign tax authorities, for the years ended December 31, 2018, and forward. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. Interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were less than million. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 NOTE 15. 
 million shares of its common stock in an underwritten public offering, at a price of per share. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were million. 
 At-the-Market Equity Offering 
 In February 2020, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement ("ATM Agreement") with Jefferies LLC, as agent Jefferies ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through Jefferies, shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million. Of the million originally authorized for sale under the ATM Agreement, approximately million were sold under the Company's prior registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-227182). An additional million were sold under the Company's effective registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-259311), which included million from the settlement of shares under the ATM Agreement in the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate amount of million remained eligible for sale under the ATM Agreement. 
 Authorized Shares of Common Stock 
 On May 14, 2021, in connection with the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved, among other matters, a Certificate of Amendment Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance thereunder from to . Effective May 18, 2021, the Certificate of Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 
 NOTE 16. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 million, and plan assets were approximately million. The funded status of the Swiss Plan is included in other long-term liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 NOTE 17. 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction-in-progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 The construction-in-process balance consists of costs related to the Company s leasehold improvements at its facilities in San Diego, California. 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 operating leases, including one operating lease with Kilroy Realty, L.P. (the "Landlord") for office space located in San Diego, California, which was entered into in April 2019 and subsequently amended in May 2020. Coinciding with the Company's ability to direct the use of the office space, which occurred in phases over 2020, and utilizing a discount rate equal to the Company's estimated incremental borrowing rate, the Company established ROU assets totaling million and lease liabilities totaling million. The total ROU asset and lease liability at measurement were each offset by lease incentives associated with tenant improvement allowances totaling million. 
 The initial term of the office lease ends in August 2028, and the Landlord has granted the Company an option to extend the term of the lease by a period of years. At this time, it is not reasonably certain that the Company will extend the term of the lease and therefore the renewal period has been excluded from the aforementioned ROU asset and lease liability measurements. The measurement of the lease term occurs from the February 2021 occupancy date of the office space delivered in September 2020. The aggregate base rent due over the initial term of the lease is approximately million. 
 The Company also has operating lease with Esprit Investments Limited for office space located in Dublin, Ireland, which was entered into in October 2022. The initial term of the office lease ends in September 2027. The lease provides the option to extend the term of the lease by a period of years, although it is not reasonably certain that the Company will elect this option and therefore the renewal period has been excluded from the initial lease measurement. The aggregate base rent due over the initial term of the lease is approximately million. Utilizing a discount rate equal to the Company's borrowing rate, the Company established an ROU asset and corresponding lease liability of million. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted future minimum payments Present value discount ) Total lease liability Unamortized lease incentives ) Cash payments in excess of straight-line lease expense ) Total ROU asset 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recorded million, million, and million, respectively, in expense related to operating leases, including amortized tenant improvement allowances. 
 
 NOTE 19. 
 million milestone payment to Ligand (and BMS) in the first quarter of 2023, as a result of the accelerated approval granted to FILSPARI (sparsentan). Upon payment, the million will be capitalized as an intangible asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-37 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 ex1012-1231202210k.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.12 
 
 2023 Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Executive Officer Annual Bonus Plan 
 
 Plan Objective 
 The purpose of the Travere Therapeutics, Inc. Executive Officer Bonus Plan (the Plan is to provide incentives to and reward executive officers of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company (each a Participant, as defined below) to achieve corporate performance goals and to work together to achieve outstanding results in all aspects of the Company s business, thus benefiting themselves, Company shareholders and the people who benefit from the Company s services. 
 Eligibility 
 All regular full-time executive officers of Travere Therapeutics are eligible to receive a bonus under this Plan Participant ). 
 Participants must be employed as a regular full-time employee by the Company prior to October 1 of the bonus plan year. 
 Employees hired during the Bonus Plan Year prior to October 1 will be eligible to receive a prorated bonus based on the number of calendar days actively paid by Travere during the Bonus Plan Year. 
 In order to be eligible to receive a bonus for a particular Bonus Plan Year (if any is earned), a Participant must be actively employed, and in good standing, as of the date the bonus checks are distributed for that year or as otherwise approved by the Board. 
 Temporary executive officers and consultants (regardless of their roles or responsibilities) are not eligible to participate. 
 Participation in the Travere Therapeutics, Inc. Executive Officer Bonus Plan is approved on an annual basis. Criteria for participation may be subject to change at the commencement of the Bonus Plan Year, and eligibility to participate in any Bonus Plan Year does not guarantee eligibility to participate in any subsequent Bonus Plan Year. Participants whose individual performance is deemed to not be meeting expectations by the Compensation Committee are ineligible. 
 Definitions 
 Bonus Plan Year means the twelve-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each December 31. 
 The Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 The Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, as constituted from time to time. 
 The Base Pay is a Participant s annual rate of base salary in effect as of December 31 of the applicable Bonus Plan Year. However, bonus awards will be based on a blended rate if an 
 1 

employee has a reduction in work schedule and or annualized salary during the plan year such that the bonus calculation will take into account the time worked for both the higher and lower salary. 
 The Company Target Performance Measures shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board and shall be set forth in writing, and may include, but shall not be limited to, a combination of financial, research and development and or operational goals. 
 The Company Modifier is determined at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board and is designed to reflect performance against Company results. For illustration purposes only, if the Company performance significantly exceeds the Company Target Performance Measures, the Company Modifier could exceed 100 , but in no case more than 150 . Similarly, if Company performance fails to meet the Company Target Performance Measures, the Company Modifier could be less than 100 . There is a minimum Corporate Performance required of 40 for any payment under the Plan to be considered. No Participant will have any entitlement to or earn a right to receive a bonus under this Plan until the date on which such bonus is paid. The Board and or Compensation Committee reserve the right, at any time, regardless of corporate performance to approve or not approve the payment of a Bonus during any Plan Year. 
 The Individual Modifier is determined by the Participant s relative performance during the Plan year, and will generally fall within 0 -125 , as per the Participant s annual performance rating. 
 The Target Bonus means the percentage of Base Pay that would be awarded to a Participant upon the achievement of the Company Target Performance Measures at a level of 100 . 
 Bonus Award Components 
 Unless otherwise specified, the components of a Bonus Award Payment (described below) are as follows 
 Company Modifier based on achievement of Company Performance Measures 
 Target Percentage based on Participant s position (see below) 
 Participant s Base Pay for the bonus year 
 Number of credible eligible days of service for the Bonus Plan Year 
 Participant s Individual Performance Modifier 
 Weighting of Company Performance Modifier based on level 
 Weighting of Individual Performance Modifier based on level 
 Position Target Bonus Individual Modifier Weighting Company Modifier Weighting Chief Executive Officer 75 N A 100 Other Executive Officers 50 N A 100 

2 

Bonus Award Payment Calculation 
 The Bonus Award Payment, if one is approved, is calculated as follows 
 (Participant s base pay x Bonus Target percentage x individual performance modifier x individual performance weighting) x Plan year tenure 
 + 
 (Participant s base pay x Bonus target percentage x company performance modifier x company performance weighting) x Plan year tenure 
 General 
 Bonus awards, if earned, will be paid between January 1 and March 15 of the calendar year after the close of the applicable Bonus Plan Year. 
 In the event of a Participant s leave of absence in excess of 60 days during the Bonus Plan Year, the bonus earned for that year will be prorated. The calculation will be based on the total number of calendar days of active employment status. 
 Executive officers hired after October 1 will not be eligible for a bonus award under this Plan until the following Bonus Plan Year. 
 Executive officers hired during the Bonus Plan Year on or before October 1 will be eligible to receive a prorated bonus based on the number of calendar days actively at work. 
 Bonus awards are based on the Participant s target percentage and Base Salary as of December 31 of the Bonus Plan Year. 
 Travere Therapeutics reserves the right to modify or terminate the Plan at any time without prior notice. 
 The Plan does not modify a Participant s at-will employment status or create a contract of employment for a specific term. Receipt of a bonus award is not guaranteed, and this Plan is not a promise of future or continued employment. 
 The Plan does not modify a Participant s Employment Agreement. 
 The Company will withhold all required taxes and make any other required deductions from payments made under the Plan. This Plan is intended to provide short term deferrals , as described in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) under section 409A of the Code or successor guidance thereto, and is intended not to be a nonqualified deferred compensation plan , as described in Treasury Regulation 1-409A-1(a)(1) under section 409A of the Code or successor guidance thereto. In the administration and interpretation of the Plan, such intention is to govern. 
 It is intended that this Plan be exempt from regulation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, as a payroll practice and a bonus program , as described in U.S. Department of Labor Regulations 2510.3-1(b) and 2510.3-2(c), respectively. 
 Any bonuses paid under the Bonus Plan shall be subject to the provisions of any claw-back policy implemented by the Company, including, without limitation, any claw-back policy adopted to comply with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules, regulations or interpretations thereunder. 
 3 

This Plan shall be subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of laws. 
 The Compensation Committee possesses sole discretion and authority to construe and interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and to resolve any issue arising out of, relating to, or resulting from its administration and operation. Any disagreement or dispute by any person claiming a benefit under the Plan regarding any aspect of the Plan or its administration must be promptly presented in writing to the Compensation Committee for determination. Payments shall be made under the Plan only if the Compensation Committee determines in its sole discretion that the claimant is entitled to them. Any determinations the Compensation Committee makes in relation to the Plan will be final, conclusive, and binding on all persons, entities and parties claiming any interest under the Plan and will be entitled to the maximum possible deference allowed by law. 
 Except as explicitly provided by law, this Plan is provided at the Company's sole discretion, and the Company reserves the power at any time and from time to time, to modify, amend or terminate (in whole or in part) any or all of the provisions of the Plan at any time, prospectively or retroactively, without prior notice or obligation. Any amendment to the Plan shall be adopted by formal action of the Board. 
 The Plan will be operated as an unfunded arrangement, and nothing in this document will be construed to require the Company to fund any awards or to establish a trust or purchase an insurance policy or other product for such purpose. The Company may make such arrangements as it desires to provide for the payment of bonuses under the Plan. 
 Any payments made pursuant to the Plan shall not be counted as compensation for purposes of any other employee benefit plan, program or agreement sponsored, maintained or contributed to by the Company unless expressly provided for in such employee benefit plan, program, agreement, or arrangement. 

4 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.37>
 3
 ex1037-1231202210k.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.37 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY , HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO MASTER MANUFACTURING SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 
 This First Amendment (the Amendment ), effective as of the November 14, 2022 Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly known as Retrophin, Inc.) Client ), and STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited Supplier ). Client and Supplier may be hereinafter referred to individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties. 
 
 WHEREAS , Client and Supplier entered into a certain Master Manufacturing Supply Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2020 (the Agreement for the Manufacture and supply of Product whereby Client purchases the Product from Supplier, and Supplier Manufactures and supplies the Product to Client 
 
 WHEREAS, Client, Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (an Affiliate of Client), and Vifor (International) Ltd. Vifor have entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement on September 15, 2021 (the License Agreement whereby Vifor has received a license to develop, market, and distribute the Product in certain EX-US countries per the terms of the License Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, Client and Supplier desire to amend the Product Price, add a new section regarding Product Price adjustment, update the sections regarding invoices and notices, and authorize Vifor to order the Product directly from Supplier under the Agreement as a third-party beneficiary. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , for good and valuable mutual consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree to amend the Agreement as follows 
 
 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein will have the meaning given to them in the Agreement. 
 
 2. Amendment to Section 3.3. Invoices and Payment. The second sentence in Section 3.3(a) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 The invoice will reference the applicable purchase order number provided by Client (if any) promptly after the execution of the relevant Purchase Order and be sent to following address (as determined by the purchasing party of the Purchase Order) 
 
 Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 3611 Valley Centre Drive, Suite 300 
 San Diego, California 92130 
 Attention Accounts Payable 
 Email 
 
 OR 
 
 Vifor (International) Ltd. 
 Rechenstrasse 37 
 CH-9014 St. Gallen 
 Switzerland 
 Attention Finance Department 
 Email 

Certain Confidential Information Omitted 
 1 

3. Amendment to Article 3. PRICE AND PAYMENT. The following Section 3.6 (Product Price Adjustment) is hereby added to the end of Article 3 
 3.6 Product Price Adjustment . The Product Price shall be fixed in the first after the Effective Date. Thereafter, the Parties will review the Product Price on basis. During the term of this Agreement, and at least prior to January 1st of a calendar year throughout the term of the Agreement, . Unless otherwise mutually agreed between Parties, the annual price increase shall not exceed of then-current Product Price . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is any proposed change to the Product Specifications or Manufacturing Process, prior to the implementation of any such change, the Parties shall promptly negotiate in good faith any amendments to the Product Price necessary to reflect such change. 
 
 4. Amendment to Section 14.3. Notices. The table in Section 14.3 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 To Client 
 
 Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 3611 Valley Centre Drive 
 Suite 300 
 San Diego, California 91230 
 U.S.A. 
 Attention Legal Department 
 With a copy to 
 To Supplier 
 
 STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited 
 Unit C, 20 F 
 OfficePlus Mong Kok 
 No. 998 Canton Road 
 Kowloon, Hong Kong 
 Attention Legal office 
 Tel. 
 With a copy to 
 
 Shanghai SynTheAll Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 
 9 Yuegong Road West 
 Jinshan District 
 Shanghai, China 201507 
 Attention Minzhang Chen, CEO 
 Tel. 
 
 For the purposes of Section 14.10 only 
 
 To Vifor 
 
 Vifor (International) Ltd. 
 Rechenstrasse 37 
 CH-9014 St. Gallen 
 Switzerland 
 Attention Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy to 
 
 Vifor (International) Ltd. 
 Rechenstrasse 37 
 CH-9014 St. Gallen 
 Switzerland 
 Attention Group General Counsel 

Certain Confidential Information Omitted 
 2 

5. Amendment to Section 14.10. Third-Party Beneficiary. Section 14.10 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 14.10 Third-Party Beneficiary. Vifor (International) Ltd. Vifor is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and with respect to any Purchase Order it enters with Supplier under the Agreement, shall be bound by the terms of the Agreement and may enforce the following terms solely with respect to its interests Sections 2.2, 2.5, 3.1 3.5, 4.1 (solely with respect to the first two sentences), 4.2 4.11, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13.2(c) (d) (solely with respect to termination of the relevant Purchase Order for clarity, Vifor has no rights to terminate this Agreement under any circumstances), 13.3, 13.4, 14.1, 14.3 14.7, 14.10 14.12. References to Client or Party in the preceding sections shall mean Vifor. For the avoidance of doubt, Vifor is not a third-party beneficiary with respect to any other terms of this Agreement, and except with respect to Vifor, there are no other third-party beneficiaries under this Agreement. 
 
 6. Amendment to Exhibit A Product Price, Lead Time, and Minimum Order Quantity. Exhibit A is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the new Exhibit A attached to this Amendment as Appendix 1. 
 7. Amendment to Exhibit B Specifications. Exhibit B of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the new Exhibit B attached to this Agreement as Appendix 2. 
 8. Upon its execution and delivery, this Amendment shall amend, modify and supersede, to the extent of any inconsistencies, the provisions of the Agreement. 
 9. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 10. The Agreement and this Amendment embody the entire understanding of the Parties and there are no promises, terms, conditions or obligations, oral or written, expressed or implied, other than those contained in the Agreement and this Amendment. The terms of the Agreement and this Amendment shall supersede all previous agreements (if any) which may exist or have existed between the Parties relating to the Services. 
 
 11. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts by the Parties by signature of a person having authority to bind the Party, each of which when executed and delivered by facsimile, electronic transmission or by mail delivery, will be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , duly authorized representatives of the Parties have signed this Amendment. 
 
 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. STA PHARMACEUTICAL HONG KONG LIMITED 
 By s William Rote 
 
 By s Xiaoyong Fu 
 Print Name William Rote 
 Print Name Xiaoyong Fu 
 Title SVP, R&D 
 Title SVP 
 Date 11 18 2022 
 Date 11 18 2022 

4 

Appendix 1 

Certain Confidential Information Omitted 

5 

Appendix 2 

Certain Confidential Information Omitted 
 
 6 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.39>
 4
 ex1039-1231202210k.htm
 EX-10.39

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.39 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO LICENSE AND COLLABORATION AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment No. 1 to License and Collaboration Agreement (the Amendment is entered into as of October 5, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date by and between Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (formerly known as Orphan Technologies Limited) LICENSOR and Vifor (International) Ltd. LICENSEE ). LICENSOR and LICENSEE are each referred to herein by name or as a Party , or, collectively, as the Parties . 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , LICENSOR and LICENSEE previously entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement dated as of September 15, 2021 (the Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , the Parties wish to amend the Agreement in accordance with Clause 16.4 thereof. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree to amend the terms of the Agreement as provided below, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 AMENDMENT 
 1. Amendment to Annex 1 . The definition of in Annex 1 is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 . 
 2. Effect of Amendment . Except as amended herein, all other provisions of the Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 3. Entire Agreement . The Agreement and this Amendment constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. All previous discussions and agreements with respect to this subject matter are superseded by the Agreement and this Amendment. 
 4. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original document, and all of which, together with this writing, shall be deemed one instrument. Counterparts may be delivered by transmission via electronic mail (including as a PDF and or utilizing any electronic signature process complying with the US federal ESIGN Act of 2000) or other transmission method, including by transmission of signature pages to the Parties or their representative legal counsel, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. Electronic signatures utilizing any electronic signature process complying with the US federal ESIGN Act of 2000 shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Agreement and all matters related thereto, with such electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original signatures. 
 Signature Page Follows 

Certain Confidential Information Omitted 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each Party has caused this Amendment to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized representative(s) as of the Amendment Effective Date. 

Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH 
 s Giovanni Stropoli Giovanni Stropoli 
 General Manager 

Vifor (International) Ltd. 
 s Christoph Springer Dr. Christoph Springer 
 Chief Strategy Officer 
 s Oliver P. Kronenberg Dr. Oliver P. Kronenberg 
 General Counsel CSL Vifor 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex211-1231202210k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 No. 
 Name 1 Travere Therapeutics Pharmaceutical, Inc. 2 Travere Therapeutics Ireland Limited 3 Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH 4 Travere Therapeutics US Holdings, LLC 5 Kyalin Biosciences, Inc. 6 Manchester Pharmaceuticals LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex231-1231202210k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 San Diego, California 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-259311) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-266957, 333-258257, 333-240222, 333-232857, 333-224848, 333-218582, 333-213599, 333-206510 and 333-200224) of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. the Company of our reports dated February 23, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex311-1231202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Eric M. Dube, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Eric M. Dube Eric M. Dube Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex312-1231202210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Christopher Cline, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Christopher Cline Christopher Cline Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex321-1231202210k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Eric M. Dube Eric M. Dube Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex322-1231202210k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Christopher Cline Christopher Cline Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 tvtx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 tvtx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 tvtx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 tvtx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 tvtx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

