<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1577445_0001493152-23-009276.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8205387</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>601107</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1311662</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3464364</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1185321</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1395711</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009276.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328160538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009276
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ScoutCam Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001577445
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-188920
		FILM NUMBER:		23769512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 N. HAYDEN ROAD, SUITE A-1
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-659-6404

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 N. HAYDEN ROAD, SUITE A-1
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Intellisense Solutions Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130521

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009276.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Tel:

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

N/A 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, based on the
price at which the common equity was last sold on the OTCQB Market on such date, was million. For purposes of this computation
only, all officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 item
 1a. 
 risk factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1b. 
 unresolved staff comments 
 27 
 
 Item
 2. 
 properties 
 27 
 
 item
 3. 
 legal proceedings 
 27 
 
 item
 4. 
 mine safety disclosures. 
 27 

PART II 

item
 5. 
 market for registrant s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases 
 28 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [ RESERVED ] 
 30 
 
 item
 7. 
 management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 30 
 
 item
 7a. 
 quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 39 
 
 item
 8. 
 financial statements and supplementary data 
 39 
 
 item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 
 item
 9a. 
 controls and Procedures 
 39 
 
 Item
 9b. 
 Other information 
 40 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 40 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and corporate governance 
 41 
 
 item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 46 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder matters 
 49 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 
 51 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal accounting fees and services 
 53 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 exhibits AND financial statement schedules 
 54 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 55 

SIGNATURES 
 56 

2 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management s current views with
respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future
financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, 
 potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Those statements include
statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of our Company and members of our management team as well as the assumptions
on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such
forward-looking statements. 

These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors including, but not limited to: 

our
 financial performance, including our history of operating losses; 

our
 ability to obtain additional funding to continue our operations; 

our
 ability to successfully develop and commercialize our products; 

changes
 in the regulatory environments of the United States and other countries in which we intend to operate; 

our
 ability to attract and retain key management and marketing personnel; 

competition
 from new market entrants; and 

our
 ability to identify and pursue development of additional products. 

Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Annual Report and in our other reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed
assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results over time except as required by law. We believe
that our assumptions are based upon reasonable data derived from and known about our business and operations. No assurances are made
that actual results of operations or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from our assumptions. 

As
used in this Annual Report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms ScoutCam, we, us, our, 
or our Company refer to ScoutCam Inc. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. 

3 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Our
Mission 

We
are a pioneer in the development, production, and marketing of innovative Predictive Maintenance (PdM) and Condition Based Monitoring
(CBM) technologies, providing visual sensing and AI-based video analytics solutions for critical systems in the aviation, maritime, industrial
non-destructing-testing industries, transportation, and energy industries. Some of our products utilize our unique micro visualization
technology in medical devices for complex and minimally invasive medical procedures. Our technology includes proven video technologies
and products amalgamated into a first-of-its-kind, FDA-cleared minimally invasive surgical device. At the present time, we derive a substantial
portion of our revenue from applications of our micro visualization technology within the medical field. 

Our
Business Model 

Our
unique video-based sensors, embedded software, and AI algorithms are being deployed in hard-to-reach locations and harsh
environments across a variety of PdM and CBM use cases. Our solution allows maintenance and operations teams visibility into areas
which are inaccessible under normal circumstances, or where the operating ambience otherwise is not suitable for continuous
real-time monitoring, and has various applications which have relevancy in a wide range of industry segments that utilize
complicated mechanics requiring ongoing monitoring and predictive maintenance applications. Our current business model is a
business-to-business (B2B) approach in which we seek to identify target businesses interested in integrating our micro visualization
technology or commissioning individual projects using our technology. We have several successful proof of concepts in airborne
platforms of various OEM s in aerospace and have completed a successful demonstration project for a top global elevator
systems manufacturer. As provided above, we are developing additional applications for our visual solutions portfolio (composed of
image acquisition, data collection, and storage and image processing), including PdM and CBM (we refer to these applications and
sectors as Industry 4.0, or I4.0), which generate a number of potential benefits for our customers. 

The
following graphic demonstrates ScoutCam s value proposition, starting with increased safety and reduced down time due to our ability
to visually analyze any failure occurrence in real time, and including more sophisticated benefits like big data analytics that provide
predictive insights regarding to an entire system life cycle, spare parts management and smart prediction regrading system performance. 

4 

Who
we are: History and Background 

We
were incorporated as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 22, 2013, under the name Intellisense Solutions Inc.
We were initially engaged in the business of developing web portals to allow companies and individuals to engage in the purchase and
sale of vegetarian food products over the Internet. However, we were unable to execute our original business plan, develop significant
operations or achieve commercial sales. 

We
received initial funding in March 2014 in the aggregate amount of 19,980 through the sale of common stock to two of our former officers
and directors, who purchased in the aggregate 1,998,000 shares of our common stock at 0.01 per share. 

On
January 10, 2019, we formed Canna Patch Ltd., or Canna Patch, an Israeli corporation, of which 90 was initially owned by our Company,
and the remaining 10 owned by Rafael Ezra, Canna Patch s Chief Technology Officer. Canna Patch did not have any operations and
on December 4, 2019, we sold 100 of our holdings in Canna Patch. 

On
September 16, 2019, Intellisense and Medigus Ltd., an Israeli company traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, entered into an Exchange Agreement
(as defined herein). 

On
December 30, 2019, we acquired ScoutCam Ltd. As a result of our acquisition of ScoutCam Ltd., we now own all of ScoutCam Ltd. s
issued and outstanding share capital and have integrated and adopted ScoutCam Ltd. s business into our Company as our primary business
activity. 

ScoutCam
Ltd. was formed in the State of Israel on January 3, 2019, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Medigus and commenced operations on March 1,
2019. ScoutCam Ltd. was incorporated as part of a reorganization of Medigus, which was designed to distinguish ScoutCam Ltd. s
miniaturized imaging business, or the micro ScoutCam portfolio, from Medigus other operations and to enable Medigus to
form a separate business unit with dedicated resources focused on the promotion of such technology. On December 1, 2019, Medigus and
ScoutCam Ltd. consummated a certain Amended and Restated Asset Transfer Agreement, which transferred and assigned certain assets and
intellectual property rights related to its miniaturized imaging business. On May 18, 2020, in connection with the Arkin Transaction
(as defined below), the Company and Medigus entered into a certain Side Letter Agreement (the Letter Agreement ), whereby
the parties agreed to amend certain terms of the Amended and Restated Asset Transfer Agreement and the License Agreement. 

On
April 20, 2020, ScoutCam Ltd. entered into an Amended and Restated Intercompany Services Agreement with Medigus (the Intercompany
Services Agreement ), which effectively amended and restated an intercompany services agreement dated May 30, 2019. 

For
additional information about the Exchange Agreement, the Amended and Restated Asset Transfer Agreement, the Letter Agreement and the
Intercompany Services Agreement, refer to CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
below. 

Sales
and Marketing 

ScoutCam s
vision is to become a leading provider of video analytics based, PdM solutions for the aerospace, other industry and medical critical
system markets. 

We
engage companies seeking to add video visualization to their existing or new product(s) or considering the development of new products
that include micro video visualization. Our approach to the medical market is ordinarily conducted in two phases. During the first phase,
we conduct the research and development that is required in order to specify, design, develop, and produce the designated visualization
apparatus, for an agreed-upon compensation amount (e.g., a non-recurrent engineering fee). During the second phase, we manufacture the
apparatus and offer it to the customer for an agreed-upon transfer price. 

In
the I4.0 domain, which target PdM and CBM applications, we engage with companies that wish to increase the monitoring capabilities of
different elements of a device using our visual monitoring solutions (these include build of image acquisition, data collection and storage,
and image processing capabilities based on AI, ML, cloud, and additional algorithm concepts). Based on our product portfolio with customized
solutions as needed, this will allow our customers to receive real time alerts on anomalies and failures of monitored components, analyze
and track trends and development of the anomaly, and predict any impending failure of the component as a result of such anomaly over
time and usage. As a result, we expect customers to benefit from a reduction in downtime, lower maintenance expenses, and increased safety
of their monitored equipment, using the prediction capabilities of the platform to efficiently plan maintenance work on future faulty
components. Another outcome we expect is more cost effective management of resources, since components will only need to be replaced
as a result of their actual condition rather than a strict maintenance schedule. 

5 

The
use of an image based platform in the fields of PdM and CBM provides richer and more informative data and insights than traditional sensing
methods. Together with the AI and ML models customized for the relevant use cases, we expect this will provide customers with a clearer
view of the status of their equipment, increasing revenues by saving on direct expenses, and increasing the uptime of their equipment. 

On
February 6, 2023, we announced the completion of a major development stage in equipping Elbit Systems Ltd. s leading defense UAS
aerial platforms with our real time video monitoring system. Through the program, our unique video-based sensors, embedded software,
machine vision and algorithms support a variety of predictive maintenance and condition-based monitoring use cases for unmanned aerial
vehicles in harsh environments and hard-to-reach locations, as it features a modular open system architecture, enabling seamless integration
with advanced unmanned aerial platforms. 

In
order to engage new customers, we employ various marketing strategies. We employ several professional experienced managers in relevant
fields of expertise, in addition to a team of consultants who analyze global trends and designated geographical territories to assist
us in targeting potential customers. 

Our
marketing efforts include, but are not limited to, the following: 

engaging
 third party companies and local consultants as territorial representatives in key markets and leading companies in relevant industries; 

initiating
 business engagements based on leads received through our marketing efforts, through active interaction with key industry influencers,
 providing financed proof of concept in order to generate tailored product orders, or via other methods or means; 

conducting
 proof of concept demonstrations in order to evaluate the feasibility of integration for monitoring their systems and to demonstrate
 the significant value proposition of our technology to customers; 

networking
 through personal contacts in the aerospace, critical industry, transportation, maritime, medical, and defense industries; and 

participating
 in major aerospace, maritime, and vision technology exhibitions as well as industry 4.0 specific events. 

In
addition to our business development efforts that are mainly based on currently existing or future customer needs, we aim to identify
new market opportunities. These efforts include systematic analysis of various industrial and medical fields and procedures to identify
where visualization solutions, including image analysis, might add value. When a potential opportunity is identified, we seek to protect
our rights by establishing relevant intellectual property safeguards, developing prototypes for the required application. In the medical
domain, we currently sell our system to a fortune 500 corporation; in this respect, we seek to partner with additional relevant companies
to progress our technology into prototypes which, in turn, will be developed into market-ready products. 

In
January 2022, we entered into a patent cross-licensing arrangement with Japan-based Sumita Optical Glass, Inc. (Sumita), a specialty
optical fiber technology company, pursuant to which we granted a non-exclusive license to Sumita to our patents related to Small
Diameter Video Camera Heads and Medical Devices and Visualization Probes containing them in return for payment of royalties and
a grant-back license to ScoutCam of Sumita s patent and patent applications related to fiber optics illumination. For additional
information on our patent portfolio, refer to PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND TECHNOLOGY below. 

6 

Our
Customers 

Currently,
we have one major customer, a leading Fortune 500 multinational healthcare corporation, that is expected to generate most of our forecasted
revenue in the near term. In June 2022, we announced that we completed the verification and validation stage of our miniature camera
solution with this client and, on January 26, 2023, we announced that we had received an order from this client for 1.45 million. 

In
addition, we derive a substantial portion of our revenue from applications of our micro visualization technology within the medical field. 

In
addition, we announced the completion of a major development stage to equip Elbit Systems Ltd. s leading defense UAS aerial platforms
with our real time video monitoring system. 

Competition 

There
are currently several companies that develop and provide monitoring solutions for PdM and CBM. These monitoring solutions can be the
sensor itself, data collection and storage, AI processing, or a combination of these capabilities. The CBM and PdM solutions are usually
based on traditional sensing solutions such as vibration, temperature, and acoustic sensors. Based on our research and discussions with
customers, we believe these traditional sensing methods are limited in their ability to provide an in depth view of the condition of
the monitored components and usually alert on the occurrence of an anomaly when component failure has already occurred, which is too
late in some cases. From the AI perspective, there are several vendors providing off-the-shelf AI capabilities which then require customization
per market, use case, and/or data source. We believe that our more holistic approach and reliance on image-based solutions creates richer
and more informative data, leveraged by AI and ML algorithms, enabling our customers to deploy predictive maintenance programs. 

Proprietary
Rights and Technology 

Our
solution for the market is based on our core intellectual property which we seek to review and patent on a regular basis, where applicable.
We are heavily invested in creating patents for our core technology. 

Our
patent portfolio currently contains patent families which we consider material to our business and operating success. Our intellectual
property rights include patents and patent applications that were transferred to us by Medigus as part of the Addendum No. 1 to Amended
and Restated Asset Transfer Agreement (the Addendum ), the License Agreement and the Letter Agreement, and additional patent
assets developed by ScoutCam. For additional information about the License Agreement refer to CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE below. Under the Addendum, and subject to certain limitations as further set forth
therein, Medigus transferred to us the following material patent families in exchange for a license in connection with the marketing
and sale of the Medigus Ultrasonic Surgical Endostapler: 

Patent family related to Integrated Endoscope Irrigation: this patent family relates to our ability to develop visualization components
and endoscopes, which include irrigation with a smaller outer diameter by saving the space of the tube that is required to lead the fluids
in a conventional manner. This patent has been granted in Canada, Europe (validated in Germany, Spain, France, Great Britain and Italy),
Israel, Japan (original and divisional), and the United States (two patents), and has two pending continuations in the United States.
The expiration dates for the two patents in the United States are November 28, 2033 and February 28, 2033; 

Patent family related to Small Diameter Video Camera Heads and Medical Devices and Visualization Probes containing them: this patent
family relates to our ability to develop cameras, visualization components, and medical devices with a small diameter, thus enabling
the insertion of the camera into smaller cavities or leaving more space in the device for the use and application of other functions,
such as a working channel. This patent has been granted in Japan, Korea, Israel, the United States (2 patents, original and continuation
in part), and Europe (3 patents, original and 2 divisionals, currently under appeal after opposition proceedings, validated in Germany,
France, Great Britain, and Italy). The expiration dates for these patents are March 16, 2031 (for the patents in the United States),
and September 16, 2030 (for patents in each of the other aforementioned jurisdictions). 

7 

As
a result of oppositional proceedings initiated by a third party in 2018, the Opposition Division of the EU Patent Office decided in 2019
to revoke two of the three European patents (EP 2.478.693 and EP 2.621.159) and in 2021 to maintain the third patent (EP 2.621.158).
Following appeals by Company and the third party of the 2019 and 2021 decisions, respectively, the Opposition Division of the EU Patent
Office is expected to hear and decide these matters in early 2024; 

As
a result of a supplemental examination filed by the Company regarding one of the U.S. Patents (10,188,275), the U.S. Patent Office decided
to open reexamination proceedings for 23 of the 24 granted claims. The U.S. Patent Office is expected to conduct the reexamination proceedings
during the course of 2024; and 

In
addition, our intellectual property rights further include the following material patent applications filed by ScoutCam: 

Patent family related to Miniature Precision Medical Device: these pending patent applications relate to our ability to develop a miniature
precision medical device comprising an endoscope with at least one camera, where at least one sensor of one camera is distally located
at a tip of a shaft of the endoscope. Surrounding or next to the sensor, such shaft has sufficient space to accommodate at least one
accessory such as, for example, illumination source, irrigation tool, or suctioning tool. This patent family has pending patent application
in the United States and its expected expiry dates, if issued, will be in 2039-2040. 

Patent family related to Medical Ophthalmic Device: this patent family is related to a tool comprising a hand piece having a flattened
cannulated tip that is adapted to receive flow from a pumping unit, in order to generate a jet of fluid suitable for procedures such
as hydro-dissecting cells in the eye. According to a representation of the invention, the tool comprises a visualization
probe with at least one camera, wherein the sensor of the camera is distally located at the tip of the tool to be inserted into the eye
for imaging from within the eye. This patent family is pending in China, Europe, Japan, Korea, and the United States. The patent application s
expected expiry dates, if issued, will be in 2039-2040. 

Patent family related to Systems and Methods for Monitoring Potential Failure in a Machine or a Component Thereof. This patent family
relates to system and methods for monitoring potential failure in a machine or a component thereof using at least one optical sensor.
Such sensors can be used in conjunction with diagnostic software/hardware tools to display and analyze changes in critical images that
could not have been displayed or analyzed using existing systems. This patent family includes a pending Patent Cooperation Treaty patent
application and national phase applications filed in Israel and the U.S. If ultimately issued by the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, such patent would be expected to expire in early 2042. Additional national phase patent application can be filed in other jurisdictions
by the end of July 2023. 

We
have also applied for provisional applications relating to our predictive maintenance innovative technology and developments. All of
these applications are expected to have a lifetime of 20 years from filing. 

Despite
our efforts to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may still copy or otherwise obtain and use our technology. For
additional information, refer to WE MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL IN ENFORCING OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AGAINST THIRD
PARTIES below. 

Employment 

We
currently have approximately 45 full-time (or near full-time) employees. This number is expected to grow. We may recruit additional
employees to the R D team. 

Research
and Development 

Our
R D organization is responsible for the design, development, testing, and delivery of new technologies, features, products, and integrations
of our component parts. Research and development employees are located primarily in our principal corporate office on Omer, Israel. We
currently have approximately 21 employees in our research and development organization. We intend to continue to invest in our research
and development capabilities. 

8 

Our
R D efforts are focused on the following areas: (i) maturing our multi camera solution based on advanced visualization sensor technologies
focusing on sensing, computing, and prediction, cooperating with customers for mutual development projects that demonstrate our technology
by reaching customer KPIs and (ii) our industrial cloud-based product, which leverages our already in place cloud environment to develop
mutual proof of concept and minimal valuable product for our customers that enable cloud base solutions for customer KPIs. 

Regulation 

Our
approach to regulation is generally determined based on a given project. In our engagements with customers operating in the biomedical
sector, we comply with the medical device standards in that corresponding territory, such as the FDA or International Organization for
Standardization (ISO), among others. Compliance with these regulations is achieved through our QA department and the support we receive
from highly experienced quality assurance and regulatory affairs consultants. In addition, we are being audited annually by MEDCERT GmbH,
a German Notified Body. 

For
instance, ISO 13485:2016 is a regulatory benchmark that we comply with while working on our medical device projects. ISO 13845:2016 is
similar to ISO 9001 in terms of its quality management system (QMS) requirements, however, ISO 13485:2016 is generally considered more
rigorous and comprehensive. 

Given
that we do not manufacture or distribute end-user products to the medical sector, and instead service businesses pursuant to a B2B model,
we are subject to fewer regulatory standards commonly associated with medical device manufacturers or distributors. We develop and manufacture
components for other companies, and therefore our involvement in the regulatory submission demands comparatively less responsibility.
This notwithstanding, we communicate with business customers in order to identify certain regulatory dimensions inherent to a project,
to which we should pay additional attention. For example, when a component of ours is integrated into a business s end-user product,
such as for the purpose of touching human tissue, we develop and manufacture our parts and components while taking into account certain
applicable regulatory standards. These standards might include, inter alia, relevant FDA regulations (e.g. CFR 21 part 820, the medical
device reporting requirements (MDR), among others) as well as ISO regulations (e.g. ISO 14644-1, specifically in connection with cleanrooms
and associated controlled environments, among other items, or ISO 10993, in connection with the biological evaluation of medical devices).
Furthermore, we prioritize our team s compliance with the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directives (RoHS) and REACH (EC 1907/2006). 

Similarly,
if a component part of ours is incorporated into an electronic device for the purpose of being used inside a human body, we comply with
certain FDA requirements as well as IEC 60601 for safety and electrostatic discharge, including the heating of parts at more than 42
degrees Celsius and a variety of additional technical standards designed for the safety and essential performance of electronic medical
equipment. Moreover, we perform risk management assessments in accordance with EN ISO 14971:2019 and ISO/TR 24971:2020. 

In
certain instances, our customers prefer that we conduct the testing of its products in internationally certified labs in order to further
guarantee that our component parts satisfy applicable regulatory standards. In this scenario, we perform the required tests as a service
to the customer and provide the customer with the official test results, specifically in accordance with ISO/IEC 17025:2017, which the
customer can later use in order to apply for the required marketing clearance of its end-user product. 

Since
we are seeking to sell our products to customers in the aviation sector, we have completed the process of implementing the AS9100D Standard
to comply with aerospace industry requirements. 

As
a U.S. company with foreign offices, we are subject to a variety of foreign laws governing our foreign operations, as well as U.S. laws
that restrict trade and certain practices, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 

9 

Israeli
Government Programs 

As
a result of certain agreements between Medigus and ScoutCam Ltd. (for additional information about these agreements refer to 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE below) the Israel Innovation Authority, or the
IIA, approved a transfer of IIA know-how developed by Medigus in the framework of the Bio Medical Photonic Consortium, or the Medigus
Consortium, to ScoutCam Ltd. 

Accordingly,
all rights and obligations with regard to the IIA under the Encouragement of Research, Development and Technological Innovation in the
Industry Law, 5744-1984, or the Innovation Law, in connection with such know-how now apply to ScoutCam Ltd. 

The
following are details regarding the rights and obligations within the framework of ScoutCam Ltd. s activity in the Medigus Consortium,
which continue to apply to ScoutCam Ltd. notwithstanding the termination of the Medigus Consortium: 

(i) 
 The
 property rights to information which has been developed belongs to the Medigus Consortium member that developed it. However, the
 developing entity is obligated to provide the other members in the Medigus Consortium a license for the use of the new information,
 without consideration, provided that the other members do not transfer such information to any entity which is not a member of the
 Medigus Consortium. The provision of a license or of the right to use the new information to a third party is subject to approval
 by the administration of the MAGNET Program at the IIA; 

(ii) 
 The
 Medigus Consortium member is entitled to register a patent for the new information which has been developed by it within the framework
 of its activity in the Medigus Consortium. The foregoing registration does not require approval from the administration of the MAGNET
 Program at the IIA; and 

(iii) 
 The
 know-how and technology developed under the program is subject to the restrictions set forth under the Innovation Law, including
 restrictions on the transfer of such know-how and any manufacturing rights with respect thereto, without first obtaining the approval
 of the IIA. Such approval may entail additional payments to the IIA, as determined under the Innovation Law and regulations. 

Obligations
relevant to us under the Innovation Law include the following: 

Local
 Manufacturing Obligation. The terms of the grants under the Innovation Law require that we
 manufacture the products developed with these grants in Israel. Under the regulations promulgated
 under the Innovation Law, the products may be manufactured outside Israel by us or by another
 entity only if prior approval is received from the IIA (such approval is not required for
 the transfer of less than 10 of the manufacturing capacity in the aggregate, in which case
 a notice should be provided to the IIA). In general, due to manufacturing outside Israel,
 with respect to royalties bearing grants we would be required to pay royalties at an increased
 rate, usually 1 in addition to the standard rate and increased royalties cap (between 120 
 and 300 of the grants, depending on the manufacturing volume that is performed outside Israel). 

Know-How
 Transfer Limitation. The Innovation Law restricts the ability to transfer, in any manner,
 know-how funded directly or indirectly by the IIA (sale of products is not prohibited), unless
 the IIA approves doing so and subject to the terms of the Innovation Law and of the IIA s
 approval. 
 
 Among
 other things, transfer of IIA funded know-how outside of Israel requires prior approval of IIA and in certain circumstances is subject
 to certain payments to the IIA, calculated according to a formula provided under the Innovation Law. If we wish to transfer IIA funded
 know-how outside of Israel, the terms for approval will be determined according to the character of the transaction and the consideration
 paid to us for such transfer. The IIA approval to transfer know-how created, in whole or in part, in connection with a IIA-funded
 project to third party outside Israel where the transferring company remains an operating Israeli entity is subject to payment of
 a redemption fee to the IIA calculated according to a formula provided under the Innovation Law that is based, in general, on the
 ratio between the aggregate IIA grants to the company s aggregate investments in the project that was funded by these IIA grants,
 multiplied by the transaction consideration, considering statutory depreciation and less royalties already paid to the IIA. The transfer
 of such know-how to a party outside Israel where the transferring company ceases to exist as an Israeli entity is subject to a redemption
 fee formula that is based, in general, on the ratio between aggregate IIA grants received by the company and the company s
 aggregate research and development expenses, multiplied by the transaction consideration considering statutory depreciation and less
 royalties already paid to the IIA. 

10 

The regulations promulgated
 under the Innovation Law establish a maximum payment of the redemption fee paid to the IIA under the above mentioned formulas and
 differentiates between two situations: (i) in the event that the company transfers its IIA funded know-how, in whole or in part,
 or is sold as part of an M A transaction, and subsequently ceases to conduct business in Israel, the maximum redemption fee under
 the above mentioned formulas will be no more than six times the amount received (plus annual interest) for the applicable know-how
 being transferred, or the entire amount received from the IIA, as applicable; (ii) in the event that following the transactions described
 above (e.g. asset sale of IIA funded know-how or transfer as part of an M A transaction) the company continues to conduct its
 research and development activity in Israel (for at least three years following such transfer and maintain staff of at least 75 
 of the number of research and development employees it had for the six months before the know-how was transferred and keeps the same
 scope of employment for such research and development staff), then the company is eligible for a reduced cap of the redemption fee
 of no more than three times the amounts received (plus annual interest) for the applicable know-how being transferred. In addition,
 special rules and payment formulas apply for certain kinds of transfers of know-how outside of Israel, such as R D licenses.
 Transfer of IIA-funded know-how outside of Israel not according to the R D Law may give rise to financial exposure as well as
 criminal liability. 

Approval of the transfer
 of IIA funded technology to another Israeli company may be granted only if the recipient assumes and abides by the provisions of
 the Innovation Law and related regulations, including the restrictions on the transfer of know-how and manufacturing rights outside
 of Israel (in addition, there will be an obligation to pay royalties to the IIA from the income of such sale transaction as part
 of the royalty payment obligation). 

Approval to manufacture
 products outside of Israel or consent to the transfer of technology, if requested, might not be granted. Furthermore, the IIA may
 impose certain conditions on any arrangement under which it permits ScoutCam Ltd. to transfer technology or development out of Israel. 

item
1a. risk factors 

Risk
Factor Summary 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in the Company speculative or risky. This summary does not address all
of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can
be found below, after this summary, and should be carefully considered. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Operations and Financial Condition 

We
 have had a limited operating history and may not be able to successfully operate our business or execute our business plan. 

If
 we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into successful relationships with business targets
 and third parties to perform these services, we may not be successful in commercializing our products and technology. 

We
 may require substantial additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Our
 failure to effectively manage growth could impair our business. 

Our
 commercial success depends upon the degree of market acceptance by prospective markets and industries. 

Weakened
 global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations. 

The
 continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and the duration and extent to which
 this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. 

11 

Risk
Related to Third Parties 

Our
 reliance on third-party suppliers for most of the components of our products, including miniature video sensors could harm our ability
 to meet demand for our products in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

We
 may not be able to manage our strategic partners. 

We
 may not have sufficient manufacturing capabilities to satisfy any growing demand for our products. We may be unable to control the
 availability or cost of producing such products. 

Risks
Related to Competition 

We
 expect to face some competition possibly from our customer. If we cannot successfully compete there might be adverse effect on the
 company. 

Failure
 to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

We
 may not be able to obtain all possible patents or other intellectual property rights necessary
 to protect our proprietary technology and business. 

We
 may not be successful in enforcing our intellectual property rights against third parties. 

We
 may be subject to infringement claims and other litigation, which could adversely affect our business. 

Governmental
 regulation of non-practicing patent holders may adversely affect our business. 

General
Risk Factors Related to Our Business 

Our
 business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks, or deficiencies in our cyber-security. 

We
 may be subject to product liability claims, product actions, including product recalls, and other field or regulatory actions that
 could be expensive, divert management s attention, and harm our business. 

Testing
 of our technologies potential applications for our products will be required and there is no assurance of regulatory approval. 

We
 rely on highly skilled personnel, and, if we are unable to attract, retain, or motivate qualified personnel, we may not be able to
 operate our business effectively. 

Risks
Related to this Offering and Our Common Stock 

Although
 we have filed an application to list our securities on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that our securities will be so listed or,
 if listed, that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards. 

Trading
 on the OTC Markets is volatile, sporadic and often thin, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult
 for our stockholders to resell their common stock. 

Nevada
 law and provisions in our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender
 offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. 

The
 market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and such volatility could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Because
 our common stock may be deemed a penny stock, it may be more difficult for investors to sell shares of our common stock,
 and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Compliance
 with the reporting requirements of federal securities laws can be expensive. 

Our
 investors ownership in the Company may be diluted in the future. 

Directors,
 executive officers, principal stockholders, and affiliated entities own a significant percentage of our capital stock, and they may
 make decisions that our stockholders do not consider to be in their best interests. 

We
 do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

12 

Risks
Related to our Operations in Israel 

We
 are subject to the risks of political, economic, health, and military instability in countries outside the United States in which
 we operate. 

Political,
 economic and military instability in Israel may impede our ability to operate and harm our financial results. 

It
 may be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce any judgments obtained against us or some of our directors or officers. 

Exchange
 rate fluctuations between foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar may negatively affect our earnings. 

Certain
 technology developed and used by us received Israeli government grants for certain research and development activities. The terms
 of those grants require us to satisfy specified conditions in addition to repayment of the grants upon certain events. 

We
 may become subject to claims for remuneration or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our employees, which could result
 in litigation and adversely affect our business. 

Certain
factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider
the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections
titled Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of
the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, strategies, prospects, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. In such case, the market price of our common stock could decline. Our business, prospects, financial condition, or results
of operations could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Operations and Financial Condition 

We
have had a limited operating history and may not be able to successfully operate our business or execute our business plan. 

Given
our limited operating history, it is hard to evaluate our proposed business and prospects. Our proposed business operations will be subject
to numerous risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties associated with early-stage enterprises. Such risks include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

the
 absence of a lengthy operating history; 

potential for ongoing operating losses; 

operating
 in multiple currencies; 

our
 ability to anticipate and adapt to a developing market(s); 

acceptance
 of our products by the medical and industrial (I4.0) markets and consumers; 

introducing
 innovation to conservative industries; 

development
 risks and implementation of new software and algorithm for AI and cloud utilization; 

insufficient
 capital to fully realize our operating plan; 

a
 competitive environment; 

the
 ability to identify, attract, and retain qualified personnel; and 

operating
 in an environment that is highly regulated by a number of agencies. 

Because
we are subject to these risks, evaluating our business may be difficult, our business strategy may be unsuccessful and we may be unable
to address such risks in a cost-effective manner, if at all. We have not earned a profit in any full fiscal year since our inception,
and we cannot be certain as to when or if we will achieve or maintain profitability. If we are unable to successfully address these risks
our business could be harmed. 

13 

If
we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into successful relationships with business targets
and third parties to perform these services, we may not be successful in commercializing our products and technology. 

Given
that we are currently as a B2B company, our business is reliant on our ability to successfully attract potential business targets. Furthermore,
we have a limited sales and marketing infrastructure and have limited experience in the sale, marketing, or distribution of our technologies
beyond the B2B model. To achieve commercial success for our technologies or any future developed product, we will need to establish a
sales and marketing infrastructure or to out-license such future products. 

In
the future, we may consider building a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to market any developed products and potentially other
products in the United States or elsewhere in the world. There are risks involved with establishing our own sales, marketing, and distribution
capabilities. For example, recruiting and training a sales force could be expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch.
This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. 

Factors
that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize any future products on our own include: 

we
 have not recruited adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the
 challenge of sales personnel to obtain access to potential customers; 

the
 lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel or lack of product-market fit, which may put us at a competitive
 disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen
 costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

If
we are unable to establish our own sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities or enter into successful arrangements with third parties
to perform these services, we will not be successful in commercializing our technologies or any future products we may develop and our
revenues and profitability may be materially adversely affected. 

We
may require substantial additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Our
cash and short-term deposit balance as of December 31, 2022 was 13.1 million. We may require additional funding to fund and grow our
operations and to develop certain products. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable
to us, if at all. In the event we required additional capital, the inability to obtain such capital will restrict our ability to grow
and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. If we require and are unable to obtain additional financing, we
will likely be required to curtail our development plans. In that event, current stockholders would likely experience a loss of most
or all of their investment. Additional funding that we do obtain may be dilutive to the interests of existing stockholders. 

Our
failure to effectively manage growth could impair our business. 

Our
business strategy contemplates a period of rapid growth which may put a strain on our administrative and operational resources, and our
funding requirements. Our ability to effectively manage growth will require us to successfully expand the capabilities of our operational
and management systems, and to attract, train, manage, and retain qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to do so, particularly if losses continue and we are unable to obtain sufficient financing. If we are unable to appropriately manage
growth, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

14 

Our
commercial success depends upon the degree of market acceptance by such prospective markets and industries as defense and aviation, as
well as by the medical community. 

Our
current business model is that of a B2B approach in which we seek to identify target businesses interested in integrating our technology or commissioning individual projects using our technology. Any product that we commission or that is brought to the market may or may
not gain market acceptance by prospective customers. The commercial success of our technologies, commissioned products, and any future
product that we may develop depends in part on the medical community as well as other industries for various use cases, depending on
the acceptance by such industries of our commissioned products as a useful and cost-effective solution compared to current technologies.
During 2022, we commenced proactive market penetration into industries other than the biomedical sector, such as the defense and aviation
industries. If our technology or any future product that we may develop does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, or does not
garner significant commercial appeal, we may not generate significant revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance
will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the
 cost, safety, efficacy/performance, perceived value and convenience of our technology and any commissioned product and any future
 product that we may develop in relation to alternative products; 

the
 ability of third parties to enter into relationships with us; 

the
 effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts; 

the
 strength of marketing and distribution support for, and timing of market introduction of, competing technology and products; and 

publicity
 concerning our technology or commissioned products or competing technology and products. 

Our
efforts to penetrate industries and educate the marketplace on the benefits of our technology, and reasons to seek the commissioning
of products based on our technology, may require significant resources and may never be successful. Such efforts to educate the marketplace
may require more resources than are required by conventional technologies. 

Weakened
global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Global financial developments and downturns seemingly unrelated
to us or may harm us. The United States and other key international economies have been affected from time to time by falling demand
for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, reduced liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity
and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies, inflation and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy, including with respect to
tariff and trade issues. Weak economic conditions or the perception thereof, or significant uncertainty regarding the stability of financial
markets related to stock market volatility, inflation, recession, changes in tariffs, trade agreements, or governmental fiscal, monetary
and tax policies, among others, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 

More
recently, inflation rates in the U.S. have been higher than in previous years, which may result in decreased demand for our products
and services, increases in our operating costs including our labor costs, constrained credit and liquidity, reduced government spending
and volatility in financial markets. The Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns over
inflation risk. Increases in interest rates on credit and debt that would increase the cost of any borrowing that we may make from time
to time and could impact our ability to access the capital markets. Increases in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government
spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks.
In an inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the sales prices of our products at or above the rate at which our costs increase,
which could reduce our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and net income. We also may experience
lower than expected sales and potential adverse impacts on our competitive position if there is a decrease in consumer spending or a
negative reaction to our pricing. A reduction in our revenue would be detrimental to our profitability and financial condition and could
also have an adverse impact on our future growth. 

15 

The
continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and the duration and extent to which this
will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic ultimately impacts our business
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as the duration of future outbreaks, including
current and subsequent variants of COVID-19, travel restrictions and social distancing in Israel, the United States and other countries,
business closures or business disruptions, and the effectiveness of actions taken in Israel, the United States and other countries to
contain and treat the disease and to address its impact, including on financial markets or otherwise. These measures have impacted, and
may further impact, our suppliers and other business partners from conducting business activities as usual (including, without limitation,
the availability and pricing of materials, manufacturing and delivery efforts, clinical trials and other aspects that may affect our business)
for an unknown period of time. In addition, we, our suppliers and other business partners may experience significant impairments of business
activities due to operational shutdowns or suspensions that may be requested or mandated by national or local governmental authorities
or self-imposed by us, our suppliers or other business partners. 

Risk
Related to Third Parties 

Our
reliance on third-party suppliers for most of the components of our products could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in
a timely and cost-effective manner. 

We
rely on our third-party suppliers to obtain an adequate supply of quality components on a timely basis with favorable terms to manufacture
our commissioned products. Some of those components that we sell are provided to us by a limited number of suppliers. We will be subject
to disruptions in our operations if our sole or limited supply contract manufacturers decrease or stop production of components or do
not produce components and products of sufficient quantity or quality. Alternative sources for our components will not always be available. 

Though
we attempt to ensure the availability of more than one supplier for each important component in any product that we commission, the number
of suppliers engaged in the provision of miniature video sensors which are suitable for our CMOS technology mainly in the medical domain
is very limited, and therefore in some cases we engage with a single supplier, which may result in our dependency on such supplier. This
is the case regarding sensors for the CMOS type technology that are produced by a single supplier in the United States. As we do not
have a direct general contract in place with this supplier, there is no contractual commitment on the part of such supplier for any set
quantity of such sensors. The loss of our sole supplier in providing us with miniature sensors for our CMOS technology products mainly
in the medical domain, and our inability or delay in finding a suitable replacement supplier, could negatively affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and reputation. 

We
are also subject to other risks inherent in the manufacturing of our products and their supply chain, including industrial accidents,
natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), environmental events, strikes, and other labor disputes, capacity constraints,
disruptions in material or packaging supplies, as well as global shortages, disruptions in supply chain or information technology, loss
or impairment of key manufacturing sites or suppliers, product quality control, safety, increase in commodity prices and energy costs,
licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as other external factors over which we have no control. If such an event
were to occur, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
addition, if we cannot supply commissioned products or future potentially developed products due to a lack of components or are unable
to utilize other components in a timely manner, our business will be significantly harmed. If inventory shortages occur, they could be
expected to have a material and adverse effect on our future revenues and ability to effectively project future sales and operating results. 

16 

We
may not be able to manage our strategic partners effectively. 

We
have entered into, and we may continue to enter into, strategic alliances with third parties to gain access to new and innovative technologies
and markets. These parties are often large, established companies. Negotiating and performing under these arrangements involves significant
time and expense, and we may not have sufficient resources to devote to our strategic alliances, particularly those with companies that
have significantly greater financial and other resources than we do. The anticipated benefits of these arrangements may never materialize
and performing under these arrangements may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Failure
to manage our current partners effectively or enter into new strategic alliances may affect our success in executing our business plan
and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operation. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of
any or all partnerships or may not realize them in the time frame expected. 

We
may not have sufficient manufacturing capabilities to satisfy any growing demand for our commissioned products. We may be unable to control
the availability or cost of producing such products. 

Our
current manufacturing capabilities may not reach the required production levels necessary in order to meet growing demands for any products
we may commission or future products we may develop. There can be no assurance that our commissioned products can be manufactured at
our desired commercial quantities, in compliance with our requirements, and at an acceptable cost. Any such failure could delay or prevent
us from shipping said products and marketing our technologies in accordance with our target growth strategies. 

Risks
Related to Competition 

We
expect to face competition. If we cannot successfully compete with new or existing technologies or future developed products, our marketing
and sales will suffer and we may never be profitable. 

We
expect to compete against existing technologies and proven products in different industries. In addition, some of these competitors,
either alone or together with their collaborative partners, operate larger research and development programs than we do, and may have
substantially greater financial resources than we do, as well as significantly greater experience in obtaining regulatory approvals applicable
to the commercialization of relevant competitive technologies and future products. 

Failure
to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, Chapter 9 (sub-chapter 5) of the Israeli Penal Law, 5737-1977, and
the Israeli Prohibition on Money Laundering Law, 5760-2000, collectively, the Israeli Anti-Corruption Laws, and the UK Bribery Act 2010,
or UK Bribery Act, and other anticorruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business,
both domestic and abroad. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees from improperly influencing government officials or commercial
parties in order to obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or gain any advantage. The FCPA, the Israeli Anti-Corruption
Laws, the UK Bribery Act, and other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws also may hold us liable for acts of corruption and
bribery committed by our third-party business partners, representatives and agents. In addition, we leverage third parties to sell our
products and conduct our business abroad. We and our third-party business partners, representatives and agents may have direct or indirect
interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for
the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party business partners and intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors,
channel partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. These laws also require that we keep accurate books
and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and
procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees and agents will not take actions in violation
of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible and our exposure for violating these laws increases
as our international presence is established and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Any violation of the FCPA,
the Israeli Anti-Corruption Laws, the UK Bribery Act, or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering
laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees, loss of
export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion
of management s attention, a decline in the market price of our common stock or overall adverse consequences to our reputation
and business, all of which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

17 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

We
may not be able to obtain patents or other intellectual property rights necessary to protect our proprietary technology and business. 

We
may seek to patent concepts, components, processes, designs and methods, and other inventions and technologies that we consider to have
commercial value or that will likely give us a technological advantage. Despite devoting resources to the research and development of
proprietary technology, we may not be able to develop technology that is patentable or protectable. Patents may not be issued in connection
with pending patent applications, and claims allowed may not be sufficient to allow them to use the inventions that they create exclusively.
Furthermore, any patents issued could be challenged, re-examined, held invalid or unenforceable, or circumvented and may not provide
sufficient protection or a competitive advantage. In addition, despite efforts to protect and maintain patents, competitors and other
third parties may be able to design around their patents or develop products similar to our work products that are not within the scope
of their patents. Finally, patents provide certain statutory protection only for a limited period of time that varies depending on the
jurisdiction and type of patent. 

Prosecution
and protection of the rights sought in patent applications and patents can be costly, lengthy, and uncertain, often involve complex legal
and factual issues, and consume significant time and resources. In addition, the breadth of claims allowed in our patents, their enforceability,
and our ability to protect and maintain them cannot be predicted with any certainty. The laws of certain countries may not protect intellectual
property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Even if our patents are held to be valid and enforceable in a certain
jurisdiction, any legal proceedings that we may initiate against third parties to enforce such patents will likely be expensive, take
significant time, and divert management s attention from other business matters. We cannot assure that any of our issued patents
or pending patent applications provide any protectable, maintainable, or enforceable rights or competitive advantages to us. 

In
addition to patents, we plan to rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other related laws and confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions to protect, maintain, and enforce our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights in
the United States and other countries. However, our ability to protect our brands by registering certain trademarks may be limited. In
addition, while we will generally enter into confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with our employees, consultants, contract manufacturers,
distributors and resellers, and with others to attempt to limit access to and distribution of our proprietary and confidential information,
it is possible that: 

misappropriation
 of our proprietary and confidential information, including technology, will nevertheless occur; 

our
 confidentiality agreements will not be honored or may be rendered unenforceable; 

third
 parties will independently develop equivalent, superior, or competitive technology or products; 

disputes
 will arise with our current or future strategic licensees, customers, or others concerning the ownership, validity, enforceability,
 use, patentability, or registrability of intellectual property; or 

unauthorized
 disclosure of our know-how, trade secrets, or other proprietary or confidential information will occur. 

We
may not be successful in enforcing our intellectual property rights against third parties. 

Unlicensed
copying and use of our intellectual property or infringement of our intellectual property rights may result in the loss of revenue to
us and cause us other harm. We seek diligently to enforce our intellectual property rights. Although we devote significant resources
to developing and protecting our technologies, and evaluating potential competitors of our technologies for infringement of our intellectual
property rights, these infringements may nonetheless go undetected or may arise in the future. In the ordinary course of business, we
encounter companies that we suspect are infringing on our intellectual property rights. When we encounter a company that we suspect is
infringing our intellectual property rights, we may try to analyze their products and/or try to negotiate a license arrangement with
such party. If we try and are unable to negotiate a license or secure the agreement of such alleged infringing party to cease its activities,
we must make decisions as to how best to enforce our intellectual property rights. 

18 

The
process of negotiating a license with a third party can be lengthy, and may take months or even years in some circumstances. Even if
we are successful in securing a license agreement, there can be no assurance that our technologies will be used in a product that is
ultimately brought to market, achieves commercial acceptance or results in significant royalties to us. We generally incur expense prior
to entering into our license agreements, generating a license fee, and establishing a royalty stream from each customer. We may incur
costs in any particular period before any associated revenue stream begins, if at all. Further, it is possible that third parties who
we believe are infringing our intellectual property rights are unwilling to license our intellectual property from us on terms we can
accept, or at all. 

If
we cannot persuade a third party who we believe is infringing our technology to enter into a license with us, we may be required to consider
other alternatives to enforce our rights, including commencing litigation. The decision to commence litigation over infringement of a
patent is complex and may lead to several risks to us, including the following, among others: 

the
 time, significant expense and distraction to management of managing such litigation; 

the
 uncertainty of litigation and its potential outcomes; 

the
 possibility that in the course of such litigation, the defendant may challenge the validity of our patents, which could result in
 a re-examination or post grant review of our patents and the possibility that our patents may be limited in scope or invalidated
 altogether; 

the
 potential that the defendant may successfully persuade a court that their technology or products do not infringe our intellectual
 property rights; 

the
 impact of such litigation on other licensing relationships we have or seek to establish, including the timing of renewing or entering
 into such relationships, as applicable, as well as the terms of such relationships; and 

adverse
 publicity to us or harm to relationships we have with customers or others. 

Also,
enforcement of patent protection throughout the world is generally established on a country-by-country basis and we may not have as much
success enforcing our patents in foreign jurisdictions as in the United States. Further, in some instances, certain foreign governmental
entities that might infringe our intellectual property rights may enjoy sovereign immunity from such claims. Consequently, effective
protection of our intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited. 

Defendants
in any litigation we consider commencing may have substantially greater financial and management resources necessary to manage litigation
than we have. Further, such potential defendants may also have their own substantial patent portfolio. Patent litigation can endure for
years and result in millions of dollars of expenses. If our counterparties in such litigation have substantially greater resources than
we have, we may not be able to withstand the time, expense, or distraction of the litigation, even though we may have a better litigation
position than such counterparties. In such instances we may not recover the expenses of litigation, and we may be required to enter into
settlement agreements that would be adverse to us or our intellectual property portfolio. 

The
foregoing and other factors may cause us not to file or continue litigation against alleged infringers of our intellectual property rights,
or may cause us not to file for, or pursue, patent protection for our inventive technology, in certain jurisdictions. Our failure to
seek to enforce our intellectual property rights may weaken our ability to enforce our intellectual property in the future or make our
efforts to license our intellectual property rights more difficult. 

If
we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, if there are adverse changes in applicable laws, or if we become involved
in litigation relating to our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others, our business could be seriously
harmed. In such cases, the value ascribed to our intellectual property could diminish, we may incur significant legal expenses that could
harm our results of operations, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may be limited or invalidated. Any of the foregoing
could have a negative effect on the value of our common stock. 

19 

We
may be subject to infringement claims and other litigation, which could adversely affect our business. 

As
more companies engage in business activities relating to predictive maintenance solutions, and develop corresponding intellectual property
rights, it is increasingly likely that claims may arise which assert that some of our products or services infringe upon other parties 
intellectual property rights. These claims could subject us to costly litigation and divert management resources. These claims may require
us to pay significant damages, cease production of infringing products, terminate our use of infringing technology, or develop non-infringing
technologies. In these circumstances, continued use of our technology may require that we acquire licenses to the intellectual property
that is the subject of the alleged infringement, and we might not be able to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms or
at all. Our use of protected technology may result in liability that could threaten our continued operation. 

Some
of the contracts with our customers include indemnity and similar provisions regarding our non-infringement of third-party intellectual
property rights. As deployment of our technology increases, and more companies enter our markets, the likelihood of a third party lawsuit
resulting from these provisions increases. If an infringement arose in a context governed by such a contract, we may have to refund to
our customer amounts already paid to us or pay significant damages, or we may be sued by the party whose intellectual property has allegedly
been infringed upon. 

Governmental
regulation of non-practicing patent holders may adversely affect our business. 

Governmental
policymakers and commercial participants have proposed reforming U.S. patent laws and regulations in a manner that may limit a patent-holder s
ability to enforce its patents against others to the extent that the holder is not practicing the subject matter of the patent at issue.
The U.S. International Trade Commission has also recently taken certain actions that have been viewed as unfavorable to patentees seeking
recourse in this forum. While we cannot predict what form any new patent reform laws or regulations may ultimately take, or what impact
they may have on our business, any laws or regulations that restrict our ability to enforce our patent rights against third parties could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

General
Risk Factors Related to Our Business 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks, or deficiencies in our cyber-security. 

Security
incidents involving our information technology systems and those of third parties on which we rely have occurred in the past, such as
phishing attacks, although none of these incidents have been material to our business. Such security incidents may occur in the future.
Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable
to damage from computer viruses, malware, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks
or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside
our organization. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer
hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted
attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations,
it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. To the extent that any disruption or security breach was
to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information,
we could incur material legal claims and liability, and damage to our reputation, and the further development of our product candidates
could be delayed. We face an increasingly difficult challenge to attract and retain highly qualified security personnel to assist us
in combatting these security threats. 

We
may be subject to product liability claims, product actions, including product recalls, and other field or regulatory actions that could
be expensive, divert management s attention, and harm our business. 

Our
business exposes us to potential liability risks, product actions, and other field or regulatory actions that are inherent in the manufacturing,
marketing and sale of medical device, or any other products that we may have commissioned for a target business. We may be held liable
if such products cause injury or death or are found otherwise unsuitable or defective during usage. Our products incorporate mechanical
and electrical parts, complex computer software, and other sophisticated components, any of which can contain errors or failures. Complex
computer software is particularly vulnerable to errors and failures, especially when first introduced. In addition, new products or enhancements
to our existing products may contain undetected errors or performance problems that, despite testing, are discovered only after installation. 

If
any of our commissioned products are defective, whether due to design or manufacturing defects, improper use of the product, or other
reasons, we may voluntarily or involuntarily undertake an action to remove, repair, or replace the product at our expense. In some circumstances
we will be required to notify regulatory authorities of an action pursuant to a product failure. 

20 

Testing
of our technologies potential applications for our products will be required and there is no assurance of regulatory approval. 

The
effect of government regulation and the need for compliance may delay marketing of our technologies and future potentially developed
products for a considerable period of time, impose costly procedures upon our activities, and provide an advantage to larger companies
that compete with us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve regulatory compliance for any of our products. Any such
delay in achieving such regulatory compliance would materially and adversely affect the marketing of any contemplated products and the
ability to earn product revenue. Further, regulation of manufacturing facilities by state, local, and other authorities is subject to
change. Any additional regulation could result in limitations or restrictions on our ability to utilize any of our technologies, thereby
adversely affecting our operations. Various federal and foreign statutes and regulations also govern or influence the manufacturing,
safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, and marketing of our products. The process of compliance with relevant U.S. and foreign statutes
and regulations are time-consuming and require the expenditure of substantial resources. In addition, these requirements and processes
vary widely from country to country. 

We
rely on highly skilled personnel as a result of the high-tech applications we utilize, and if we are unable to attract, retain, or motivate
qualified personnel, we may not be able to operate our business effectively. 

Our
success depends in large part on continued employment of senior management and key personnel who can effectively operate our business,
as well as our ability to attract and retain skilled employees. Competition for highly skilled management, technical, research and development,
and other employees is intense and we may not be able to attract or retain highly qualified personnel in the future. Our long-term incentive
programs may not be attractive enough or perform sufficiently to attract or retain qualified personnel. 

If
a significant portion of our employees leaves us, we might fail to effectively manage a transition to new personnel, or if we fail to
attract and retain qualified and experienced professionals on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

Further,
the volatility of our stock price may make our equity compensation less attractive to current and potential employees. 

Our
success also depends on our having highly trained financial, technical, R D, sales, and marketing personnel. We will need to continue
to hire additional personnel as our business grows. A shortage in the number of people with these skills or our failure to attract them
to our company could impede our ability to increase revenues from our existing technology and services, ensure full compliance with international
and federal regulations, or launch new product offerings and would have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

We
may be unable to keep pace with changes in technology as our business and market strategy evolves. 

We
will need to respond to technological advances in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to remain competitive. The need to respond
to technological changes may require us to make substantial, unanticipated expenditures. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to respond successfully to technological change. 

21 

Risks
Related to this Offering and Our Common Stock 

Although
we have filed an application to list our securities on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that our securities will be so listed or, if
listed, that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards. 

In
June 2021 we filed a comprehensive listing application package with The Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, to request an uplisting of the
Company s common stock. Nasdaq has not approved our application, and there can be no assurance that Nasdaq will approve us for
listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and, even if our securities are listed, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain such
listing. In addition, if after listing, Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the continued
listing standards, we and our shareholders could face significant material adverse consequences including a limited availability of market
quotations for our common stock, confirmation that our stock is penny stock and subject to increased regulations, and a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Trading
on the OTC Markets is volatile, sporadic and often thin, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult
for our stockholders to resell their common stock. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets. Trading in securities quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin
and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors, some of which may have little to do with our operations
or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance.
Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than the trading
of securities listed on a stock exchange like NASDAQ or the NYSE. Our common stock has a history of thin trading. During the 52-week
period ended December 31, 2022, trades were only reported on 37 trading days. These factors may result in investors having difficulty
reselling any shares of our common stock . 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our articles and bylaws, as well as provisions of Nevada law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

 Our
amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws currently contain provisions that, together with Nevada law, could have the
effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Our corporate governance
documents presently include provisions such as providing for a staggered board of directors in which only one-third (1/3)
of the directors can be elected in any year, and limiting the liability of, and providing indemnifications to, our directors and officers.
These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of our company or changes in our management. 

As
a Nevada corporation, we may also become subject to the provisions of Nevada Revised Statutes Sections 78.378 through 78.3793, which
prohibit an acquirer, under certain circumstances, from voting shares of a corporation s stock after crossing specific threshold
ownership percentages, unless the acquirer obtains the approval of the stockholders of the issuer corporation. The first such threshold
is the acquisition of at least one-fifth, but less than one-third of the outstanding voting power of the issuer. We may become subject
to the above referenced Statutes if we have 200 or more stockholders of record, at least 100 of whom are residents of the State of Nevada
and do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. 

Any
provision of our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our bylaws or Nevada law that has the effect of delaying or deterring
a change in control of our company could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common
stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

The
market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and such volatility could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, such
as: 

the
 announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

developments
 concerning intellectual property rights; 

22 

changes
 in legal, regulatory, and enforcement frameworks impacting our technology or the application of our technology; 

variations
 in our and our competitors results of operations; 

fluctuations
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if our common stock is covered by analysts; 

the
 results of product liability or intellectual property lawsuits; 

future
 issuances of common stock or other securities; 

the
 addition or departure of key personnel; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; 

current
 or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events; 

sanctions
 imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also adversely
 impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by affected countries and others could exacerbate
 market and economic instability; and 

general
 market conditions and other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In
addition, the stock market has experienced significant volatility, particularly with respect to pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other
life sciences company stocks. The volatility of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other life sciences company stocks often does not relate
to the operating performance of the companies represented by the stock. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been
initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial
costs and divert our management s attention and resources, and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments
or to settle litigation. 

Because
our common stock may be deemed a penny stock, it may be more difficult for investors to sell shares of our common stock,
and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Our
common stock may be a penny stock if, among other things, the stock price is below 5.00 per share, it is not listed on
a national securities exchange, or it has not met certain net tangible asset or average revenue requirements. Broker-dealers who sell
penny stocks must provide purchasers of these stocks with a standardized risk-disclosure document prepared by the SEC. This risk-disclosure
document provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks involved in investing in the penny-stock market. A
broker must also give a purchaser, orally or in writing, bid and offer quotations and information regarding broker and salesperson compensation,
make a written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and obtain the purchaser s written
agreement to the purchase. Broker-dealers must also provide customers that hold penny stock in their accounts with such broker-dealer
a monthly statement containing price and market information relating to the penny stock. If a penny stock is sold to an investor in violation
of the penny stock rules, the investor may be able to cancel its purchase and get their money back. 

If
applicable, the penny stock rules may make it difficult for stockholders to sell their shares of our common stock. Because of the rules
and restrictions applicable to a penny stock, there is less trading in penny stocks and the market price of our common stock may be adversely
affected. Also, many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. Accordingly, stockholders may not always be able
to resell their shares of our common stock publicly at times and prices that they feel are appropriate. 

23 

Compliance
with the reporting requirements of federal securities laws can be expensive. 

We
are a public reporting company in the United States, and accordingly, subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and other federal securities laws. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports and other information
with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders are substantial. Failure to comply with the applicable securities laws could
result in private or governmental legal action against us or our officers and directors, which could have a detrimental impact on our
business and financials, the value of our stock, and the ability of stockholders to resell their stock. 

Our
investors ownership in the Company may be diluted in the future. 

In
the future, we may issue additional authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of ownership interests
of our present stockholders. We have in the past and may continue to issue a substantial number of shares of common stock or other securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with capital raising activity, hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions,
raising additional capital in the future to fund our operations, and other business purposes. We expect to authorize in the future a
substantial number of shares of our common stock for issuance under a stock option or similar plan, and may issue equity awards to management,
employees and other eligible persons. Additional shares of common stock issued by us in the future will dilute an investor s investment
in the Company. In addition, we may seek stockholder approval to increase the amount of the Company s authorized stock, which would
create the potential for further dilution of current investors. 

Directors,
executive officers, principal stockholders, and affiliated entities own a significant percentage of our capital stock, and they may make
decisions that our stockholders do not consider to be in their best interests. 

As of March 28, 2023, our directors,
executive officers, principal stockholders, and affiliated entities may be deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately
84.40 of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, if some or all of such parties acted together, they would have the ability
to exert substantial influence over the election of our board of directors and the outcome of issues requiring approval by our stockholders.
This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company that may be favored
by other stockholders. This could prevent transactions in which stockholders might otherwise recover a premium for their shares over current
market prices. This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision-making could also harm the price of our
capital stock by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares of our capital stock (whether by
making a tender offer or otherwise) or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you
should not rely on an investment in our common stock as a source for any future dividend income. Our board of directors has complete
discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount,
and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus,
the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiary, our financial condition, contractual restrictions, and other
factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

Risks
Related to our Operations in Israel 

We
are subject to the risks of political, economic, health, and military instability in countries outside the United States in which we
operate. 

Some
of our products are produced in Israel, India, China, and other countries which are particularly subject to risks of political, economic,
health, and military instability. This instability could result in wars, riots, nationalization of industry, currency fluctuations, and
labor unrest or unavailability. These conditions could have an adverse impact on our ability to manufacture, ship, and operate in these
regions and, depending on the extent and severity of these conditions, could result in a reduction in customer orders and sales to certain
regions and end-markets and materially and adversely affect our overall financial condition and operating results. We have principal
manufacturing facilities and operations located in Israel. Accordingly, our business will be directly influenced by the political, economic
and military conditions affecting Israel at any given time. 

24 

Political,
economic and military instability in Israel may impede our ability to operate and harm our financial results. 

Our
offices and management team are located in Israel. Accordingly, political, economic, and military conditions in Israel and the surrounding
region may directly affect our business and operations. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts
have occurred between Israel and its neighboring countries. We have never experienced any material interruption in our operations attributable
to these factors, in spite of several Middle East crises, including wars. A change in the security and political situation in Israel
and in the economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

In
recent years, Israel has been subject to certain political instability and increased number of elections were held. Actual or perceived
political instability in Israel or any negative changes in the political environment, may individually or in the aggregate adversely
affect the Israeli economy and, in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Israel is still
engaged in sporadic armed conflicts with Hamas, an Islamist terrorist group that controls the Gaza Strip, with Hezbollah, an Islamist
terrorist group that controls large portions of southern Lebanon, and with Iranian-backed military forces in Syria. In addition, Iran
has threatened to attack Israel and may be developing nuclear weapons. Some of these hostilities were accompanied by missiles being fired
from the Gaza Strip against civilian targets in various parts of Israel, including areas in which our employees and some of our consultants
are located, and negatively affected business conditions in Israel. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment
of trade between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations and results of operations. 

Our
commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. Although the Israeli
government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot
assure you that this government coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover our potential damages. Any losses or damages
incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or political instability in the region would
likely negatively affect business conditions and could harm our results of operations. 

Further,
in the past, the State of Israel and Israeli companies have been subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries still restrict business
with the State of Israel and with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact on our operating
results, financial condition, or the expansion of our business. A campaign of boycotts, divestment, and sanctions has been undertaken
against Israel, which could also adversely impact our business. 

In
addition, many Israeli citizens are obligated to perform several days, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty each year
until they reach the age of 40 (or older, for reservists who are military officers or who have certain occupations) and, in the event
of a military conflict, may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity, there have been periods of significant
call-ups of military reservists. It is possible that there will be military reserve duty call-ups in the future. Our operations could
be disrupted by such call-ups, which may include the call-up of members of our management. Such disruption could materially adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
the beginning of 2023, the newly formed government commenced a legislative process to effect changes in the Israeli legal system. Certain
financial, legal, and commercial organizations and entities have claimed that such changes will weaken the Israeli legal system and,
as a result, could lead to negative impact on the economic and financial conditions of the State of Israel. At this stage, where the
proposed legislation has not become effective, and its scope is not fully determined, we cannot assess the possible impacts of these
changes and their likelihood. Changes in the Israeli economy could make it more difficult for us to operate our business and could have
a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flow. 

25 

It
may be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce any judgments obtained against us or some of our directors or officers. 

It
may be difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against any of our officers and directors who are based in Israel. It
may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers
under federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised that Israel does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition
and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the
United States and Israel would permit effective enforcement of criminal penalties of the federal securities laws. Even if an Israeli
court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that the Israeli law, and not U.S. law, is applicable to the claim. Further, if U.S. law
is found to be applicable, certain content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly
process, and certain matters of procedure would still be governed by the Israeli law. Consequently, you may be effectively prevented
from pursuing remedies under U.S. federal and state securities laws against us or any of our non-U.S. directors or officers. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations between foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar may negatively affect our earnings. 

Our
reporting and functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Our revenues are currently primarily payable in U.S. dollars and we expect our
future revenues to be denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. However, some of our expenses are in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) and as a
result, we are exposed to the currency fluctuation risks relating to the recording of our expenses in U.S. dollars. We may, in the future,
decide to enter into currency hedging transactions. These measures, however, may not adequately protect us from material adverse effects. 

Exchange
rate movements have impacted and may continue to impact our consolidated revenues and operating results. It is particularly difficult
to forecast exchange rate movements and unanticipated currency fluctuations have affected and could continue to affect our financial
results and cause our results to differ from investor expectations or our own guidance in any future periods. Volatility in exchange
rates and global financial markets is expected to continue due to political and economic uncertainty globally 

Certain
technology developed and used by us received Israeli government grants for certain research and development activities. The terms of
those grants require us to satisfy specified conditions in addition to repayment of the grants upon certain events. 

The
research and development efforts that contributed to certain technology used by us was financed in part through grants from the IIA to
Medigus, which was subsequently transferred to ScoutCam Ltd. (for more information about such agreements, refer to CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE below ). The terms of such grants require ScoutCam Ltd.
to comply with the requirements of the Innovation Law. When a company develops know-how, technology or products using IIA grants, the
terms of these grants and the Innovation Law restrict the transfer outside of Israel of such know-how, and the manufacturing or manufacturing
rights of such products, technologies or know-how, without the prior approval of the IIA. Therefore, if aspects of our technologies are
deemed to have been developed with IIA funding, the discretionary approval of an IIA committee would be required for any transfer to
third parties outside of Israel of know-how or manufacturing or manufacturing rights related to those aspects of such technologies. We
may not receive those approvals. Furthermore, the IIA may impose certain conditions on any arrangement under which it permits us to transfer
technology or development out of Israel. 

The
transfer of IIA-supported technology or know-how or manufacturing or manufacturing rights related to aspects of such technologies outside
of Israel may involve the payment of significant penalties and other amounts, depending upon the value of the transferred technology
or know-how, the amount of IIA support, the time of completion of the IIA-supported research project and other factors. These restrictions
and requirements for payment may impair our ability to sell our technology assets outside of Israel or to outsource or transfer development
or manufacturing activities with respect to any product or technology outside of Israel. Furthermore, the consideration available to
our shareholders in a transaction involving the transfer outside of Israel of technology or know-how developed with IIA funding (such
as a merger or similar transaction) may be reduced by any amounts that we are required to pay to the IIA. 

26 

We
may become subject to claims for remuneration or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our employees, which could result
in litigation and adversely affect our business. 

A
significant portion of our intellectual property has been developed by our employees in the course of their
employment for us. Under the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967, or the Patent Law, inventions conceived by an employee in the course and
as a result of or arising from his or her employment with a company are regarded as service inventions, which belong to
the employer, absent a specific agreement between the employee and employer giving the employee service invention rights. The Patent
Law also provides that if there is no such agreement between an employer and an employee, the Israeli Compensation and Royalties Committee,
or the Committee, a body constituted under the Patent Law, will determine whether the employee is entitled to remuneration for his inventions.
Recent case law clarifies that the right to receive consideration for service inventions can be waived by the employee
and that in certain circumstances, such waiver does not necessarily have to be explicit. The Committee will examine, on a case-by-case
basis, the general contractual framework between the parties, using interpretation rules of the general Israeli contract laws. Further,
the Committee has not yet determined one specific formula for calculating this remuneration (but rather uses the criteria specified in
the Patent Law). Although we generally enter into assignment-of-invention agreements with our employees pursuant to which such individuals
assign to us all rights to any inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement with us, we may face claims demanding
remuneration in consideration for assigned inventions. As a consequence of such claims, we could be required to pay additional remuneration
or royalties to our current and/or former employees, or be forced to litigate such claims, which could negatively affect our business. 

Item
1b. unresolved staff comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. properties 

We
do not own property and currently lease our principal corporate office and corporate headquarters, which is also our registered office,
and is located at Industrial Park, P.O. Box 3030, Omer, Israel 8496500. Our Omer facility, part of which we sublease to a third party,
include approximately 1,356 square meters of office and laboratory space. In addition, we lease offices in Raman Gan, Israel and Haifa,
Israel. 

We
believe our leased office is sufficient to meet our current needs. 

item
3. legal proceedings 

Three
of our European patents in our patent family related to Small Diameter Video Camera Heads and Medical Devices and Visualization Probes
are currently in oppositional proceedings before the Opposition Division of the EP Patent Office. One U.S. patent of the same family is
currently under reexamination proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. For additional information about these proceedings
refer to PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND TECHNOLOGY above. Other than the above, we are not aware of any pending legal proceedings
to which we are a party, or to which any director, officer or affiliate of our Company, or any owner of record or beneficially of more
than 5 of any class of our voting securities, is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. 

item
4. mine safety disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

27 

part
II 

item
5. market for registrant s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol SCTC . Trading in stocks quoted on the OTCQB is often thin and is characterized
by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s operations or business prospects.
We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. 

OTCQB
securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTCQB securities transactions
are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTCQB issuers are traditionally smaller companies
that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 35 stockholders of record of our common stock and 7,121,737 shares of our common stock outstanding.
The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial owners of our common stock, whose shares are held in street name 
in the names of various brokers, dealers, clearing agencies, banks, and other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to increase
our working capital and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

2020
Share Incentive Plan 

We
have adopted the 2020 Share Incentive Plan, or the 2020 Plan, under which we may grant equity-based incentive awards to attract, motivate,
and retain the talent for which we compete. 

Authorized
Shares . The maximum number of ordinary shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan is equal to the sum of 1,824,717 shares,
or such number as our board of directors may determine from time to time. 

Administration.
 Our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors, will administer the 2020 Plan. Under the 2020 Plan,
the administrator has the authority, subject to applicable law, to interpret the terms of the 2020 Plan and any award agreements or awards
granted thereunder, designate recipients of awards, determine and amend the terms of awards, including the exercise price of an option
award, the fair market value of an ordinary share, the time and vesting schedule applicable to an award or the method of payment for
an award, accelerate or amend the vesting schedule applicable to an award, prescribe the forms of agreement for use under the 2020 Plan,
and take all other actions and make all other determinations necessary for the administration of the 2020 Plan. 

The
administrator also has the authority to amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the 2020 Plan or terminate the 2020 Plan
at any time before the date of expiration of its ten year term. 

Eligibility.
 The 2020 Plan provides for granting awards under various tax regimes, including, without limitation, in compliance with Section 102
of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 5721-1961 (the Ordinance ), and Section 3(i) of the Ordinance and for
awards granted to our United States employees or service providers, including those who are deemed to be residents of the United States
for tax purposes, Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and Section 409A of the Code. 

Section
102 of the Ordinance allows employees, directors, and officers who are not controlling shareholders and are considered Israeli residents
to receive favorable tax treatment for compensation in the form of shares or options. Our non-employee service providers and controlling
shareholders may only be granted options under section 3(i) of the Ordinance, which does not provide for similar tax benefits. 

Grant.
 All awards granted pursuant to the 2020 Plan will be evidenced by an award agreement, in a form approved, from time to time, by the
administrator in its sole discretion. The award agreement will set forth the terms and conditions of the award, including the type of
award, number of shares subject to such award, vesting schedule and conditions (including performance goals or measures), and the exercise
price, if applicable. Certain awards under the 2020 Plan may constitute or provide for a deferral of compensation, subject to Section
409A of the Code, which may impose additional requirements on the terms and conditions of such awards. 

28 

Each
award will expire seven years from the date of the grant thereof, unless such shorter term of expiration is otherwise designated by the
administrator. 

Awards.
 The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options), shares
of common stock, restricted shares, restricted share units, and other share-based awards. 

Options
granted under the 2020 Plan to our employees who are U.S. residents may qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning
of Section 422 of the Code, or may be non-qualified stock options. The exercise price of a stock option may not be less than 100 of
the fair market value of the underlying share on the date of grant (or 110 in the case of ISOs granted to certain significant stockholders). 

Exercise.
 An award under the 2020 Plan may be exercised by providing the company with a written or electronic notice of exercise and full payment
of the exercise price for such shares underlying the award, if applicable, in such form and method as may be determined by the administrator
and permitted by applicable law. An award may not be exercised for a fraction of a share. With regard to tax withholding, exercise price,
and purchase price obligations arising in connection with awards under the 2020 Plan, the administrator may, in its discretion, accept
cash, provide for net withholding of shares in a cashless exercise mechanism, or direct a securities broker to sell shares and deliver
all or a part of the proceeds to the Company or the trustee. 

Transferability.
 Other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution, or as otherwise provided under the 2020 Plan, neither the options nor any
right in connection with such options are assignable or transferable. 

Termination
of Employment. For grantees who terminated their employment with the Company or any of its affiliates prior to July 5, 2022, all
vested and exercisable awards held by such grantees as of the date of termination may be exercised within three months, unless otherwise
determined by the administrator. For grantees who terminated their employment with the Company or any of its affiliates after July 5,
2022, all vested and exercisable awards held by such grantees as of the date of termination may be exercised within three years, unless
otherwise determined by the administrator. After such three month or three year period, as applicable, all such unexercised awards will
terminate, and the shares covered by such awards shall again be available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 

In
the event of termination of a grantee s employment or service with the company or any of its affiliates due to such grantee s
death, permanent disability, or retirement, all vested and exercisable awards held by such grantee as of the date of termination may
be exercised by the grantee or the grantee s legal guardian, estate, or by a person who acquired the right to exercise the award
by bequest or inheritance, as applicable, within twelve months after such date of termination, unless otherwise provided by the administrator.
Any awards which are unvested as of the date of such termination or which are vested but not then exercised within the twelve month period
following such date, will terminate and the shares covered by such awards shall again be available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 

Notwithstanding
any of the foregoing, if a grantee s employment or services with the company or any of its affiliates is terminated for cause 
(as defined in the 2020 Plan), all outstanding awards held by such grantee (whether vested or unvested) will terminate on the date of
such termination and the shares covered by such awards shall again be available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 

29 

Transactions.
 In the event of a share split, reverse share split, share dividend, recapitalization, combination, or reclassification of our shares,
or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares effected without receipt of consideration by the company (but not including
the conversion of any convertible securities of the company), the administrator in its sole discretion shall make an appropriate adjustment
in the number of shares related to each outstanding award and to the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan, to the
class and kind of shares subject to the 2020 Plan, as well as the exercise price per share of each outstanding award, as applicable,
the terms and conditions concerning vesting and exercisability, and the term and duration of outstanding awards, or any other terms that
the administrator adjusts in its discretion, or the type or class of security, asset, or right underlying the award (which need not be
only that of the Company, and may be that of the surviving corporation or any affiliate thereof or such other entity party to any of
the above transactions); provided that any fractional shares resulting from such adjustment shall be rounded down to the nearest whole
share unless otherwise determined by the administrator. In the event of a distribution of a cash dividend to all shareholders, the administrator
may determine, without the consent of any holder of an award, that the exercise price of an outstanding and unexercised award shall be
reduced by an amount equal to the per share gross dividend amount distributed by the Company, subject to applicable law. 

In
the event of a merger or consolidation of our company, or a sale of all, or substantially all, of the Company s shares or assets,
or other transaction having a similar effect on the Company, or change in the composition of the board of directors, or liquidation or
dissolution, or such other transaction or circumstances that the board of directors determines to be a relevant transaction, then without
the consent of the grantee, the administrator may but is not required to (i) cause any outstanding award to be assumed or substituted
by such successor corporation, or (ii) regardless of whether or not the successor corporation assumes or substitutes the award (a) provide
the grantee with the option to exercise the award as to all or part of the shares, and may provide for an acceleration of vesting of
unvested awards, or (b) cancel the award and pay in cash, shares of the company, the acquirer, or other corporation which is a party
to such transaction, or other property as determined by the administrator as fair in the circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the administrator may upon such event amend, modify, or terminate the terms of any award as it shall deem, in good faith, appropriate. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
March 27 , 2023, the Company issued 3,294,117 units to certain investors in consideration of 14 million. Each such unit
consisted of (i) one share of the Company s common stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock with an exercise
price of 5.50 per share. Each warrant is exercisable for three years from the date of issuance. The shares of common stock and warrants
were issued in a private placement pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

During
the period from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, we did not purchase any of our equity securities. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

30 

item
7. management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, the following
discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-looking Statements 
for a discussion of the uncertainties and assumptions associated with these statements. Our actual results may differ materially from
those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below,
and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 22, 2013, under the name Intellisense Solutions Inc. We were initially
engaged in the business of developing web portals to allow companies and individuals to engage in the purchase and sale of vegetarian
food products over the Internet. However, were not able to execute our original business plan, develop significant operations, or achieve
commercial sales. 

On
December 30, 2019, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding share capital of ScoutCam Ltd. Following this transaction, we integrated
and fully adopted ScoutCam Ltd. s business into our Company as our primary business activity. On December 31, 2019, we changed
our name to ScoutCam Inc. 

Through
ScoutCam Ltd., we are a pioneer in the development, production, and marketing of innovative Predictive Maintenance (PdM) and Condition
Based Monitoring (CBM) technologies, providing visual sensing and AI-based video analytics solutions for critical systems in the aviation,
maritime, industrial non-destructing-testing industries, transportation, and energy industries. Some of our products utilize our unique
micro visualization technology in medical devices for complex and minimally invasive medical procedures. Our technology includes proven
video technologies and products amalgamated into a first-of-its-kind, FDA-cleared minimally invasive surgical device. At the present
time, we derive a substantial portion of our revenue from applications of our micro visualization technology within the medical field. 

Our
unique video-based sensors, embedded software, and AI algorithms are being deployed in hard-to-reach locations and harsh environments
across a variety of PdM and CBM use cases. Our solution allows maintenance and operations teams visibility into areas which are inaccessible
under normal circumstances, or where the operating ambience otherwise is not suitable for continuous real-time monitoring, and has various
applications which have relevancy in a wide range of industry segments that utilize complicated mechanics requiring ongoing monitoring
and predictive maintenance applications. Our current business model is a business-to-business (B2B) approach in which we seek to identify
target businesses interested in integrating our micro visualization technology or commissioning individual projects using our technology. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which we have prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and
expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K,
we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical for fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition
and results of operations. 

Development
Services Revenue and Contract Liabilities 

We
determine at contract inception whether development services are distinct from the performance obligation to manufacture the product
under development. Revenues from development services that we determine as distinct from our performance obligation to manufacture the
product under development are recognized over the period of the applicable service contract. Revenues from development services that
we determine as not distinct from our performance obligation to manufacture the product under development are deferred until commencement
of manufacturing and are recognized over the manufacturing term. As a result, during the year 2021, we have deferred
all service revenues billed by us and the respective service costs. 

31 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
apply the fair value recognition provisions of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , or ASC 718, for stock-based awards
granted to employees, directors, and other providers for their services. Determining the amount of stock-based compensation to be recorded
requires us to develop estimates of the fair value of stock options as of their grant date. We estimate the fair value of each stock
option grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Calculating the fair value of stock-based awards requires that we make subjective
assumptions. 

Pursuant
to ASC 718, we measure stock-based awards granted to employees, members of the board of directors and other providers at fair value on
the date of grant and recognize the corresponding stock-based compensation expense of those awards on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period. 

The
Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires a number of assumptions, of which the most significant are the stock price volatility
and the expected option term. Our expected dividend rate is zero since we do not currently pay cash dividends and do not
anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Each of the above factors requires us to use judgment and make estimates in
determining the percentages and time periods used for the calculation. If we were to use different percentages or time periods, the
fair value of option awards could be materially different. We recognize stock-based compensation cost for option awards on an
accelerated basis over the employee s requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. 

Volatility is derived from the historical volatility of publicly traded
set of peer companies. The risk-free interest rates used in the Black-Scholes calculations are based on the prevailing U.S. Treasury yield
as determined by the U.S. Federal Reserve. We have not paid dividends and does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.
Accordingly, no dividend yield was assumed for purposes of estimating the fair value of our stock-based compensation. The weighted average
expected life of options was estimated individually in respect of each grant. 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Overview 

The
Company s primary business activities during 2022 were: 

During the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed the development
of a product relating to a customer-specific project for a Fortune 500 multinational healthcare corporation, and moved from the development
phase of the project to its production phase. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized development
services revenues and related development costs that had been previously deferred. The amounts were recognized based on the expected manufacturing
term of the product, which the Company estimates at seven years. 

enlarging
 focus on R D activities in the domain of I4.0 (including PdM and CBM in sectors such
 as aerospace, maritime energy and other heavy machinery, engines and complicated mechanics
 which have a need for monitoring and predictive maintenance applications). The main effect
 of this activity was an increase in the number of employees to enable the Company to manage
 the anticipated increased workload and solution development. 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the changes in those
items in dollars and as a percentage: 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 665,000 
 387,000 
 72 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 1,631,000 
 1,108,000 
 47 
 
 Gross Loss 
 (966,000 
 (721,000 
 34 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 4,197,000 
 2,002,000 
 110 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 699,000 
 908,000 
 (23 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 3,577,000 
 5,481,000 
 (35 
 
 Operating Loss 
 (9,439,000 
 (9,112,000 
 4 

Revenues 

As
a result of the nature of our target market and the current stage of our development, a substantial portion of our revenue comes from
a limited number of customers. 

32 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenues of 665,000, an increase of 278,000, or 72 , from 2021 revenues. The increase
in revenues was primarily due to the completion of development of the product relating to our miniature camera solution with a Fortune 500 company and moving to production stage. Total revenues recorded from our miniature camera solution with the Fortune 500
company during 2022, amounted to approximately 538,000. We did not record any revenue from our miniature camera solution with the Fortune
500 company during 2021. 

This
increase in revenues was partly offset by the following: 

- Total revenues recorded from A.M. Surgical
during 2021 amounted to approximately 199,000. We did not record any revenue from A.M. Surgical during 2022. 

- A decrease of 61,000 due to an overall decrease in sales of the Company s
component products to occasional customers. 

Remaining
performance obligations RPO represents contracted revenue that have not yet been recognized, which include deferred revenue
and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. As of December 31, 2022, the total RPO amounted to 3.6
million, which we expect to recognize over the expected manufacturing term of the product under development. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 1,631,000, an increase of 523,000, or 47 , compared to cost of revenues of 1,108,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to: 

-
An increase in payroll expenses due to additional employee recruitments (such as in the areas of procurement, production planning and
control, engineering, and quality inspectors) to support the transition to serial production for the Fortune 500 customer. 

-
In the second quarter of 2022, the Company completed the development service stage of its miniature camera solution and moved to the
production stage. As a result, the Company recognized expenses of 180,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, based on the expected
manufacturing term of the product. 

Gross
Loss 

Gross
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 966,000, an increase of 245,000, or 34 , compared to a gross loss of 721,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to increase in cost of revenues partially offset by an increase in revenue
as described above. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development efforts are focused on new product development and on developing additional functionality for our new and existing products.
These expenses primarily consist of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for
personnel engaged in research and development functions, consulting, and professional fees related to research and development activities,
prototype materials, facility costs, and other allocated expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of our facility, utilities,
depreciation, and other supplies. We expense research and development costs as incurred. 

33 

Research
and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 4,197,000, an increase of 2,195,000, or 110 , compared to
 2,002,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in payroll expenses (including
stock-based compensation) due to additional employee recruitments, materials and subcontractors, rent and maintenance expenses due
to enlarging focus on R D activities in the domain of I4.0. 

We
expect that our research and development expenses will increase as we continue to develop our products and service and recruit additional
research and development employees to the I4.0 domain. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel costs, consulting services, promotional materials, demonstration equipment, and
certain allocated facilities infrastructure costs. 

Sales
and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 699,000, a decrease of 209,000, or 23 , compared to 908,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to reductions in sales and marketing costs in the medical field. 

We
expect that our selling and marketing expenses will increase as we increase our selling and marketing efforts in the I4.0 domain. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel
in executive, finance, and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include direct and allocated facility-related
costs as well as professional fees for legal, patent, consulting, investor, public relations, accounting, auditing, tax services, and
insurance costs. 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 3,577,000, a decrease of 1,904,000, or 35 , compared to 5,481,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
decrease was primarily due to: 

-
A decrease in IP expenses of 506,000. 

-
A decrease in stock-based compensation of 580,000. 

-
A decrease in professional services of 334,000, mainly due to expenses of 206,000 in expenses incurred in 2021 related to our efforts
to uplist to Nasdaq. 

-
Cancellation of a provision of 129,000 related to additional taxes due following entrance into an agreement with the Israeli Tax
Authority. In September 2021, the Company accrued an amount of approximately NIS 740,000 229,000) for additional taxes due following
a VAT audit by the Israeli Tax Authority for the years 2019-2021. In July 2022, the Company reached an agreement with the Israeli Tax
Authority, according to which the amount due in additional taxes was reduced to approximately NIS 340,000 100,000). 

Operating
loss 

We incurred an operating loss
of 9,439,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 327,000, or 4 , compared to operating loss of 9,112,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating loss was primarily due to increases in gross loss and expenses related to research
and development, partially offset by decrease in general and administrative expenses and sales and marketing expenses. 

34 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 and the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Overview 

The
Company s primary business activities during 2021 were: 

completion
 of R D and transition to the serial production in connection with a customer-specific project for a Fortune 500 multinational
 healthcare corporation; and 

enlarging
 its focus on R D activities in the domain of I4.0 (including PdM and CBM in sectors such as the aviation, energy and automotive).
 The main effect of this activity was an increase in the number of employees to enable the Company to manage the anticipated increased
 workload and solution development. 

Other
major activities were the following: 

- 
 Expanding
 marketing activities, including the recruitment of VP Business Development for Industry 4.0, and launching a multi-platform digital
 marketing campaign; 

- 
 Extensive
 activity in connection with the Company s IP, including submissions of new patent applications as well as maintenance, defense,
 and commercialization efforts of existing patents; 

- 
 Increased
 operation expenses in order to improve the current Company s R D capabilities; 

- 
 Increase
 in research and development activities, including the development of new products and the improvement of existing technology, and
 the examination of additional applications for our visualization solutions, including in the domains of PdM and CBM, as well as additional
 industries outside of the medical, defense, and aerospace fields, including sectors such as automotive, industrial non-destructing-testing
 industries, automotive and energy; and 

- 
 Investment
 in capital expenses to provide the necessary facilities, IT, and lab tools for our newly recruited employees and to upgrade the Company s
 production and quality control capabilities. 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, together with the changes in those
items in dollars and as a percentage: 

2021 
 2020 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 387,000 
 491,000 
 (21 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 1,108,000 
 994,000 
 11 
 
 Gross Loss 
 (721,000 
 (503,000 
 43 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 2,002,000 
 725,000 
 176 
 
 Sales and marketing expense 
 908,000 
 443,000 
 105 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,481,000 
 3,035,000 
 81 
 
 Operating Loss 
 (9,112,000 
 (4,706,000 
 94 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we generated revenues of 387,000, a decrease of 104,000, or 21 , from 2020 revenues. The decrease
in revenues was primarily due to sales of products to A.M. Surgical. Total sales to A.M. Surgical during year ended December 31, 2021
amounted to approximately 199,000, a decrease from approximately 383,000 in 2020. This decrease was partially offset by increase in
the sales of our products to other customers. 

Remaining
performance obligations RPO represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue
and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. As of December 31, 2021, the total RPO amounted to 3.2
million, which we expect to recognize over the expected manufacturing term of the product under development. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 1,108,000, an increase of 114,000, or 11 , compared to cost of revenues of 994,000
for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in payroll expenses (including stock-based compensation)
as a result of hiring additional employees as part of the transition to the production stage with respect to the contract with a Fortune
500 multinational healthcare corporation, partially offset by decrease in materials as a result of a decrease in revenues. 

35 

Gross
Loss 

Gross
loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 721,000, an increase of 218,000, or 43 , compared to a gross loss of 503,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to a decrease in revenues and an increase in cost of revenues as described
above. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 2,002,000, an increase of 1,277,000, or 176 , compared to
 725,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in payroll expenses (including
stock-based compensation) due to additional employee recruitments, materials and subcontractors, and because we have recently begun examining additional applications for
our micro ScoutCam portfolio outside of the medical, defense and aerospace fields, including in sectors such as automotive,
industrial non-destructing-testing industries, automotive, and energy. 

In
addition, there was an increase in R D payroll expenses in 2021 due to the fact that during 2020 a substantial part of the payroll
expenses was capitalized to contract fulfillment asset and was not recognized as expenses in profit and loss. 

We
expect that our research and development expenses will increase as we continue to develop our products and service and recruit additional
research and development employees to the I4.0 domain. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 908,000, an increase of 465,000, or 105 , compared to 443,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2020. 

The
increase was primarily due to expanding marketing activity, including the recruitment of a VP Business Development in Industry 4.0, hiring
consultants and launching a multi-platform digital marketing campaign. 

We
expect that our selling and marketing expenses will increase as we continue to increase our selling and marketing efforts. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 5,481,000, an increase of 2,446,000, or 81 , compared to 3,035,000
for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

The
increase was primarily due to: 

an
 increase of 675,000 in IP expenses due to maintenance, defense, and commercialization efforts of existing patents; 

the
 provision of 229,000 due to a VAT audit by the Israeli Tax Authority; 

an
 increase of 528,000 in stock-based compensation due to new option grants; 

expenses
 of approx. 206,000 related to our efforts to uplist to Nasdaq; 

an
 increase in in payroll expenses due to the hiring of additional employees, including a new CEO and controller, and a shift in the
 position of the CFO from part-time to full-time; and 

an
 increase in professional services expenses due to the hiring of a financial consultant, HR consultant, the appointment of new directors
 and additional hires. 

36 

Operating
loss 

We
incurred an operating loss of 9,112,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4,406,000, or 94 , compared to operating
loss of 4,706,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in operating loss was primarily due to increases in expenses related
to general and administrative, research and development, and sales and marketing, as described above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 10.1 million and short-term deposits of 3 million compared to cash and
cash equivalents of 8.6 million and short-term deposits of 11 million as of December 31, 2021. In addition, as
of December 31, 2022, we incurred an accumulated deficit of 24.8 million compared to 15.3 million as of December 31,
2021. 

Our
primary sources of liquidity to date have been from fund raising and warrant exercises. 

Additional
Cash Requirements 

We plan to continue to invest
for long-term growth, and therefore we expect that our expenses will increase. We currently believe that our existing cash and cash
equivalents and short-term deposits will allow our to fund ours operating plan through at least the next 12 months. We expect our expenses
will increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research and development and the scale up process
of our I4.0 solutions. We expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing, and
distribution. Furthermore, we will continue to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will
need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. We may raise these funds through equity financing,
debt financing, or other sources, which may result in further dilution in the equity ownership of our common stock. There is no assurance
that we will be able to maintain operations at a level sufficient for investors to obtain a return on their investment in our common stock,
or that we will be able to raise sufficient capital required to implement our business plan on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we
are successful in raising sufficient capital to implement our business plan, we will, most likely, continue to be unprofitable for the
foreseeable future. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate
our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 

Cash
Flows 

Our
primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for headcount-related expenditures, research and development costs, manufacturing
costs, marketing and promotional expenses, professional services cost, and costs related to our facilities. Our cash flows from operating
activities will continue to be affected due to the expected increase of spending on our business and our working capital requirements. 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in dollars): 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash used in Operating Activities 
 (6,095,000 
 (5,886,000 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) Investing Activities 
 7,882,000 
 (11,595,000 
 
 Cash provided by Financing Activities 
 - 
 22,559,000 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 6.1 million, consisting of net loss of 9.5 million, partially
offset by a non-cash benefit of 2.1 million and a favorable net change in operating assets and liabilities of 1.3 million. Our non-cash
benefit consisted primarily of non-cash charges of 1.6 million for stock-based compensation. The net change in our operating assets
and liabilities primarily reflects cash inflows from changes in contract liability of 1.2 million. 

37 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 5.9 million, consisting of net loss of 9 million, partially
offset by a non-cash benefit of 2 million and a favorable net change in operating assets and liabilities of 1.1 million. Our non-cash
benefit consisted primarily of non-cash charges of 2 million for stock-based compensation. The net change in our operating assets and
liabilities primarily reflects cash inflows from changes in contract liability of 1.6 million partially offset by cash outflows from
changes in contract fulfillment assets of 0.5 million. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by investing activities was 7.9 million, consisting mainly of withdrawal, net of short-term
deposits. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities was 11.6 million, consisting of investment in short-term deposits
of 11 million and purchases of property and equipment of 0.6 million. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 22.6 million, consisting primarily of 19.1 million from
cash proceeds from issuance of shares and warrants in a private placement and 3.5 million proceeds from exercise of outstanding warrants. 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 and the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

The
following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 (in dollars): 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash used in Operating Activities 
 (5,886,000 
 (4,187,000 
 
 Cash used in Investing Activities 
 (11,595,000 
 (276,000 
 
 Cash provided by Financing Activities 
 22,559,000 
 4,506,000 

Operating
Activities 

Our
primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for headcount-related expenditures, research and development costs, manufacturing
costs, marketing and promotional expenses, professional services cost and costs related to our facilities. Our cash flows from operating
activities will continue to be affected due to the expected increase of spending on our business and our working capital requirements. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 5.9 million, consisting of net loss of 9 million, partially
offset by a non-cash benefit of 2 million and an favorable net change in operating assets and liabilities of 1.1 million. Our non-cash
benefit consisted primarily of non-cash charges of 2 million for stock-based compensation. The net change in our operating assets and
liabilities primarily reflects cash inflows from changes in contract liability of 1.6 million partially offset by cash outflows from
changes in contract fulfillment assets of 0.5 million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was 4.2 million, consisting of net loss of 4.7 million, non-cash
charges of 1.1 million and a unfavorable net change in operating assets and liabilities of 0.6 million. Our non-cash charges consisted
primarily of stock-based compensation expense of 1.1 million. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities primarily reflects
cash outflows from the changes in contract fulfillment assets of 1.1 million, accrued expenses and other of 0.4 million and other assets
of 0.3 million, partially offset by cash inflows from changes in inventory of 0.7 million and change in contract liability of 0.3
million. 

38 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities was 11.6 million, consisting of investment in short-term deposits
of 11 million and purchases of property and equipment of 0.6 million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 200, cash used in investing activities was 0.3 million, consisting of purchases of property and equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 22.6 million, consisting primarily of 19.1 million from
cash proceeds from issuance of shares and warrants in a private placement and 3.5 million proceeds from exercise of outstanding warrants. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, cash provided by financing activities was 4.5 million, consisting primarily of 2.9 million from cash
proceeds from issuance of shares and warrants and 1.8 million proceeds from exercise of warrants. 

item
7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

item
8. financial statements and supplementary data 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

item
9a. controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and
directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

39 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework, in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on that assessment
under those criteria, management has determined that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Attestation
Independent Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s
registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or
are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9b. Other information 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable 

40 

part
iii 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and corporate governance 

Directors,
Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Prof.
 Benad Goldwasser 
 
 72 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 Shmuel
 Donnerstein 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Ronen
 Rosenbloom 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Lior
 Amit 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Moshe
 (Mori) Arkin 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Inbal
 Kreiss 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Zeev
 Vurembrand 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Yehu
 Ofer 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Tanya
 Yosef 
 
 40 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Amir
 Govrin 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer 
 
 Katrin
 Dlugach 
 
 40 
 
 VP
 of Research and Development 
 
 Jacob
 Avinu 
 
 40 
 
 Senior
 VP of Product Portfolio 
 
 Arik
 Priel 
 
 48 
 
 Chief
 SW Architect 

Executive
 Officer 

Independent
 Director 

Directors 

Prof.
Benad Goldwasser has served as chairman of our board of directors since December 26, 2019, and has served as chairman of ScoutCam
Ltd. s board of directors since its inception. Prof. Goldwasser is a serial entrepreneur and retired urology medical doctor. In
2016, Prof. Goldwasser launched a venture capital fund partnered with SAIL, a Shanghai Government investment company. Prof. Goldwasser
has served as a member of the board of directors of Innoventric Ltd. since 2017 and Inspira Technologies Ltd. since January 2021. From
2013-2016 Prof. Goldwasser served as an external director of BioCanCell Ltd. (TASE: BICL). Prof. Goldwasser was the co-founder of Vidamed
Inc., Medinol Ltd., Rita Medical Inc., Optonol Ltd. and GI View Ltd. Prof. Goldwasser served as managing director of Biomedical Investments
Ltd., an Israeli Venture Capital firm. During his medical career, he served as Chairman of Urology at the Chaim Sheba Medical Center
and Professor of Surgery at Tel-Aviv University. Prof. Goldwasser holds an MD and MBA from Tel-Aviv University . 

Shmuel
Donnerstein has served on our board of directors since December 26, 2019. Mr. Donnerstein has been an entrepreneur for over 40 years
and is an industry veteran. Mr. Donnerstein s experience includes establishing businesses in multiple industries in Europe and
Israel. Most notably, in 2008 he established Rav Bariach 08 Industries Ltd (TASE: BRIH) after buying the assets of its predecessor in
receivership and led its turnaround to become a leading security door manufacturer worldwide. Mr. Donnerstein currently serves as the
Executive Chairman and majority shareholder of Rav Bariach. In addition, Mr. Donnerstein is the Chairman of Rail Vision Ltd and, in 2014,
received the Israeli Industry Award from Israel s Minister of Economy and Industry for his lifelong contribution to the Israeli
Industrial sector. 

Ronen
Rosenbloom has served as a member of our board since December 26, 2019. Mr. Rosenbloom is an independent lawyer working out of a
self-owned law firm specializing in white collar offences. Mr. Rosenbloom serves as chairman of the Israeli Money Laundering Prohibition
committee and the Prohibition of Money Laundering Committee of the Tel Aviv District, both of the Israel Bar Association. Mr. Rosenbloom serves on the board of directors of Medigus Ltd. and Save
Foods, Inc. Mr. Rosenbloom
previously served as a police prosecutor in the Tel Aviv District. He has served as a member of the board of directors of Medigus Ltd.
since August 2018. Mr. Rosenbloom holds an LLB from the Ono Academic College, an Israeli branch of University of Manchester. 

41 

Lior
Amit has served on our board of directors since December 26, 2019. Since 2014, Mr. Amit has served as a financial consultant to multiple
companies on matters related to, inter alia, mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Amit currently serves as a member of the board of directors
for multiple Israeli public and private companies, including in the role of an external or independent director. He has served as a member
of the board of directors of Inspira Technologies Ltd. since June 2021. Mr. Amit holds both a BA in economics and accounting and an MBA
from Tel-Aviv University. Mr. Amit is a certified public accountant in Israel. 

Moshe
(Mori) Arkin has served on our board of directors since February 15, 2021. Mr. Arkin is a leading life science and pharmaceutical
entrepreneur and serves as the chairman of Arkin Holdings, which he founded in 2009. Mr. Arkin has served as chairman of the board of
directors of Sol Gel Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: SLGL) since 2014 and sits on the board of directors of several private pharmaceutical
and medical device companies, including Digma Medical, a company developing systems to treat insulin resistance present in type 2 diabetes
and other metabolic syndrome diseases, and Valcare Medical, a company developing heart valve devices. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Arkin served
as the head of generics at Perrigo Company, and from 2005 until 2011, as a member of its board of directors. Prior to joining Sol Gel
Technologies Ltd., Mr. Arkin served as a director of cCAM Biotherapeutics Ltd., a company focused on the discovery and development of
novel immunotherapies to treat cancer from 2012 until its acquisition in 2015 by Merck Co., Inc. Mr. Arkin served as chairman of
Agis Industries Ltd. from 1972 until its acquisition by Perrigo Company in 2005. Mr. Arkin holds a B.A. in psychology from the Tel Aviv
University, Israel. 

Inbal
Kreiss has served on our board of directors since April 9, 2021. Ms. Kreiss is currently the Head of Innovation at the Systems,
Missiles and Space Division of the Israeli Aerospace Industries Ltd. (IAI) and Chairwoman of RAKIA, Israel s 2nd Scientific
and Technological Mission to the International Space Station. Since 2013, Ms. Kreiss has served as Deputy Director of the Space
Division at IAI, leading the development, construction, launch and operation of observation and communication satellites for both
Israeli and foreign users. Prior to that, Ms. Kreiss held various leadership positions within IAI, including chief engineer of
Israel s Arrow 2 anti-ballistic missile defense system from 2000 to 2006, and project manager of the Arrow 3 exo-atmospheric
interceptor from 2007 to 2013. Ms. Kreiss serves on the board of directors or Rail Vision Ltd. Ms. Kreiss holds a B.Sc in chemical
engineering from the Technion, Israeli Institute of Technology, an Executive Masters in Business Administration from Tel Aviv
University, and completed a visiting research fellowship at the Aeronautics Astronautics Department of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology (MIT). 

Zeev
Vurembrand has served on our board of directors since May 13, 2021. Mr. Vurembrand is currently the Chief Executive Officer and Owner
of Vurembrand Management Innovation Ltd. and a member of the board of Bezeq the Israeli Telecommunication Corp. Ltd. (TASE: BEZQ) since 2017. Mr. Vurembrand has also served as chairman of the
board of Lageen Ltd. since 2019. From 2013 until 2019, Mr. Vurembrand was the Chief Executive Officer of Kupat Holim Meuhedet, Israel s
third largest health care organization. From 2008 until 2013, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Alon Holding Blue Square 
Israel Ltd., and prior to that, from 2007 until 2008, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Phoenix Investments and Finance Ltd. Earlier
in his career, from 2002 until 2007, Mr. Vurembrand was the Chief Executive Officer of Clalit Health Services Group, Israel s largest
health care organization. Mr. Vurembrand has served on numerous boards of directors, including Africa Israel Resedence LTD. (TASE: AFRE)
from 2014 until 2016, Discount Bank (TASE:DSCT) 2006 until 2007, U-Bank from 2005 until 2006, Blue Square Israel (TASE: BSI) from 2001
until 2006, and Dikla Medical Insurance Ltd. from 1995 until 2002. Mr. Vurembrand has also served on the board of trustees of Bar Ilan
University since 2019. Mr. Vurembrand holds a B.Sc in industrial engineering and management from the Technion, Israeli Institute of Technology. 

Executive
Officers 

Yehu
Ofer has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company since October 18, 2022. Mr. Ofer served as a colonel (now retired) in the
IAF, commanding two operational squadrons before commanding Wing 15 , the optic and electronic intelligence wing of the
IAF. In his last position, Mr. Ofer served as Israel Defense Attach to Italy, Greece, Serbia, and Croatia, where he oversaw the
largest ever government-to-government transaction between Israel and Italy. Upon his retirement from the Israel Defense Forces in 2013,
Mr. Ofer joined Elbit Systems Ltd. in its electro-optics unit as a technology development and program manager in airborne optic and laser
solutions. Mr. Ofer also managed Elbit System s aerospace division as VP of large-scale development programs and VP of the Brazil
business unit. In his last position at Elbit Systems, Mr. Ofer served as VP of Global Business Development, Marketing and Sales, a position
he held since 2020. Mr. Ofer holds an MBA from the University of Haifa, a Bachelor of Economics and Logistics (cum laude) from Bar Ilan
University in Tel Aviv, and a degree from the National Security College in Tel Aviv. 

42 

Tanya
Yosef has served as our Chief Financial Officer since December 27, 2019. Ms. Yosef is a certified public accountant with many years
of experience, and held various positions with Medigus Ltd. (Nasdaq: MDGS) since December of 2009, including most recently as chief financial
officer and prior thereto as financial controller. During 2008-2009 Ms. Yosef worked in the audit department at Kesselman Kesselman,
a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited. Ms. Yosef holds a BA in Economics and Accounting from the Ben-Gurion University,
Israel . 

Amir
Govrin has served as our Chief Technology Officer since May 1, 2019. Prior to his position with ScoutCam, Mr. Govrin held various
positions at Medigus Ltd. (Nasdaq: MDGS) beginning in 2003, including VP R D, R D manager and GERD project manager. Prior to
his tenure at Medigus, Mr. Govrin was project manager at Aran R D from 1997 until 2003, and an R D engineer at Netafim Ltd. from
1992 until 1997. Mr. Govrin holds a B.Sc in mechanical engineering from Tel Aviv University, Israel . 

Katrin
Dlugach has served as our VP of Research and Development since July 1, 2019. Prior to her position with ScoutCam, Ms. Dlugach was
a system engineer and project manager at Nanofabrica Ltd. from August 2018 to June 2019. Before that, Ms. Dlugach served in a number
of roles, including chief of development and chief executive officer, at Nitinotes Ltd. from 2014 until 2018. Earlier in her career,
Ms. Dlugach held a variety of R D positions at Medigus Ltd. (Nasdaq: MDGS). Ms. Dlugach holds a B.Sc., M.Sc. and MBA from Ben-Gurion
University, Israel. 

Jacob
Avinu has served as our Senior VP of Product Portfolio since November 15, 2022. Mr. Avinu has more than 15 years of experience
in development, operations, and leadership in a variety of industries, including aviation and aerospace. He joined ScoutCam from
Elbit Systems, where since 2018 he led the advanced capabilities R D group in helmet-mounted displays and sensors, a key segment
within the company s aerospace division. Before joining Elbit Systems, Mr. Avinu served for six years in the Israeli Air Force
as a computer vision system engineer and commander of the electronic systems development group. Mr. Avinu holds a Master of Science
degree from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Beer-Sheva, Israel with a focus on electro-optical engineering, and a Bachelor of
Science in electrical engineering from Ort Braude College of Engineering in Karmiel Israel. Mr. Avinu also studied practical
engineering and electronics at the Israeli Air Force Academy. 

Arik
Priel has served as our Chief SW Architect since November 1, 2021. Mr. Priel has over 20 years of experience in leading multidisciplinary
R D and engineering teams in defining and navigating product development from concept to deployment, with a focus on cloud-based
architectures and AI-based technologies. Prior to joining ScoutCam, Mr. Priel held several senior technology positions, most recently
as CTO of Octopol from June 2019 to August 2021, where he combined state-of-the-art AI models together with cutting-edge software technology.
Prior to Octopol, Mr. Priel served as Director of Technology at Green Gold Analytics from March 2017 to June 2019, where he established
partnerships with Microsoft and Amazon Web Services. Mr. Priel also previously served as VP R D and established the Israeli Innovation
Center of Landesk (currently named Ivanti). Mr. Priel earned both his BSc in Computer Science and Economics and MBA from Bar-Ilan University. 

Staggered
Board 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes. Ronen Rosenbloom and Zeev Vurembrand are our Class I directors, with their terms of
office to expire at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Lior Amit, Shmuel Donnerstein and Inbal Kreiss are our Class II directors,
with their terms of office to expire at our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Professor Benad Goldwasser and Moshe (Mori) Arkin are
our Class III directors, with their terms of office to expire at our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. At each annual meeting of stockholders,
directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding
annual meeting of stockholders after their election, with each director to hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly
elected and qualified. 

43 

Our
board of directors may consider a broad range of factors relating to the qualifications and background of nominees to serve as director,
which may include various diversity factors. We have no formal policy regarding board diversity. 

Our
officers hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal by our board of directors or until their successors have
been selected. They serve at the pleasure of our board of directors. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between or among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

a) 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

b) 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

c) 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

d) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

e) 
 being
 subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law
 or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or
 fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

f) 
 being
 subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
 any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Our
common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our directors, officers and principal stockholders
are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees (including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions).
We have made the code of business conduct and ethics available on our website at www.scoutcam.com. We will disclose promptly by posting
such disclosure on our website any amendment to or waiver from the code of business conduct and ethics for our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, as required by law
or SEC regulations. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute a part of this Annual
Report. 

44 

Board
Committees 

We
are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange, which generally require the creation of an audit
committee, compensation committee or process, and nominations committee or process, and that each of these committees or processes be
comprised of independent directors and tasked with performing certain responsibilities for the board of directors. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, we have voluntarily created an audit committee and compensation committee with responsibilities consistent with those required
under SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

Audit
Committee . The members of the audit committee are Ms. Kreiss, Mr. Amit, and Mr. Vurembrand, with Mr. Vurembrand as its designated
chairperson. The audit committee is governed by a written charter approved by the board of directors and available on our website at
www.scoutcam.com. The board of directors has determined that all current audit committee members are financially literate under the Nasdaq
listing requirements and that Mr. Vurembrand qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC rules
adopted pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Nasdaq listing requirements require that audit committees have at least three directors and
that all directors be independent, as defined in the Nasdaq listing requirements and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The Board has
determined that Ms. Kreiss, Mr. Amit, and Mr. Vurembrand meet the independence criteria established in the Nasdaq listing requirements
and the Exchange Act. 

The
audit committee assists the board of directors in its oversight of financial reporting practices and the quality and integrity of the
financial reports of ScoutCam including compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independent auditors qualifications
and independence, and the performance of ScoutCam s internal control function. The audit committee is responsible for the appointment
of ScoutCam s independent auditors. The audit committee oversees our internal controls and risk assessment and management policies
and meets with our independent auditor and management regarding our internal controls and other matters. The audit committee is responsible
for periodically reviewing ScoutCam s code of business conduct and ethics and has established procedures for the receipt, retention,
and treatment of complaints received by ScoutCam regarding accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission
by ScoutCam employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. The audit committee is also responsible for
approving or ratifying related person transactions pursuant to ScoutCam s related person transaction approval policy contained
in the audit committee charter. 

Compensation
Committee . The members of the compensation committee are Ms. Kreiss, Mr. Amit, and Mr. Vurembrand, with Ms. Kreiss as its designated
chairperson., all of whom meet the independence criteria established by the Nasdaq listing requirements. The compensation committee is
governed by a written charter approved by the board of directors and available on our website at www.scoutcam.com. The compensation committee
is charged with the responsibility for setting executive compensation, reviewing certain compensation programs, administering our equity
incentive plans, reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis required in proxy statements (if and
when applicable), preparing a report on executive compensation required by SEC rules to be included in proxy statements (if and when
applicable), and making other recommendations to the board of directors. 

45 

item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following sets forth information about the compensation paid to or accrued by the company s principal executive officer and its
two other most highly compensated persons serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2022. These executives are referred to as
the named executive officers. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Base
 Salary (5) 
 Bonus
 (6) 
 Stock
 Awards (7) 
 Option
 Awards (7) (8) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 

in thousands 
 
 Yovav Sameah, 
 2022 
 265 
 - 
 432 
 - 
 35 
 732 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer
 (1) 
 2021 
 232 
 50 
 - 
 1,284 
 24 
 1,590 

Yehu Ofer, 

Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 2022 
 68 
 21 
 - 
 774 
 8 
 871 

Jacob Avinu, 

Senior VP Product (3) 
 2022 
 38 
 14 
 - 
 258 
 1 
 311 

Amir Govrin 
 2022 
 194 
 - 
 108 
 - 
 23 
 325 
 
 Chief Technology Officer (4) 
 2021 
 184 
 - 
 - 
 187 
 22 
 393 

(1) 
 Consists
 of Mr. Sameah s s compensation earned in his capacity as the Chief Executive Officer of wholly-owned subsidiary, ScoutCam Ltd.
 Mr. Sameah did not earn any compensation in his capacity as the Chief Executive Officer of ScoutCam Inc. Mr. Sameah s employment
 terminated on October 18, 2022. 

(2) 
 Consists
 of Mr. Ofer s compensation earned in his capacity as the Chief Executive Officer of
 our wholly-owned subsidiary, ScoutCam Ltd. Mr. Ofer did not earn any compensation in his
 capacity as the Chief Executive Officer of ScoutCam Inc. Mr. Ofer s employment commenced
 on October 18, 2022. 
 
 In
 connection with the appointment of Mr. Ofer as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Company entered into an employment
 agreement with Mr. Ofer that provides for the terms and conditions of his employment as the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
 The agreement provides for a monthly base salary of NIS 70,000, subject to adjustments for inflation as announced from time to time
 in accordance with Israeli law. The agreement also provides that Mr. Ofer is entitled to receive an equity grant of options to purchase
 a total of 300,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at an exercise price of 4.50 per share,
 which shall vest and become exercisable as follows: 33.33 of the shares covered by Mr. Ofer s options on the first anniversary
 of his service as CEO, and 8.33 of the shares covered by Mr. Ofer s options at the end of each subsequent three-month period
 thereafter over the course of the subsequent two years. Furthermore, Mr. Ofer s options will immediately vest upon the occurrence
 of the following (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, (ii) the sale of more than 50 of the common
 stock of the Company in a non-public sale, (iii) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or (iv) any merger, share exchange,
 consolidation or other reorganization or business combination if immediately after such transaction either (A) the persons who were
 directors of the Company immediately prior to such transaction do not constitute at least a majority of the directors of the surviving
 entity or (B) the persons who hold a majority of the voting capital stock of the surviving entity are not the persons who held a
 majority of the voting capital stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay
 Mr. Ofer both (i) a signing bonus in the aggregate amount of NIS 70,000 and (ii) an annual bonus pursuant to certain pre-determined
 measurable objectives agreed to with Mr. Ofer and approved by the board of directors by January 31 with respect to each calendar
 year, with the Company agreeing to recommend to the board of directors a grant of restricted stock in lieu of Mr. Ofer s bonus
 through such time the Company is profitable and subject to meeting applicable objectives. In accordance with the terms of Mr. Ofer s
 employment agreement, he will also receive additional benefits customary for an executive officer of his experience and for companies
 of similar stature and standing to that of the Company. 

46 

(3) 
 Consists
 of Mr. Avinu s compensation earned in his capacity as the Senior VP Product of our
 wholly-owned subsidiary, ScoutCam Ltd. Mr. Avinu s employment commenced on November
 15, 2022. 
 
 In
 connection with the appointment of Mr. Avinu as the Company s Senior VP Product, the Company entered into an employment agreement
 with Mr. Avinu that provides for the terms and conditions of his employment as the Company s Senior VP Product. The agreement
 provides for a monthly salary of NIS 60,000. The agreement also provides that Mr. Avinu is entitled to receive an equity grant of
 options to purchase a total of 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at an exercise price
 of 4.50 per share, which shall vest and become exercisable as follows: 33.33 of the shares covered by Mr. Avinu s options
 on the first anniversary of his service as SVP Product, and 8.33 of the shares covered by Mr. Avinu s options at the end of
 each subsequent three-month period thereafter over the course of the subsequent two years. Additionally, the agreement provides to
 Mr. Avinu: (i) a signing bonus in the aggregate amount of NIS 50,000 (ii) a performance bonus in the aggregate amount of NIS 120,000
 pursuant to certain objectives and (iii) the Company will consider, at to its sole discretion, after the first and second years following
 his employment, granting Mr. Avinu additional options / RSUs pursuant to certain objectives, subject to the approval of such grant
 by the CEO and board of directors of the Company. In accordance with the terms of Mr. Avinu s employment agreement, he will
 also receive additional benefits customary for an executive officer of his experience and for companies of similar stature and standing
 to that of the Company. 

(4) 
 Consists
 of Mr. Govrin s compensation earned in his capacity as the Chief Technology Officer
 of our wholly-owned subsidiary, ScoutCam Ltd. Mr. Govrin did not earn any compensation in
 his capacity as the Chief Technology Officer of ScoutCam Inc. 
 
 In
 connection with the appointment of Mr. Govrin as the Company s Senior VP Product in May 2019, the Company entered into an employment
 agreement with Mr. Govrin that provides for a monthly base salary of NIS 37,000. In accordance with the terms of Mr. Govrin s
 employment agreement, he will also receive additional benefits customary for an executive officer of his experience and for companies
 of similar stature and standing to that of the Company. Effective April 1, 2022, Mr. Govrin received an increase in his monthly base
 salary to NIS 41,000. 

(5) 
 Base
 salaries are intended to provide a level of compensation sufficient to attract and retain an effective management team, when considered
 in combination with the other components of our executive compensation program. The relative levels of base salary for our named
 executive officers are designed to reflect each named executive officer s scope of responsibility and accountability. Base
 salary amounts include management insurance (which includes pension, disability insurance and severance pay) and payments towards
 such employee s education fund, and Israeli social security. Each named executive officer also receives gross-up payments for
 the taxes on these benefits. The amounts included here are the U.S. dollar equivalent from NIS. The conversion rate used was the
 average of the 2021 and 2022 rates between the U.S. dollar and NIS, as published by the Bank of Israel. 

(6) 
 Represents
a signing bonus. 

(7) 
 The
amount shown in the Option Awards and Stock Awards columns represents the aggregate grant date fair value
of awards computed in accordance with ASC 718, not the actual amounts paid to or realized by the Named Executive Officer during 2022
and 2021. The ASC 718 fair value amount as of the grant date for stock options generally is spread over the number of months of service
required for the grant to vest.. 

(8) 
 The fair value of each stock option award is estimated as of the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Additional information regarding the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of all
stock option awards is included in Note 9b-c to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Employment
Agreements 

We,
and through our Israeli subsidiary, have entered into written employment agreements with each of our executive officers. All of these
agreements contain customary provisions regarding noncompetition, confidentiality of information, and assignment of inventions. However,
the enforceability of the noncompetition provisions may be limited under applicable law. In addition, we have entered into agreements
with each executive officer and director pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify each of them to the fullest extent permitted by
law to the extent that these liabilities are not covered by directors and officers insurance. 

47 

Equity-based
compensation 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

The
following table provides information regarding equity awards for each of our named executive officers, as that term is defined in Item
402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K as of our fiscal year end of December 31, 2022. 

Options Award 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 Name and Position 
 No. of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 No. of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Units of Stock That Have Not Vested )(1) 
 
 Yovav Sameah, 
 100,487 
 - 
 3.60 
 (3 
 October 18, 2025 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer 

Yehu Ofer, 

- 
 - 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 - 
 300,000 
 4.50 
 (3 
 November 14, 2029 

Jacob Avinu, 

- 
 - 
 
 Senior VP Product Portfolio 
 - 
 100,000 
 4.50 
 (3 
 November 14, 2029 

Amir Govrin 
 55,516 
 3,702 
 2.61 
 (2 
 February 12, 2027 
 15,000 
 75,000 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 13,055 
 13,057 
 4.50 
 (3 
 May 13, 2028 

(1) Based on the fair
market value of our Common Stock on December 31, 2022 5.00 per share). 

(2) 25 of the options
granted will vest on the first anniversary date of the option grant, and 6.25 of the options will vest at the end of each subsequent
three-month period thereafter over the course of the following three (3) years. Pursuant to an acceleration mechanism, any outstanding
and unvested options shall immediately accelerate and vest upon the occurrence of certain events, including, inter alia, a merger or
sale of all assets of the Company. 

(3) 33.33 of the options
granted will vest on the first anniversary date of the option grant, and 8.33 of the options will vest at the end of each subsequent
three-month period thereafter over the course of the following two (2) years. Pursuant to an acceleration mechanism, any outstanding
and unvested options shall immediately accelerate and vest upon the occurrence of certain events, including, inter alia, a merger or
sale of all assets of the Company. 

Retirement
or Similar Benefit Plans 

We
do not have any arrangements or plans that provide for the payment of retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. 

Resignation,
Retirement, Other Termination, or Change in Control Arrangements 

We
have no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to our directors or executive
officers at, following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement or other termination of our directors or executive officers,
or a change in control of our Company or a change in our directors or executive officers responsibilities following a change
in control. 

48 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets out the compensation paid to directors for services rendered during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

in thousands 
 
 Prof. Benad Goldwasser 
 120 
 - 
 189 
 - 
 309 
 
 Shmuel Donnerstein 
 16 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 16 
 
 Ronen Rosenbloom 
 16 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 16 
 
 Lior Amit 
 26 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26 
 
 Moshe (Mori) Arkin 
 16 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 16 
 
 Inbal Kreiss 
 26 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26 
 
 Zeev Vurembrand 
 26 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26 

) 
 The
 amount shown in the Stock Awards and Option Awards columns represents the aggregate grant date fair value
 of awards computed in accordance with ASC 718, not the actual amounts paid to or realized by the directors during fiscal 2021. The
 fair value of each stock option award is estimated as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Additional information
 regarding the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of all stock option awards is included in Note 9b-c Consolidated Financial
 Statements. 

On
March 15, 2020, our board of directors approved a quarterly fee of 4,000 payable to each of our currently serving directors, excluding
Professor Benad Goldwasser. On each of April, 9, 2021 and August 12, 2021, our board of directors approved the same terms for directors
appointed subsequent to March 15, 2020. On May 15, 2022, the board of directors approved a quarterly fee in the amount of 2,000 payable
to a director for each committee on which such director serves, if any, with such fee in addition to any other fees to which such director
is entitled as a member of the board of directors or any other committee. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder matters 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
table below provides information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 28, 2023, of (i) each of our current
directors, (ii) each of the Named Executive Officers, (iii) all of our current directors and officers as a group, and (iv) each person
or entity known to us who owns more than 5 of our common stock. 

The
percentage of common stock beneficially owned is based on 10,432,518 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 28, 2023. The number
and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a person or entity also include shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants
that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. However, these shares are not deemed to
be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of shares beneficially owned of any other person or entity. 

49 

Unless
otherwise indicated below, the address for each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o ScoutCam Inc., Suite 7A and 3B, Industrial
Park, P.O. Box 3030, Omer, Israel 8496500. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature 
of Beneficial 
Ownership (1) 

Percent of Class 

Prof. Benad Goldwasser (2) 

430,633 

3.98 

Shmuel Donnerstein (3) 

120,654 

1.15 

Ronen Rosenbloom (4) 

19,728 

Lior Amit (5) 

33,082 

Inbal Kreiss (6) 

10,683 

Moshe (Mori) Arkin (7) 

5,854,754 

44.96 

Zeev Vurembrand (8) 

9,347 

Yehu Ofer 

- 

- 

Tanya Yosef (9) 

41,460 

Amir Govrin (10) 

82,874 

Katrin Dlugach (11) 

51,414 

Jacob Avinu 

- 

- 

Arik Priel (12) 

19,999 

Directors and officers as a group (13 individuals) 

6,674,628 

48.61 

Medigus Ltd. 

1,924,575 

18.45 

The More Group (13) 

1,000,355 

9.16 

The Phoenix Holdings (14) 

3,240,378 

26.89 

The Meitav Dash Group (15) 

910,136 

8.36 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is
 determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
 Each of the beneficial owners named in the table have, to our knowledge, direct ownership of and sole voting and investment power
 with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

(2) 
 Includes options to purchase
 386,692 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(3) 
 Includes options to purchase
 51,717 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes options to purchase
 19,728 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(5) 
 Includes options to purchase
 33,082 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(6) 
 Includes options to purchase
 10,683 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(7) 
 Securities
 included herein are held directly by Mr. Moshe Arkin, Mr. Arkin through his individual retirement account, or by M. Arkin (1999)
 Ltd, a company wholly-owned by Mr. Arkin. These securities include warrants to purchase 2,575,164 shares of common stock and options
 to purchase 15,721 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28,
 2023. 

(8) 
 Includes options to purchase
 9,347 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

50 

(9) 
 Includes options to purchase 41,460 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(10) 
 Includes options to purchase 82,874 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(11) 
 Includes options to purchase 51,414 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(12) 
 Includes options to purchase 19,999 shares of common stock which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

(13) 
 Based on information provided to or available to the Company, consists of warrants to purchase 485,343 shares of common stock. The business address of the More Group is BSR Tower 1, 2 Ben Gurion Street, Ramat Gan, Israel. 

(14) 
 Based on information provided to or available to the Company and on the Schedule 13G/A filed by The Phoenix Holdings with the SEC on February 14, 2023, which provides that the securities are beneficially owned by various direct or indirect, majority or wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Phoenix Holdings Ltd. (the Subsidiaries ). The Subsidiaries manage their own funds and/or the funds of others, including for holders of exchange-traded notes or various insurance policies, members of pension or provident funds, unit holders of mutual funds, and portfolio management clients. Each of the Subsidiaries operates under independent management and makes its own independent voting and investment decisions. These securities include 1,620,189 warrants to purchase shares of common stock, which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. The business address of the Phoenix Holdings Ltd. is Derech Hashalom 53, Givataim 53454, Israel. 

(15) 
 Based on information provided to or available to the Company, consists of warrants to purchase 455,068 shares of common stock. 

Item
13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

On
April 20, 2020, Medigus and ScoutCam Ltd. entered into an Intercompany Services Agreement, which amended and restated the intercompany
services agreement executed between the parties on May 30, 2019. The agreement has an initial term of one year, and renews automatically
for additional one-year periods, unless either party provides 60 (sixty) days written notice of non-renewal. Either Medigus or ScoutCam
Ltd. may terminate the agreement for convenience upon providing 60 days prior written notice. The services to be provided by ScoutCam
Ltd. include the provision of office space, utilities, car services, insurance, and chief financial officer services. In consideration
for the foregoing services, ScoutCam Ltd. is entitled to arm s length service fees based on the most recent transfer pricing analysis
as performed by an external expert, which may be adjusted from time to time. On March 22, 2022, ScoutCam Ltd. provided prior written
notice to Medigus of termination of the Intercompany Services Agreement effective May 21, 2022. 

On
May 18, 2020, we entered into and consummated a securities purchase agreement with M. Arkin (1999) Ltd. Arkin Ltd. ), a
company wholly-owned by Moshe Arkin, a major shareholder of our Company and member of our board of directors, in connection with the
sale and issuance of 229,569 units Arkin Units ), at a purchase price of 8.712 per Arkin Unit, and for an aggregate purchase
price of 2,000,000 (the Arkin Transaction ). Each Arkin Unit consists of: (i) two shares of common stock and (ii) (a) one
warrant to purchase one share of common stock with an exercise price of 5.355 Warrant A and (b) two warrants, each to
purchase one share of common stock with an exercise price of 8.037 Warrant B , and together with Warrant A, the Arkin
Warrants ). The shares of common stock and Arkin Warrants were issued to Arkin Ltd. pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

51 

Also
on May 18, 2020, and in connection with the Arkin Transaction, we, Medigus and Arkin Ltd. entered into a Voting Agreement, pursuant to
which Arkin Ltd. and Medigus each agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock in favor of the election of the opposite party s
designated representative(s), as applicable, to our board of directors. Each of Arkin Ltd. s and Medigus rights under the
Voting Agreement are contingent upon, inter alia, such party maintaining certain beneficial ownership thresholds in our company. 

Also
on May 18, 2020, in connection with the Arkin Transaction, we, Medigus and Arkin, entered into the Letter Agreement, whereby, provided
that we obtain certain regulatory approvals described therein, we and Medigus agreed to amend certain terms of the Amended and Restated
Asset Transfer Agreement and the License Agreement, thereby transferring outright certain patent assets from Medigus to us; provided,
however, that in the event that we neglect the foregoing patent assets, we must transfer back ownership of the patent assets to Medigus
for no additional consideration and absent any additional contingencies. On July 27, 2020, Medigus and ScoutCam Ltd. entered into each
of the Addendum No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Asset Transfer Agreement, or the Addendum, and the Patent License Agreement Termination,
in order to reflect and effect the amendments agreed upon in the Letter Agreement. 

Beginning
on January 1, 2021 and as of the date hereof, our board of directors authorized the allotment of options to purchase 128,334 shares of
common stock to Prof. Benad Goldwasser and an aggregate of 901,842 options and RSUs to purchase shares of common stock to additional
directors and certain officers of our company. 

On
March 29, 2021, we issued to certain investors, including M. Arkin (1999) Ltd., 2,469,156 units in exchange for an aggregate purchase
price of 20 million. Each such unit consists of (i) one share of common stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common stock
with an exercise price of 10.35 per share. Each such warrant is exercisable until the close of business on March 31, 2026. Pursuant
to the terms of the foregoing warrants, following April 1, 2024, if the closing price of our the common stock equal or exceeds 135 of
the aforementioned exercise price (subject to appropriate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other
similar transactions after the issue date of the warrants) for any thirty (30) consecutive trading days, we may force the exercise of
the warrants, in whole or in part, by delivering to these investors a notice of forced exercise. The shares of common stock and the warrants
were issued to such investors pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The securities issued in connection
with the foregoing investment were registered by us for resale under a registration statement on Form S-1 declared effective on May 10,
2021. 

On March 16, 2023, we entered
into and consummated securities purchase agreements with (i) Moshe Arkin through his individual retirement account and (ii) The Phoenix
Insurance Company Ltd. Phoenix Insurance and Shotfut Menayot Israel Phoenix Amitim Phoenix Amitim ),
in connection with the sale and issuance of an aggregate of 3,294,117 units, at a purchase price of 4.25 per unit, and for an aggregate
purchase price of 14,000,000. Each unit consists of: (i) one share of common stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of common
stock with an exercise price of 5.50. As with Mr. Arkin, Phoenix Insurance and Phoenix Amitim are existing shareholders of the Company.
The shares of common stock and warrants were issued pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee is responsible for approving or ratifying related person transactions pursuant to ScoutCam s related person transaction
approval policy contained in the audit committee charter. In reviewing and approving any such related person transactions, the audit
committee shall consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that
could be obtained in an arm s length transaction and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. The
audit committee shall have the authority to establish guidelines for related person transactions and intercompany arrangements where
it deems it to be appropriate. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that Professor Benad Goldwasser, Mr. Shmuel Donnerstein, Ms. Inbal Kreiss, Mr. Lior Amit and Mr. Zeev
Vurembrand do not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director and that each of these directors is independent . We are not currently subject to listing requirements of
any national securities exchange, which generally stipulate certain requirements that a majority of a company s board of directors
be classified as independent . As a result, we are not at this time required to have our board of directors comprised of
a majority of independent directors . Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have voluntarily adopted the definition of independent 
as defined under Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2), and believe Professor Goldwasser, Mr. Donnerstein, Ms. Kreiss, Mr. Amit and Mr. Vurembrand qualify
accordingly. 

52 

Item
14. Principal accounting fees and services 

Audit
and Accounting Fees 

The
following table sets forth the fees billed to our Company for professional services rendered by Brightman Almagor Zohar Co., a
firm in the Deloitte global network, and Kesselman Kesselman, a member of PricwaterhouseCoopers International Limited, for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022: 

Services 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

in thousands 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 85 (3) 
 240 (4) 
 
 Tax fees (2) 
 21 
 16 
 
 Total fees 
 106 
 256 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees consist of audit and review services, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

(2) 
 Tax
 fees consist of services related to representing the Company before the Israel Tax Authority in a VAT assessment. 

(3) 
 Audit
 Fees in 2022 were for services rendered by Brightman Almagor Zohar Co., a firm in the Deloitte global network. 

(4) 
 Audit
 Fees in 2021 consist of 123,000 in connection with the services rendered by Brightman Almagor Zohar Co., a firm in the Deloitte
 global network, and 117,000in connection with the services rendered by Kesselman Kesselman, a member of PricwaterhouseCoopers
 International Limited. 

Audit
Committee Administration of Engagement 

The
audit committee maintains a pre-approval policy that provides guidelines for the audit, audit-related, tax, and other permissible non-audit
services that may be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm (the independent auditors) in order to ensure that
the provision of such services does not impair the auditor s independence. Under this policy, the audit committee annually pre-approves
the audit fee and terms of the engagement, as set forth in the engagement letter, along with a specified list of audit-related and tax
services. If any service to be provided by the independent auditors has not received pre-approval during this annual process, it will
require specific pre-approval by the audit committee. 

53 

Part
IV 

Item
15. exhibits AND financial statement schedules 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
Description 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021) 
 
 3.2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Asset Transfer Agreement, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Medigus Ltd., dated December 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2019) 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Prof. Benad Goldwasser, dated July 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2019) 
 
 10.3 
 
 2020 Share Incentive Plan 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Notice of Option Grant and Option Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Notice of RSU Grant and RSU Agreement 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Amir Govrin, dated May 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to our Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2020) 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Tanya Yosef, dated January 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021) 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Katrin Dlugach, dated July 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated May 18, 2020, by and among ScoutCam Inc. Medigus Ltd. and M. Arkin (1999) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 19, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Addendum No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Asset Transfer Agreement, dated July 27, 2020, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Medigus Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 19, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Purchase Order Form, between ScoutCam Inc. and the Investors in the March 2021 Private Placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2021) 
 
 10.13+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 26 , 2021, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Arik Priel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022) 
 
 10.14+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 13, 2022, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Yehu Ofer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2022) 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated September 20, 2022, by and between ScoutCam Ltd. and Jacob Avinu. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 16, 2023 by and between ScoutCam Inc. and the Investors defined therein . (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023) 

54 

10.26 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 16, 2023 by and between ScoutCam Inc. and the Investors defined therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 16, 2023, among ScoutCam Inc. and the Investor defined therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 16, 2023, among ScoutCam Inc. and the Investor defined therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2019) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith 

Certain
 confidential information contained in this exhibit, marked by brackets, was omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii)
 would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. [ ] indicates where the information has
 been omitted from this exhibit 
 
 + 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

(b) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set out therein is not applicable or is shown
 in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Item
16. Form 10-K summary 

Not
applicable. 

55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SCOUTCAM
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Yehu Ofer 

Name: 
 Yehu
 Ofer 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March
 28, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Yehu Ofer 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Yehu
 Ofer 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Tanya Yosef 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Tanya
 Yosef 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Benad Goldwasser 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Benad
 Goldwasser 

/s/
Shmuel Donnerstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Shmuel
 Donnerstein 

/s/
 Ronen Rosenbloom 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Ronen
 Rosenbloom 

/s/
 Lior Amit 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Lior
 Amit 

/s/
Mori Arkin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Mori
 Arkin 

/s/
Inbal Kreiss 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Inbal
 Kreiss 

/s/
Zeev Vurembrand 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 28, 2023 
 
 Zeev
 Vurembrand 

56 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements in US Dollars (USD) in thousands 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Scoutcam Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Scoutcam Inc. and its Subsidiary (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Stock-Based
Compensation to Employees, Directors and Service Providers Stock Options Refer to Notes 2i and 9b to the consolidated
financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company issues various types of equity awards, including stock options. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
stock options related compensation expense of 1.49 million. The Company estimated the fair value of these stock options granted using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model required management to make a number of assumptions, of
which the most significant are the stock price volatility and the expected option term. 

Auditing
the Company s accounting of stock-based options required auditor judgment due to the subjectivity of assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of stock-based options granted. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the stock-based compensation included the following, among others: 

We
 assessed the accuracy and completeness of the awards granted during the year by reading the
 relevant Board of Directors minutes and grant documents. 

We
 evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation method used for the stock option grants and
 whether the method used for determining fair value was applied consistently with the valuation
 of similar grants in prior periods. 

We
 evaluated the significant assumptions used by management to calculate the fair value of stock
 options granted. Such evaluation included independent calculation of the expected volatility. 

We
 developed an independent estimate of the fair value for all the grants during the year and
 compared our estimate of fair value to the fair value used by management. 

/s/

Certified
Public Accountants 

 A
Firm in the Deloitte Global Network 

March
28, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

F- 2 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

USD
 in thousands 

Assets 
 Note 

CURRENT
 ASSETS: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Short
 terms deposits 
 3 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory 
 4 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 current assets 

NON-CURRENT
 ASSETS: 

Contract
 fulfillment assets 
 10 

Property
 and equipment, net 
 5 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 
 11 

Severance
 pay asset 

Total
 non-current assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

Liabilities
 and shareholders equity 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Accounts
 payable 

Contract
 liabilities - short term 
 10 

Operating
 lease liabilities - short term 
 11 

Accrued
 compensation expenses 

Related
 parties 
 8 

Other
 accrued expenses 
 6 

Total
 current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Contract
 liabilities - long term 
 10 

Operating
 lease liabilities - long term 
 11 

Liability
 for severance pay 

Total
 non-current liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY: 
 9 

Common
stock, par
value; shares authorized
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

TOTAL
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 

Year
 ended December 31, 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 

USD
 in thousands (except per share data) 

REVENUES 
 10 

COST
 OF REVENUES 

GROSS
 LOSS 

RESEARCH
 AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES 
 12 

SALES
 AND MARKETING EXPENSES 

GENERAL
 AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 13 

OPERATING
 LOSS 

OTHER
 INCOME 

FINANCING
 INCOME (EXPENSES), NET 

LOSS
 BEFORE TAXES ON INCOME 

TAXES
 ON INCOME 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 NET
 LOSS 

Net
 loss per share (basic and diluted, in USD) 

Weighted
 average common shares (basic and diluted, in thousands) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common
 stock 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 Total 
 Shareholders equity 

Number
 in thousands 
 Amount 
 USD
 in thousands 

Balance
 at January 1, 2022 

Stock
 based compensation (see note 9) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Common
 stock 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 Total 
 Shareholders equity 

Number
 in thousands 
 Amount 
 USD
 in thousands 

Balance
 at January 1, 2021 

Balance 

Issuance
 of shares and warrants (see note 9) 

- 

Exercise
 of warrants (see note 9) 

- 

Stock
 based compensation (see note 9) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Round
 up of shares due to reverse stock split (see note 9) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

USD
 in thousands 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock
 based compensation 

Profit
 (loss) from exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents 

Profit
 from exchange differences from operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Severance
 pay asset and liability 

Interest
 income in respect of deposits 

CHANGES
 IN OPERATING ASSET AND LIABILITY: 

Decrease
 (increase) in accounts receivable 

Decrease
 (increase) in inventory 

Increase
 (decrease) in operating lease liability 

Decrease
 (increase) in ROU asset 

Decrease
 (increase) in other current assets 

Increase
 in account payables 

Increase
 (decrease) in contract fulfillment assets 

Increase
 in contract liabilities 

Increase
 (decrease) in accrued compensation expenses 

Increase
 in related parties 

Increase
 in other accrued expenses 

Net
 cash flows used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Withdrawal
 of short terms deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Investment
 in short terms deposits 

Net
 cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of shares and warrants 
 - 

Proceeds
 from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Issuance
 expenses 
 - 

Net
 cash flows provided by financing activities 
 - 

INCREASE
 IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

BALANCE
 OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

PROFITS
 FROM EXCHANGE DIFFERENCES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

BALANCE
 OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

F- 6 

Non
cash activities - 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

USD
 in thousands 
 
 Non
 cash activities 

Right-of-use
 assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Increase
 in property and equipment through a decrease in advances to suppliers 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 GENERAL (continued) : 

b. 
 On
 August 9, 2021, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to effect a 
 reverse stock split of its outstanding Common Stock. 

As
 a result of the reverse stock split, every nine shares of the Company s outstanding Common Stock were combined and reclassified
 into one share of the Company s Common Stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with or following the reverse
 split. The amount of authorized capital of the Company s Common Stock and par value of such shares remained unchanged. 

All
 share, stock option and per share information in these consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect the reverse
 stock split on a retroactive basis. 

. 
 c. 
 Since
 incorporation of ScoutCam and through December 31, 2022, the Company accumulated a deficit of approximately 25 million
 and its activities have been funded mainly by its shareholders. The Company s management believes the Company cash and
 cash resources as of December 31, 2022 as well as its proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants in the private offering as
 detailed in Note 14, will allow the Company to fund its operating plan through at least the
next 12 months. However, the Company expects to continue to incur significant research and development and other costs related to its
ongoing operations and in order to continue its future operations, the Company will need to obtain additional funding until becoming profitable. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

 allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded. 

 - 
 
 Office
 furniture and equipment 

Computers
 and computer software 

Leasehold
 improvements 

of their monthly salary, made in their name with insurance
companies. Contributions under Section 14 relieve ScoutCam from any future severance payment obligation with respect to those employees.
The aforementioned contributions are not recorded as an asset on the Company s balance sheet and there is no liability recorded,
as the Company does not have a future obligation to make any additional payments. 

The
asset and the liability for severance pay presented in the balance sheets reflects employees that began employment prior to automatic
application of Section 14. 

The
severance pay liability of ScoutCam to its employees that began employment prior to automatic application of Section 14 is based upon
the number of years of service and the latest monthly salary of such employees and is partly covered by regular deposits with recognized
pension funds and deposits with severance pay funds. Under labor laws, these deposits are in the employees names and, subject
to certain limitations, are the property of the employees. ScoutCam records the obligation as if it were payable at each balance sheet
date on an undiscounted basis. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

(a)
the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Company s performance; (b) the Company s performance
creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or (c) the Company s performance does
not create an asset with an alternative use for the Company and the Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed
to date. 

If
a performance obligation is not satisfied over time, a Company satisfies the performance obligation at a point in time. 

The
transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis
and revenue is recognized for each performance obligation when control has passed. In most cases, the Company is able to establish SSP
based on the observable prices of services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers and for products based on
the Company s best estimates of the price at which the Company would have sold the product regularly on a stand-alone basis. The
Company reassesses the SSP on a periodic basis or when facts and circumstances change. 

Product
Revenue 

Revenues
from product sales are recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the Company s product, typically upon
shipment to the customer. Indirect taxes collected from customers relating to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities
are excluded from revenues. 

Service
Revenue 

The
Company also generates revenues from development services. Revenue from development services is recognized over the period of the applicable
service contract. To the extent development services are not distinct from the performance obligation relating to the subsequent mass
production phase of the prototype under development, revenue from these services is deferred until commencement of the production phase
of the project and are then recognized over the expected term production. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, with maturities of up to months. 

Work
 in progress 

Finished
 goods 

Inventory
 Net 

During
the years 2022 and 2021, impairment occurred. 

Leasehold
 improvements, office furniture and equipment 

Computers
 and computer software 

Total
 property and equipment, gross 

Less:
 accumulated deprecation 

Total
 property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expenses were thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accrued
 expenses 

Total
 other accrued expenses 

. 

2. Tax rates applicable to the income of the U.S. company: 

The
 Company is taxed according to U.S. tax laws. 

The U.S. corporate tax rate from the year 2018 and onwards
 is . 

b. 
 Deferred
 income taxes: 

Deferred
 income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
 reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets
 are as follows: 

Net deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax 
 - 
 - 

As
 of December 31, 2022, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance of thousand in respect
 of deferred tax assets resulting from tax loss carryforward and other temporary differences. Management currently believes that because
 the Company has a history of losses, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax regarding the loss carryforward and other temporary
 differences will not be realized in the foreseeable future. 

c. 
 Available
 carryforward tax losses: 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an accumulated tax loss carryforward of approximately thousand. Carryforward tax losses in Israel
are of unlimited duration. Under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act (subject to modifications under the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act), federal net operating losses (NOL) incurred in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017 and in
future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating losses is limited. It is uncertain
if and to what extent various states will conform to the newly enacted federal tax law. 

In
addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation
undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change, by value, in its
equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change
tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. Such limitations may result in the expiration of net operating
losses before utilization. 

d. 
 The main reconciling item between the statutory tax rate of the Company
and the effective tax rate is the recognition of valuation allowance in respect of deferred taxes relating to accumulated net operating
losses carried forward due to the uncertainty of the realization of such deferred taxes. 

e. 
 As
 of December 31, 2021, ScoutCam owed NIS thousand, (approximately thousand) in additional
 taxes to the Israel Tax Authority following a VAT audit in Israel for 2019-2021. 

On
 November 18, 2021, ScoutCam filed an appeal to the Israeli Tax Authority on the finding of the VAT audit. 

Due
 to the uncertainty regarding the outcome of the appeal, the financial statements as of December 31, 2021 included a provision
 related to the additional taxes of 
 thousand, which was included in general and administrative expenses in the statement of operation report. 

In
 July 2022, ScoutCam reached an agreement with the Israeli Tax Authority, according to which the amount due in additional taxes was
 reduced to NIS thousand (approximately thousand). 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 
 
 Smartec
 R D Ltd. (see note 8c) 
 
 - 
 
 Medigus 
 - 

b. 
 On
 May 18, 2020, the Company allocated in a private issuance to M. Arkin (1999) Ltd. Arkin a total of units
 (as described in note 9c) at a purchase price of per unit Arkin Transaction ). 

In connection with the Arkin Transaction, the Company, Medigus
and Arkin entered into a voting agreement, pursuant to which Arkin and Medigus each agreed to vote their respective shares of common
stock in favor of the election of the opposite party s designated representative(s), as applicable, to the Board Voting
Agreement ). Each of Arkin s and Medigus rights under the Voting Agreement are contingent upon, inter alia, such party
maintaining a certain beneficial ownership threshold in the Company as follows: 

(a)
 One person designated by Arkin is to be elected, for as long as Arkin, continues to beneficially own at least eight percent of the
 issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company. 

(b)
 Three persons designated by Medigus are to be elected, for as long as Medigus, continues to beneficially own at least thirty five
 percent of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company. 

(c)
 Two persons designated by Medigus are to be elected for as long as Medigus, continues to beneficially own less than thirty five percent
 and more than twenty percent of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company. 

(d)
 One person designated by Medigus is to be elected for as long as Medigus, continues to beneficially
 own less than twenty percent and more than eight percent of the issued and outstanding capital
 stock of the Company. 

c. 
 During
 2021 and 2022 the Company received development services from Smartec R D Ltd., a company owned by the Company s CTO. 

Total
 compensation for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 was thousands and thousands, respectively. 

d.
 
 During
 2021 the Company received financial consultant services from Anona De Finance Ltd., a company owned by one of the Company s
 directors. 

Total
 expenses for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 was approximately thousands. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock par value per share, such that the authorized share capital of the Company following such increase
shall be consisting of shares of common stock. 

a. Private
 placement: 

1. 
 In
 December 2019, the Company allocated in a private placement, a total of units at a purchase price of per unit. . The immediate proceeds (gross) from the issuance of the units amounted to approximately million. 

Each
Warrant A was exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share during the 12 month
period following the allocation. Each Warrant B is exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of
 per share during the month period following the allocation. 

In
addition, Shrem Zilberman Group Ltd. (the Consultant will be entitled to receive the amount representing of any exercise
price of each Warrant A or Warrant B that may be exercised in the future. In the event the total proceeds received as a result of exercise
of warrants will be less than million at the time of their expiration, the Consultant will be required to invest in the Company
in return for shares of common stock of Company. As of December 31, 2021, holders of the foregoing warrants have exercised in excess
of million and, accordingly, the Consultant is not required to invest in the Company. 

During
2020, Warrants A were exercised, and unexercised Warrants A expired on . 

The
Consultant received thousand following the exercise of Warrants A. 

During
the second quarter of 2021, Warrants B were exercised, and unexercised Warrants B expired on . 

The
Consultant received thousand following the exercise of Warrants B. 

2. 
 On
 March 3, 2020, the Company issued in a private placement a total of units at a purchase price of per unit. 

. 

Each
Warrant A was exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share during the month
period following the allocation. 

Each
Warrant B is exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share during the month period
following the allocation. 

The
gross proceeds from the issuance of all securities offered amounted to approximately thousands. After deducting issuance costs,
the Company received proceeds of approximately thousand. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
9 EQUITY (continued): 

During
2021, Warrants A were exercised. 

unexercised Warrants B expired on . 

3. 
 On
 May 18, 2020, the Company allocated in a private placement to Arkin a total of units at a purchase price of per unit. 

. 

Each
Warrant A was exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share during the month
period following the allocation. 

Each
Warrant B is exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share during the month period
following the allocation. 

The
gross proceeds from the issuance of all securities offered amounted to approximately million. After deducting issuance costs, the
Company received proceeds of approximately million. 

During
February 2021, Warrants A were exercised. 

During
November 2021, Warrants A were exercised. 

4. 
 On
 June 23, 2020, (the Conversion Date ), the Company entered into a side letter
 agreement with Medigus whereby the parties agreed to convert, at a conversion price of 
 per share, an outstanding line of credit previously extended by Medigus to ScoutCam, which
 as of the Conversion Date had outstanding, into (a) shares of the Company s
 common stock, (b) to Warrant A (as described below), and (c) Warrant B (as
 described below). As the conversion price represented the same unit price as in the March
 2020 and May 2020 private placements, no finance expenses have been recorded in statement
 of operations as a result of the conversion. 
 
 Each
 Warrant A is exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share during the months
 period following the allocation. 
 
 Each
 Warrant B is exercisable into share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share during the months
 period following the allocation. 
 
 During
 June 2021, Warrants A were exercised. 
 
 On
 December 23, 2021, unexercised Warrants B expired. 

5. 
 On
 March 29, 2021, the Company issued to certain investors, including Arkin, a major stockholder of the Company, of which Mori Arkin,
 a director of the company, is the owner, units in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 per share . Each such warrant is exercisable until the close of business on . Pursuant to the terms of the foregoing
 warrants, following April 1, 2024, if the closing price of Company common stock equal or exceeds of the aforementioned exercise
 price (subject to appropriate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions after
 the issue date of the warrants) for any thirty (30) consecutive trading days, the Company may force the exercise of the warrants,
 in whole or in part, by delivering to these investors a notice of forced exercise. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
9 EQUITY (continued): 

b. Stock-based
 compensation to employees, directors and service providers: 

In
February 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved the 2020 Share Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

The
Plan initially included a pool of shares of common stock for grant to Company employees, consultants, directors and other service
providers. On March 15, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an increase to the Company s option pool pursuant
to the Plan by an additional shares of common stock. On June 22, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an increase
to the Company s option pool pursuant to the Plan by an additional shares of common stock. During the second quarter of
2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved an increase to the Company s option pool pursuant to the Plan by an additional
 shares of common stock. 

The
Plan is designed to enable the Company to grant options to purchase shares of common stock and RSUs under various and different tax regimes
including, without limitation: (i) pursuant and subject to Section 102 of the Israeli Tax Ordinance or any provision which may amend
or replace it and any regulations, rules, orders or procedures promulgated thereunder and to designate them as either grants made through
a trustee or not through a trustee; and (ii) pursuant and subject to Section 3 (i) of the Israeli Tax Ordinance. 

During
2021, the Company granted options pursuant to the Plan. 

During
2022, the Company granted options pursuant to the Plan. 

Options
granted generally have a contractual term of and vest over a period of three to . 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
9 EQUITY (continued): 

Stock
Option Activity 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 - December 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 - December 31, 2022 

Options
 Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of options granted is calculated as the difference between the exercise price and
the closing price on the same date. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of stock option awards on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average
grant date fair value per option granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The fair value of each award is estimated
using Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following assumptions: 

 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise
 price ) 
 
 - 
 
 Expected
 volatility ) 
 
 - 
 
 Term
 of the options (years) 

Risk-free
 interest rate ) 
 - 
 - 

Volatility
is derived from the historical volatility of publicly traded set of peer companies. The risk-free interest rates used in the Black-Scholes
calculations are based on the prevailing U.S. Treasury yield as determined by the U.S. Federal Reserve. The Company has not paid dividends
and does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, no dividend yield was assumed for purposes of estimating
the fair value of the Company s stock-based compensation. The weighted average expected life of options was estimated individually
in respect of each grant. 

The
unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair-value method for stock options expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 is
approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

During
2022 and 2021 the Company s Board of Directors authorized the grant of options to purchase shares of common stock of
the Company and shares of common stock of the Company,
respectively, to Prof. Goldwasser, the Chairman of the Board. Total expenses recorded regarding this grant, for the year
ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, are thousand and thousand, respectively. 

During 2021 the Company s Board of Directors
authorized the grant of options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company to directors of the Company. Total expenses
recorded regarding this grant, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, are thousand and thousand, respectively. 

During
2022 and 2021 the Company s Board of Directors authorized the grant of options to purchase 
 shares of common stock of the Company and 335,987
shares of common stock of the Company, respectively, to certain officers of the Company. Total expenses recorded regarding this grant,
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, are 523 thousand and 871 thousand, respectively. 

 Compensation expense recorded by the Company in respect of its stock-based
employees, directors and service providers compensation awards in accordance with ASC 718-10 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 amounted to thousands and thousands, respectively. 

c. Restricted
 stock unit RSU to employees and service providers: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted RSUs pursuant to the Plan. 

Each
RSU will vest based on continued service which is generally over three years. The grant date fair value of the award will be recognized
as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of restricted stock units was estimated on the
date of grant based on the fair value of the Company s common stock. 

The
cost of the benefit embodied in the RSU granted during 2022, based on their fair value as at the grant date, is estimated to be approximately
 thousand. These amounts will be recognized in the statements of operations over the vesting period. 

- 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 
 Unvested
 and Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

The
unrecognized compensation expense calculated under the fair-value method for RSU expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 is approximately
 thousand and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

During
2022 the Company s Board of Directors authorized the grant of options to purchase 
 shares of common stock of the Company to certain
officers of the Company. Total expenses recorded regarding this grant, for the year ended December 31, 2022, are thousand. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 
 
 Products 

) 
 multinational healthcare
corporation Customer A and moved from the development
 phase of the project to its production phase. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized development
 services revenues and related development costs that had been previously deferred, in the amounts of thousand and thousand,
 respectively. The amounts were recognized based on the expected manufacturing term of the product, which the Company estimates at
 . 

In
addition, following the commencement of the production phase, the Company recognized product revenues of 
 thousands during the year ended December 31,
2022 from the sale of units of the product developed in the context of these development services. 

b. 
 Revenues
 by geographical area (based on the location of customers) 

United
 Kingdom 

Israel 
 - 

Other 

Revenue 

c. 
 Major
 customers 

- 

Customer
 B 
 - 

Customer
 C 

d. 
 Contract
 fulfillment assets and Contract liabilities: 

Contract
 liabilities 

Contract
liabilities include advance payments, which are primarily related to advanced billings for development services. 

Additions
 during the year 
 - 

Contract
 costs recognized during the period 
 
 - 
 
 Balance
 at end of year 

The
change in contract liabilities: 

2022 
 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

USD
 in thousands 

Balance
 at beginning of year 

Deferred
 revenue relating to new sales 

Revenue
 recognized during the year 

Balance
 at end of year 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

Remaining
Performance Obligations RPO represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue
and amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. As of December 31, 2022, the total RPO amounted to thousand,
which the Company expects to recognize over the expected manufacturing term of the product under development. 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

thousand and thousand, respectively. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Group s ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases totaled thousand and thousand, respectively. 

. In March 2021, ScoutCam entered into a lease agreement for additional office space in Omer, Israel. The agreement is until December
31, 2023. Monthly lease payments under the agreements are approximately thousand. ScoutCam subleases part of the office space to
a third party for thousand per month. 

The agreement expires on December 14, 2023, and the Company has an option
to extend the lease period for an additional one year. The Company doesn t expect to extend the lease period. Therefore, the Company has elected
to use the practical expedient regarding short-term leases. Monthly lease payments under the agreements are thousand. 

In
addition, the Company leases vehicles under various operating lease agreements. 

Operating
lease expenses were thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Weighted-average
 discount rate 

2024 

2025 

Total
 undiscounted lease payments 

Less:
 Imputed interest 

Total
 lease liabilities 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Materials
 and subcontractors 

Depreciation 

Travel
 expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Vehicle
 expenses 

Rent
 and maintenance and other expenses 

Research
 and Development expenses 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Professional
 services 

Patents 

Depreciation 

Insurance 

Vehicle
 expenses 

Rent
 and maintenance and other expenses 

VAT
 provision (note 7e) 

General
 and Administrative expenses 

units (collectively, the Units ), at a purchase price of 
per Unit, and for an aggregate purchase price of .
Each Unit consists of: (i) one share of the Company s common stock par value 
per share (the Common Stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock with an exercise price of
 
(the Warrants ). The Warrants are immediately exercisable and will expire three 
years from the date of issuance and will be subject to customary adjustments. 

F- 27 

<EX-3.2_1>
 2
 ex3-2_1.htm

Exhibit
3.2.1 

BYLAWS 

 OF 

 SCOUTCAM
INC. 

(effective
as of July 27, 2021) 

ARTICLE
I 

Meetings
of Stockholders and Stockholder Matters 

SECTION
1. Annual Meeting . An annual meeting of the stockholders of ScoutCam Inc., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter, the Corporation for the election of directors to succeed only those whose terms expire in such year (the Applicable Class and for the
transaction of such other proper business as my properly come before the meeting shall be held at such time, date and place, either within
or without the State of Nevada, as shall be designated by resolution of the Board of Directors. The
Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but instead shall be held
solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Nevada Revised Statutes (as amended from time to time, the NRS . 

SECTION
2. Special Meetings . Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Board of Directors acting
pursuant to a resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors then in office. Only those matters set forth
in the notice of the special meeting may be considered or acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. No other
person(s) may call a meeting of the stockholders. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion,
determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but instead shall be held solely by means of remote communication as provided
under the NRS. 

SECTION
3. Notice of Meetings . Written notice of each meeting of the stockholders, which shall state the time, date and place of the meeting
and in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which it is called, shall, unless otherwise provided by applicable
law, the Articles of Incorporation or these bylaws, be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of
such meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, and, if mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail, postage
prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Whenever notice
is required to be given, a written waiver thereof signed by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein,
shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except
when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

SECTION
4. Adjournments . Any meeting of the stockholders may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and
notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment
is taken. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum may be present, the Corporation may transact any business which might have
been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date
is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at
the meeting. 

SECTION
5. Quorum . Except as otherwise provided by Nevada law, the Articles of Incorporation or these bylaws, the holders of at least
33 1/3 percent of the voting power of all classes and series of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy,
regardless of whether the proxy has authority to vote on all matters, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for
the transaction of business. In the absence of a quorum, the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by
proxy and entitled to vote may adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner described in Section 4 of this Article I. 

SECTION
6. Organization . At each meeting of the stockholders, the Chairman of the Board, or in his or her absence or inability to act,
the Chief Executive Officer or, in his or her absence, the President or, in his absence or inability to act, a Vice President or, in
the absence or inability to act of such persons, any person designated by the Board of Directors, shall act as chairman of the meeting.
The Secretary or, in his or her absence or inability to act, any person appointed by the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary
of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof. The chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall
determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct
of discussion as he or she deems to be appropriate. The chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the power to adjourn the
meeting to another place, if any, date and time. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which
the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. 

- 2 - 

SECTION
7. Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations . 

A.
Annual Meetings of Stockholders. 

Nominations
of persons for election to the Applicable Class of Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders
may be made at an annual meeting of the stockholders (a) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting or proxy materials with
respect to such meeting, (b) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a
stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice thereof who is entitled to vote at the meeting, who has held continuously at least
five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares
of the Corporation s common stock for at least one year prior to the date the Corporation receives the written notice and
who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this paragraph C of Section 7. 

B.
Special Meetings of Stockholders. 

Only
such business, as was presented before the meeting in accordance to Section 2 above, shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders.
The notice of such special meeting shall include the purpose for which the meeting is called. Nominations of candidates for election
to the Applicable Class of Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of the stockholders. Directors may be elected only by
or at the direction of the Board of Directors. 

C.
Certain Matters Pertaining to Stockholder Business and Nominations. 

(1)
For nominations or other business to be properly brought by a stockholder before an annual meeting pursuant to clause (c) of paragraph
A of this Section 7 or a special meeting pursuant to paragraph B of this Section 7, (1.) the stockholder must have given timely notice
thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, (2.) such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action
under the NRS, (3.) if the stockholder, or the beneficial owner on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, has provided
the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice, as that term is defined in this paragraph C, such stockholder or beneficial owner must, in
the case of a proposal, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a sufficient percentage of the Corporation s
voting shares required by law to carry any such proposal, or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, have delivered a proxy statement
and form of proxy to holders of a percentage of the Corporation s voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or beneficial
holder to be sufficient to elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and must, in either case, have
included in such materials the Solicitation Notice, and (4.) if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant
to paragraph C of this Section 6, the stockholder or beneficial owner proposing such business or nomination must not have solicited a
number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of such a Solicitation Notice under this Section. 

To
be timely, a stockholder s notice pertaining to an annual meeting shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive
office of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) or more than one-hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the first anniversary (the
 Anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided , however , that in
the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than thirty (30) days after the Anniversary,
to be timely, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business (at the principal executive office
of the Corporation) on the one-hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business
on the later of (i) the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or (ii) the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following
the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. Such stockholder s notice for
an annual meeting or a special meeting shall set forth: 

(a)
as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation in accordance
with the terms of these Bylaws: 

(i)
all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is
otherwise required, in each case, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director,
if elected); 

- 3 - 

(ii)
a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during
the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose
behalf any such proposal or nomination is being made, and their respective affiliates and associates, on the one hand, and each proposed
nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that
would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if
such stockholder, such beneficial owner, or any affiliate or associate thereof, were the registrant for purposes of such
rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant; 

(iii)
to the extent known by the stockholder, the name and address of any other securityholder of the Corporation who owns, beneficially or
of record, any securities of the Corporation and who supports any nominee proposed by such stockholder; and 

(iv)
the questionnaire and the representation and agreement, completed and signed by such person, as required by paragraph D of this Section
7; 

(b)
as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be
brought before the meeting, including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration, the reasons for conducting such business
at the meeting, any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal
is made, and to the extent known by the stockholder, the name and address of any other securityholder of the Corporation who owns, beneficially
or of record, any securities of the Corporation and who supports any matter such stockholder intends to propose; and 

(c)
as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made: 

(i)
the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s books, and of such beneficial owner; 

(ii)
(A) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation s capital stock which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially
and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right,
or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series
of the shares of the Corporation s capital stock or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series
of the shares of the Corporation s capital stock, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the
underlying class or series of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation (a Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly
owned beneficially by such stockholder and such beneficial owner as well as any other direct or indirect opportunity for such stockholder
and such beneficial owner to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation,
(C) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder has a right to vote any shares
of any security of the Corporation, (D) any short interest in any security of the Corporation (for purposes of these Bylaws, a person
shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding,
relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject
security), (E) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder that are separated or
separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (F) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments
held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder or beneficial owner (i) is a general partner
or, (ii) directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in such general partner, and (G) any performance-related fees (other than
an asset-based fee) that such stockholder or beneficial owner is entitled to on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the
Corporation or Derivative Instruments as of the date of such notice, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members
of such stockholder or beneficial owner s immediate family sharing the same household (which information shall be supplemented
by such stockholder and beneficial owner not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership
as of the record date; provided, however, that if such date is after the date of the meeting, not later than the day prior to the meeting); 

- 4 - 

(iii)
any other information relating to such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement
or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election
of directors in a contested election pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; 

(iv)
a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and any other
person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder; and 

(v)
a statement of whether or not either such stockholder or beneficial owner intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy, in
the case of a proposal, to holders of a sufficient percentage of the Corporation s voting shares required by law to carry the proposal
or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, to holders of a sufficient percentage of the Corporation s voting shares to elect
such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent, a Solicitation Notice ). 

(2)
In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of the stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors of an Applicable
Class to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder who has held continuously at least five percent
(5 or more of the outstanding shares of the Corporation s common stock for at least one year prior to the date the Corporation,
may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such directorship(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice
of meeting, provided, however, that the stockholder s notice required by paragraph C(1) of this Section 7 is delivered to the Secretary
at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting nor later
than the close of business on the later of (i) the sixtieth (60th) day prior to such special meeting, or (ii) the tenth (10th) day following
the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors
to be elected at such meeting. 

D.
General . 

(1)
Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 7 shall be eligible to serve as directors
of the Corporation and only such business brought before a meeting of the stockholders in accordance with the procedures set forth in
this Section 7 shall be conducted at such meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Restated Articles of Incorporation or these
Bylaws, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought
before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if any
proposed nomination or business is not in compliance herewith, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded. 

(2)
For purposes of this Section 7, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones
News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

(3)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 7 shall be deemed
to affect any rights (i) of the stockholders of the Corporation to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement
pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding to elect directors
under specified circumstances. 

- 5 - 

(4)
In addition to the requirements set forth elsewhere in these Bylaws, to be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director
of the Corporation, a person must deliver, in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 7(C) of
this Article I, to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation a completed and signed questionnaire with respect
to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is
being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in
the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to (A) any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any other person or entity as to how such person,
if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not
been disclosed to the Corporation or (B) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply,
if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (ii) is not and will not
become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any other person or entity, other than the Corporation, with respect
to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director of the Corporation,
and (iii) in such person s individual capacity and on behalf of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being
made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with, applicable law and all applicable publicly
disclosed corporate governance, code of conduct and ethics, conflict of interest, corporate opportunities, trading and any other policies
and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors. 

(5)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7, unless otherwise required by law, if a stockholder of the Corporation (or
a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear in person at the annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the
Corporation to make its nomination or propose any other matter, such nomination shall be disregarded and such other proposed matter shall
not be transacted, even if proxies in respect of such vote have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Article I, to
be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be (i) a duly authorized officer, manager or
partner of such stockholder or (ii) must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered
by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of the stockholders, and such person must produce such writing
or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the commencement of the meeting
of the stockholders. 

SECTION
8. Voting; Proxies . Unless otherwise provided by NRS or in the Articles of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at
any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock which has voting power upon the matter in question
held by such stockholder either (i) on the date fixed pursuant to the provisions of Section 9 of Article I of these bylaws as the record
date for the determination of the stockholders to be entitled to notice of or to vote at such meeting; or (ii) if no record date is fixed,
then at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given. Each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting
of the stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy. Any such proxy shall be delivered to the secretary
of such meeting at or prior to the time designated in the order of business for so delivering such proxies. At all meetings of the stockholders
for the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect. On all other matters, except as otherwise
required by Nevada law or the Articles of Incorporation, a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of the stockholders shall be necessary
to authorize any corporate action to be taken by vote of the stockholders. Unless required by NRS, or determined by the chairman of the
meeting to be advisable, the vote on any question other than the election of directors need not be by written ballot. On a vote by written
ballot, each written ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his proxy if there be such proxy, and shall state the number
of shares voted. 

SECTION
9. Fixing of Record Date for Stockholder Meetings . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice
of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date
shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date
shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders
shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date
for the adjourned meeting. 

SECTION
10. Fixing a Record Date for Other Purposes . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect
of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purposes of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record
date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date
shall not be more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any
such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

- 6 - 

SECTION
11. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation
shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote
at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the
name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during
ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting
is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is
to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected
by any stockholder of the Corporation who is present. 

SECTION
12. Inspectors . The Board of Directors may, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at
such meeting or any adjournment thereof. If the inspectors shall not be so appointed or if any of them shall fail to appear or act, the
chairman of the meeting shall appoint inspectors. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take
and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of
his or her ability. The inspectors shall determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the number of shares
represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents,
hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or
consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On
request of the chairman of the meeting or any stockholder entitled to vote thereat, the inspectors shall make a report in writing of
any challenge, question or matter determined by them and shall execute a certificate of any fact found by them. No director or candidate
for the office of director shall act as an inspector of an election of directors. Inspectors need not be stockholders. 

SECTION
13. Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise prohibited under exchange rules, any action required by statute to be taken at a
meeting of the shareholders, or any action which may be taken at a meeting of the stockholders, may be taken without a meeting if a consent
in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by stockholders representing a majority of shares entitled to vote with
respect to the subject matter thereof and such consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the stockholders.
The consent may be in more than one counterpart so long as each stockholder signs one of the counterparts. The signed consent, or a signed
copy shall be placed in the minute book. 

SECTION
14. Stock Ledger . The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine
the stock ledger, the list required by Section 11 of this Article I, the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at
any meeting of the stockholders. 

ARTICLE
II 

Board
of Directors 

SECTION
1. General Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors may exercise all such authority and powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not,
by NRS or the Articles of Incorporation, directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

SECTION
2. Number, Qualification . The Board of Directors shall consist of such number of Directors (not less than three (3) nor more than
ten (10)) as may be fixed from time to time by affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office. 

The
Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be divided into three classes, with the term of office of the first class to expire at the
first annual meeting of the stockholders following the initial classification of directors and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified, the term of office of the second class to expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders following the initial
classification of directors and until their successors are duly elected and qualified, and the term of office of the third class to expire
at the third annual meeting of the stockholders following the initial classification of directors and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. At each annual meeting of the stockholders, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall
be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders after their election and until their
successors are duly elected and qualified, and if authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors, directors may be elected to fill
any vacancy on the Board of Directors, regardless of how such vacancy was created. 

- 7 - 

The
Chairman of the Board of Directors and any Vice Chairman appointed to act in the absence of the Chairman, if any, shall be elected by
and from the Board of Directors. The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors at which he or she is present and
shall have such authority and perform such duties as may be prescribed by these Bylaws or from time to time be determined by the Board
of Directors. 

SECTION
3. Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies . Except as otherwise fixed by or pursuant to provisions of the Articles of Incorporation
relating to the rights of the holders of any class or series of stock having a preference over common stock as to dividends or upon liquidation
to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of
directors and any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause shall
be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office. Any director elected in accordance with the
preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term and until such director s successor shall have been duly
elected and qualified. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any director
then in office. 

SECTION
4. Removal and Resignation . Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Any such resignation shall
take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time when it shall become effective shall not be specified therein, immediately
upon its receipt; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
 Any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time only for
cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy percent (70 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

SECTION
5. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places within or without the State of Nevada
and at such times as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Notice of regular meetings of the Board of Directors need
not be given except as otherwise required by the NRS or these bylaws. 

SECTION
6. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or place within or without the State of
Nevada whenever called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President or by a majority of the entire Board of Directors. 

SECTION
7. Notice of Meetings . Notice of each special meeting of the Board of Directors (and of each regular meeting for which notice
shall be required) shall be given by the Secretary as hereinafter provided in this Section 7, in which notice shall be stated the time
and place of the meeting. Except as otherwise required by Nevada law or these bylaws, such notice need not state the purpose(s) of such
meeting. Notice of each such meeting shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to each director, addressed to such director at such director s
residence or usual place of business, by registered mail, return receipt requested delivered at least two (2) days before the day on
which such meeting is to be held, or shall be sent addressed to such director at such place by electronic mail, or wireless, or be delivered
to such director personally, by facsimile or by telephone, at least 24 hours before the time at which such meeting is to be held. A written
waiver of notice, signed by the director entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent
to notice. Notice of any such meeting need not be given to any director who shall, either before or after the meeting, submit a signed
waiver of notice or who shall attend such meeting without protesting, prior to or at its commencement, the lack of notice to him. 

SECTION
8. Quorum and Manner of Acting . Except as hereinafter provided, a majority of the Board of Directors shall be present in person
or by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment which allows all persons participating in the meeting to hear
each other at the same time at any meeting of the Board of Directors in order to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business
at such meeting; and, except as otherwise required by NRS, the Articles of Incorporation or these bylaws, the act of a majority of the
directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. In the absence of a quorum
at any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the directors present thereat may adjourn such meeting to another time and place.
Notice of the time and place of any such adjourned meeting shall be given to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment
and, unless such time and place were announced at the meeting at which the adjournment was taken, to the other directors. At any adjourned
meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
The directors shall act only as a Board and the individual directors shall have no power as such. 

SECTION
9. Action Without a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken
without a meeting if all members of the Board consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of the
proceedings of the Board of Directors. 

- 8 - 

SECTION
10. Telephonic Participation . Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of the Board by means of a conference
telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time.
Participation in such a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

SECTION
11. Conduct of Meetings . At any meeting of the Board of Directors, business shall be transacted
in such order and manner as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine and publicized among all directors, and all matters
shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the directors present, except as otherwise provided herein, under the Restated Articles
of Incorporation or required by law . 

SECTION
12. Compensation . The Board of Directors or any designated committee shall have authority to fix the compensation, including fees
and reimbursement of expenses, of directors for services to the Corporation in any capacity, provided that directors who are serving
the Corporation as employees and who receive compensation for their services as such, shall not receive any salary or other compensation
for their services as directors of the Corporation. 

SECTION
13. Committees . The Board of Directors, by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, may elect from its number one or
more committees, including, without limitation, a an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and a Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee, and may delegate thereto some or all of its powers except those which by law, by the Articles of Incorporation or by these
bylaws may not be delegated. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any such committee may make rules for the conduct
of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted so far as
possible in the same manner as is provided by these bylaws for the Board of Directors. All members of such committees shall hold such
offices at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may abolish any such committee at any time. Any committee to
which the Board of Directors delegates any of its powers or duties shall keep records of its meetings and shall report its action to
the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE
III 

Officers 

SECTION
1. Number . The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall consist of a Chairman of the Board,
a Chief Executive Officer, a President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Technology Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary,
a Treasurer, and such other officers and assistant officers as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the Board of Directors. Any number
of offices may be held by the same person. In its discretion, the Board of Directors may choose not to fill any office for any period
that it may deem advisable unless otherwise required by Nevada law. 

SECTION
2. Election and Term of Office . The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at its first
meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. The Chief Executive Officer shall
appoint persons to other officers as he or she deems desirable and such appointments, if any, shall serve at the pleasure of the Board
of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation
or removal as hereinafter provided. 

SECTION
3. Resignations . Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect
at the time specified therein or, if the time when it shall become effective shall not be specified therein, immediately upon its receipt;
and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

SECTION
4. Removal . Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by the Board of
Directors at any meeting of the Board of Directors or, except in the case of an officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of
Directors, by the Chief Executive Officer, but any such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person
so removed. 

- 9 - 

SECTION
5. Vacancies . Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise, may be filled
for the unexpired portion of the term of the office which shall be vacant by the Board of Directors at any special or regular meeting. 

SECTION
6. Powers and Duties of Executive Officers . The officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and duties in the management
of the Corporation as may be prescribed in a resolution by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain
to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may require any officer, agent
or employee to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties. 

SECTION
7. The Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall, if present, preside at each meeting of the stockholders and of
the Board of Directors. Such person shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chairman of the Board and such other duties as
may from time to time be assigned to such person by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION
8. The Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall have the general and active supervision and direction over the
business operations and affairs of the Corporation and over the other officers, agents and employees and shall see that their duties
are properly performed. At the request of the Chairman of the Board, or in the case of his absence or inability to act, the Chief Executive
Officer shall perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all
the restrictions upon the Chairman of the Board. Such person shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer
and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to such person by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION
9. The President . The President shall have general and active supervision and direction over the business operations and affairs
of the Corporation and over its several officers, agents and employees, subject, however, to the direction of the Chief Executive Officer
and the control of the Board of Directors. In general, the President shall have such other powers and shall perform such other duties
as usually pertain to the office of President or as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive
Officer. 

SECTION
10. Vice Presidents . Each Vice President shall have such powers and perform such duties as from time to time may be assigned to
him by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 

SECTION
11. The Treasurer . The Treasurer shall (a) have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, all the funds and securities of
the Corporation; (b) keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation; (c) cause all
monies and other valuables to be deposited to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board; (d)
receive, and give receipts for, monies due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever; (e) disburse the funds of the Corporation
and supervise the investment of its funds as ordered or authorized by the Board, taking proper vouchers therefor; and (f) in general,
have all the powers and perform all the duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be
assigned to him by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 

SECTION
12. The Secretary . The Secretary shall (a) record the proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders and directors in a minute
book to be kept for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws and as required
by law; (c) be custodian of the records and the seal of the Corporation and affix and attest the seal to all stock certificates of the
Corporation (unless the seal of the Corporation on such certificates shall be a facsimile, as hereinafter provided) and affix and attest
the seal to all other documents to be executed on behalf of the Corporation under its seal; (d) see that the books, reports, statements,
certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept and filed are properly kept and filed; and (e) in general, have
all the powers and perform all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned
to him by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 

SECTION
13. Officers Bonds or Other Security . The Board of Directors may secure the fidelity of any or all of its officers or agents
by bond or otherwise, in such amount and with such surety or sureties as the Board of Directors may require. 

SECTION
14. Compensation . The compensation of the officers of the Corporation for their services as such officers shall be fixed from
time to time by the Board of Directors; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may delegate to the Chief Executive
Officer or the President the power to fix the compensation of officers and agents appointed by the Chairman of the Board or the President,
as the case may be. An officer of the Corporation shall not be prevented from receiving compensation by reason of the fact that such
person is also a director of the Corporation. 

- 10 - 

ARTICLE
IV 

Shares
of Stock 

SECTION
1. Stock Certificates . Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name
of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board or the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer,
or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by such holder in the Corporation. Any of or all the
signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate
is issued, it may nevertheless be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar
at the date of issue. 

SECTION
2. Books of Account and Record of Stockholders . The books and records of the Corporation may be kept at such places, within or
without the State of Nevada, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The stock record books and the blank stock certificate
books shall be kept by the Secretary or by any other officer or agent designated by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION
3. Transfer of Shares . Transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made on the stock records of the Corporation only
upon authorization by the registered holder thereof, or by his attorney hereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed
with the Secretary or with a transfer agent or transfer clerk, and on surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly
endorsed or accompanied by a duly executed stock transfer power and the payment of all taxes thereon. Except as otherwise provided by
Nevada law, the Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person in whose name any share or shares stand on
the record of stockholders as the owner of such share or shares for all purposes, including, without limitation, the rights to receive
dividends or other distributions, and to vote as such owner, and the Corporation may hold any such stockholder of record liable for calls
and assessments and the Corporation shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or legal claim to or interest in any such share or
shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof. Whenever any transfers of shares
shall be made for collateral security and not absolutely, and both the transferor and transferee request the Corporation to do so, such
fact shall be stated in the entry of the transfer. 

SECTION
4. Regulations . The Board of Directors may make such additional rules and regulations, not inconsistent with these bylaws, as
it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation. It may
appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer agents or one or more transfer clerks and one or more
registrars and may require all certificates for shares of stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them. 

SECTION
5. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates . The holder of any certificate representing shares of stock of the Corporation
shall immediately notify the Corporation of any loss, destruction or mutilation of such certificate, and the Corporation may issue a
new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and
the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative,
to give the Corporation a bond sufficient, as the Board in its absolute discretion shall determine, to indemnify the Corporation against
any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of
such new certificate. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Board of Directors, in its absolute discretion, may refuse
to issue any such new certificate, except pursuant to judicial proceedings under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

- 11 - 

ARTICLE
V 

 INDEMNIFICATION
OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 

SECTION
1. Right to Indemnification. 

Each
person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved (including, without limitation, as
a witness) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he
is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
or trustee of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an
employee benefit plan (hereinafter an Indemnitee ), whether the basis of such action, suit or proceeding is alleged action
in an official capacity as a director, officer or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer or trustee, shall
be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended
(but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification
rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including
attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered
by such Indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 3 of this Article V with respect to
proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification or an advancement of expenses or as otherwise required by law, the Corporation shall
not be required to indemnify or advance expenses to any such Indemnitee in connection with an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof)
initiated by such Indemnitee unless such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. 

SECTION
2. Right to Advancement of Expenses. 

In
addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 1 of this Article V, an Indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid
by the Corporation the expenses (including attorney s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition;
provided, however, that, if the NRS then requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in his capacity as a director
or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such Indemnitee, including, without limitation, service
to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Indemnitee,
to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right
to appeal that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 2. 

SECTION
3. Right of Indemnitees to Bring Suit. 

If
a claim under Section 1 or 2 of this Article V is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after a written claim has
been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall
be twenty (20) days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the
claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting or defending such
suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Indemnitee
to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification
set forth in the NRS. In any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking,
the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable
standard for indemnification set forth in the NRS. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties
to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to
the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the
applicable standard of conduct set forth in the NRS, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are
not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not
met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct
or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce
a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement
of expenses, under this Article V or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

SECTION
4. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. 

The
rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article V shall not be exclusive of any other right which
any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation as amended from time to time, these
Bylaws, any agreement, any vote of stockholders or directors as permitted by the NRS or otherwise. 

- 12 - 

SECTION
5 . Insurance . 

The
Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of (i) the Corporation
or (ii) another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any expense, liability or loss, whether or
not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the NRS. 

SECTION
6 . Indemnity Agreements. 

The
Corporation may enter into indemnity agreements from time to time (i) with the persons who are members of its Board of Directors, (ii)
with such officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and (iii) with such officers, directors, employees and agents of subsidiaries
or affiliates of the Corporation. Such indemnity agreements may provide in substance that the Corporation will indemnify such persons
to the full extent as contemplated by this Article V or permitted by law and the Restated Articles of Incorporation, and may include
any other substantive or procedural provisions regarding indemnification as are not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Nevada.
The provisions of such indemnity agreements shall prevail to the extent that they limit or condition or differ from the provisions of
this Article V. 

SECTION
7. Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation. 

The
Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement
of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article V with respect to the
indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. 

SECTION
8. Nature of Rights. 

The
rights conferred upon Indemnitees in this Article V shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has
ceased to be a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee s heirs, executors
and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article V that adversely affects any right of an Indemnitee or its successors
shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any action, suit or proceeding involving
any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. 

SECTION
9. Severability. 

If
any word, clause, provision or provisions of this Article V shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever:
(i) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article V (including, without limitation, each portion
of any section of this Article containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (ii) to the fullest extent possible,
the provisions of this Article V (including, without limitation, each such portion of any section of this Article V containing any such
provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

ARTICLE
VI 

General
Provisions 

SECTION
1. Registered Office . The registered office and registered agent of the Corporation will be as specified in the Articles of Incorporation
of the Corporation. 

SECTION
2. Other Offices . The Corporation may also have such offices, both within or without the State of Nevada, as the Board of Directors
may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

SECTION
3. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be so determined by the Board of Directors. 

- 13 - 

SECTION
4. Voting Securities Owned by Corporation . Voting securities in any other corporation held by the Corporation shall be voted by
the Chief Executive Officer, unless the Board of Directors specifically confers authority to vote with respect thereto, which authority
may be general or confined to specific instances, upon some other person or officer. Any person authorized to vote securities shall have
the power to appoint proxies, with general power of substitution. 

SECTION
5. Inspection of Books and Records . Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand
under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation s
stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose
shall mean any purpose reasonably related to such person s interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other
agent shall be the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such
other writing which authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed
to the Corporation at its registered office in the State of Nevada or at its principal place of business. 

SECTION
6. Section Headings . Section headings in these bylaws are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive
effect in limiting or otherwise construing any provision herein. 

SECTION
7. Inconsistent Provisions . In the event that any provision of these bylaws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of the
Articles of Incorporation, the general corporation law of the State of Nevada or any other applicable law, the provision of these bylaws
shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and effect. 

ARTICLE
VII 

Amendments 

These
bylaws, may be adopted, amended or repealed, and new bylaws made, by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, but the stockholders
of the Corporation may make additional bylaws and may alter and repeal any bylaws, whether adopted by them or otherwise, by affirmative
vote of the holders of at least sixty-six percent (66 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of
the Corporation entitled to be voted at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy. 

I,
the undersigned, being the Secretary of ScoutCam Inc., DO HEREBY CERTIFY the foregoing to be the bylaws of the Corporation, as adopted
by consent to action in lieu of a special meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, dated June __, 2021. 

</EX-3.2_1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

ScoutCam
Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), our shares of common stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock ). The following is a summary of some of the
terms of our Common Stock based on our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and
our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). The following summary is not complete and is subject to, and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to, the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws as well as the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS and any other documents referenced in the summary and from which the summary is derived. 

Name
of exchange on which registered 

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Market, OTCQB Tier, under the symbol SCTC . Prior to December 30, 2019, our Common Stock
was quoted under the symbol INLL . 

Registration 

ScoutCam
Inc. was incorporated on March 22, 2013 in the State of Nevada under the name Intellisense Solutions Inc. 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue up to a total of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for
each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 7,121,737 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and there were approximately 36 holders of record
of our Common Stock. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on generally by the stockholders, including the election of directors,
and the holders of Common Stock possess all voting power of our stockholders. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 

Liquidation
Rights 

If
any, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of shares
of Common Stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in the assets of the Company to be distributed among the holders of outstanding
shares of Common Stock. 

Dividends 

In
general, the holders of outstanding shares of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available therefor
at such times and in such amounts as our board of directors may from time to time determine. As a Nevada corporation, we are subject
to the limitations of Nevada law, which allows us to pay dividends unless, after such dividend, we would not be able to pay our debts
as they become due in the usual course of business or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus any amount
that would be needed if we were to be dissolved at the time of the dividend payment to satisfy the preferential rights of stockholders
whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the dividend. 

Changing
our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our
Articles of Incorporation may be amended or repealed in the manner prescribed by the NRS, and all rights conferred upon stockholders
are granted subject to this reservation. Additionally, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six percent (66 of the
voting power of all the then outstanding shares of Capital Stock entitled to be voted at the meeting, present in person or represented
by proxy, shall be required to amend, alter or repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with, Articles IV through XIII of our Articles
of Incorporation, and in addition to the affirmative vote of the holders of any class or series of the shares of capital stock required
by law. 

- 2 - 

Our
bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed, and new bylaws made, by the Board of Directors, but our stockholders may make additional
bylaws and may alter and repeal any bylaws, whether adopted by them or otherwise, by affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six
percent (66 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of Capital Stock entitled to be voted at the meeting, present
in person or represented by proxy. 

Board
of Directors 

Directors
shall be divided into three classes. The initial first, second and third class directors shall serve terms of office expiring at the
first, second and third annual meeting of stockholders following the initial classification of directors, respectively, and until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified. At each annual meeting of stockholders, directors elected to succeed those directors
whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their
election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Board of Directors is authorized to assign directors already
in office to such classes as it may determine at the time the classification becomes effective. 

In
any election of directors, the persons (i) in contested elections receiving a plurality of the votes cast, up to the number of directors
to be elected in such election, shall be deemed elected or (ii) in uncontested elections receiving a majority of the votes shall be deemed
elected. The stockholders are expressly prohibited from cumulating their votes in any election of our directors. Each director shall
hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Nevada Law and Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

General .
Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws, and certain provisions of the NRS could make our acquisition by a
third party, a change in our incumbent management, or a similar change of control more difficult. These provisions, which are summarized
below, may reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited proposal for the restructuring or sale of all or substantially all of our assets
or an unsolicited takeover attempt. The summary of the provisions set forth below does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the NRS. 

Advance
Notice Requirements . Stockholders wishing to nominate or re-nominate persons for election to our Board of Directors at an annual
meeting or to propose any business to be considered by our stockholders at an annual meeting must comply with certain advance notice
and other requirements set forth in our Bylaws. Likewise, if our Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be elected at
a special meeting of stockholders, stockholders wishing to nominate or re-nominate persons for election to our board of directors at
such special meeting must comply with certain advance notice and other requirements set forth in our Bylaws. 

Special
Meetings . Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may only be called by the Board of Directors acting pursuant to
a resolution approved by the affirmative vote by a majority of the directors then in office. 

Board
Vacancies . Any vacancy on our board of directors, howsoever resulting, may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in
office even if less than a quorum is present. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office for a term expiring at the next
annual meeting of stockholders, at which their successors are elected or appointed and the term of the class to which he or she has been
elected expires, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 

Removal
of Directors . Our Bylaws provide that any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time only
for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy percent (70 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting together as a single class. NRS 78.335
generally requires the vote of stockholders representing not less than two-thirds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock
entitled to vote in order to remove an incumbent director. 

- 3 - 

Nevada
Anti-Takeover Statutes . Nevada s acquisition of controlling interest statutes (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive)
contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations. These control share 
laws provide generally that any person that acquires a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations may be denied
voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights. These laws
will apply to us as of a particular date if we were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of whom have addresses in
Nevada appearing on our stock ledger at all times during the 90 days immediately preceding that date) and do business in the State of
Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation, unless our articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day after
the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. These laws provide that a person acquires a controlling interest 
whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation that, but for the application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable
that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or more, but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority
or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds,
shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the
acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become control shares to which the voting restrictions
described above apply. Our Articles of Incorporation include a provision electing that the Company be governed by these laws. These laws
may have a chilling effect on certain transactions by for example discouraging companies or persons interested in acquiring a significant
interest in or control of us, regardless of whether such transactions may be in the interest of our stockholders, unless our Articles
of Incorporation or Bylaws are amended to provide that these provisions generally do not apply to us or to an acquisition of a controlling
interest, or if our disinterested stockholders do not confer voting rights in the control shares. However, at this time, we do not believe
we have 100 stockholders of record resident of Nevada and we do not conduct business in Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation.
Therefore, the provisions of the control share acquisition act are believed not to apply to acquisitions of our shares at this time and
will not until such time as these requirements have been met. 

Nevada s
 combinations with interested stockholders statutes (NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive) provide that specified types
of business combinations between certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an interested stockholder 
of the corporation are prohibited for two years after such person first becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation s
board of directors approves the combination (or the transaction by which such person becomes an interested stockholder in advance, or unless the combination is approved by the board of directors and sixty percent of the corporation s voting power
not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder, its affiliates and associates. Furthermore, in the absence of prior approval certain
restrictions may apply even after such two-year period. For purposes of these statutes, an interested stockholder is any
person who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of
the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of
the term combination is sufficiently broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an interested
stockholder . These laws generally apply to Nevada corporations with 200 or more stockholders of record. Our Articles of Incorporation
include a provision electing that the Company not be governed by these laws. 

In
addition, NRS 78.139 also provides that directors may resist a change or potential change in control of the corporation if the board
of directors determines that the change or potential change is opposed to or not in the best interest of the corporation upon consideration
of any relevant facts, circumstances, contingencies or constituencies pursuant to NRS 78.138(4). 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Securities Transfer Corporation. The transfer agent and registrar s address
is 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093. The transfer agent s telephone number is (469) 633-0101. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 ex10-3.htm

Exhibit
10.3 

ScoutCam inc. 

 2020 Share Incentive Plan 

Unless
otherwise defined, terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Section 2 hereof. 

1. PURPOSE;
 TYPES OF AWARDS; CONSTRUCTION . 

1.1. Purpose .
The purpose of this 2020 Share Incentive Plan (as amended on July 5, 2022, this Plan is to afford an incentive
to Service Providers of ScoutCam Inc., a Nevada registered company (together with any successor corporation thereto, the Corporation ),
or any Affiliate of the Corporation, which now exists or hereafter is organized or acquired by the Corporation or its Affiliates, to
continue as Service Providers, to increase their efforts on behalf of the Corporation or its Affiliates and to promote the success of
the Corporation s business, by providing such Service Providers with opportunities to acquire a proprietary interest in the Corporation
by the issuance of Shares or restricted Shares Restricted Shares of the Corporation, and by the grant of options
to purchase Shares Options ), Restricted Share Units RSUs and other Share-based Awards pursuant
to Sections 11 through 13 of this Plan. 

1.2. Types
of Awards . This Plan is intended to enable the Corporation to issue Awards under various tax regimes, including: 

(i) pursuant
and subject to the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance (or the corresponding provision of any subsequently enacted statute, as
amended from time to time), and all regulations and interpretations adopted by any competent authority, including the Israel Tax Authority
(the ITA ), including the Income Tax Rules (Tax Benefits in Stock Issuance to Employees) 5763-2003 or such other
rules so adopted from time to time (the Rules (such Awards that are intended to be (as set forth in the Award Agreement)
and which qualify as such under Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules, 102 Awards ); 

(ii) pursuant
to Section 3(i) of the Ordinance or the corresponding provision of any subsequently enacted statute, as amended from time to time (such
Awards, 3(i) Awards ); 

(iii) Incentive
Stock Options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, or the corresponding provision of any subsequently enacted United States
federal tax statute, as amended from time to time, to be granted to Employees who are deemed to be residents of the United States, for
purposes of taxation, or are otherwise subject to U.S. Federal income tax (such Awards that are intended to be (as set forth in the Award
Agreement) and which qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code, Incentive Stock
Options ); and 

(iv) Options
not intended to be (as set forth in the Award Agreement) or which do not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option to be granted to Service
Providers who are deemed to be residents of the United States for purposes of taxation, or are otherwise subject to U.S. Federal income
tax Nonqualified Stock Options ). 

In
addition to the issuance of Awards under the relevant tax regimes in the United States of America and the State of Israel, and without
derogating from the generality of Section 25, this Plan contemplates issuances to Grantees in other jurisdictions or under other tax
regimes with respect to which the Committee is empowered, but is not required, to make the requisite adjustments in this Plan and set
forth the relevant conditions in an appendix to this Plan or in the Corporation s agreement with the Grantee in order to comply
with the requirements of such other tax regimes. 

1.3. Corporation
Status . This Plan contemplates the issuance of Awards by the Corporation, both as a private and public company. 

2 

1.4. Construction .
To the extent any provision herein conflicts with the conditions of any relevant tax law, rule or regulation which are relied upon for
tax relief in respect of a particular Award to a Grantee, the Committee is empowered, but is not required, hereunder to determine that
the provisions of such law, rule or regulation shall prevail over those of this Plan and to interpret and enforce such prevailing provisions.
With respect to 102 Awards, if and to the extent any action or the exercise or application of any provision hereof or authority granted
hereby is conditioned or subject to obtaining a ruling or tax determination from the ITA, to the extent required by applicable law, then
the taking of any such action or the exercise or application of such section or authority with respect to 102 Awards shall be conditioned
upon obtaining such ruling or tax determination, and, if obtained, shall be subject to any condition set forth therein; it being clarified
that there is no obligation to apply for any such ruling or tax determination (which shall be in the sole discretion of the Committee)
and no assurance is made that if applied any such ruling or tax determination will be obtained (or the conditions thereof). 

2. DEFINITIONS . 

2.1. Terms
Generally . Except when otherwise indicated by the context, (i) the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include
the singular; (ii) any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms; (iii) any definition of or reference
to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document
as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements,
supplements or modifications set forth therein or herein), (iv) references to any law, constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule
or ordinance, including any section or other part thereof shall refer to it as amended from time to time and shall include any successor
thereof, (v) reference to a company or entity shall include a, partnership, corporation, limited liability
company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof, and reference to
a person shall mean any of the foregoing or an individual, (vi) the words herein , hereof and
 hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Plan in its entirety, and not to any particular
provision hereof, (vii) all references herein to Sections shall be construed to refer to Sections to this Plan; (viii) the words include ,
 includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation and
(ix) use of the term or is not intended to be exclusive. 

2.2. Defined
Terms . The following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 2: 

2.3. Affiliate 
shall mean, with respect to any person, any other person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such person (with the term control or controlled by within
the meaning of Rule 405 of Regulation C under the Securities Act), including, without limitation, any Parent or Subsidiary, or Employer. 

2.4. Applicable
Law shall mean any applicable law, rule, regulation, statute, pronouncement, policy, interpretation, judgment, order or decree
of any federal, provincial, state or local governmental, regulatory or adjudicative authority or agency, of any jurisdiction, and the
rules and regulations of any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or trading system on which the Corporation s shares are then
traded or listed. 

2.5. Award 
shall mean any Option, Restricted Share, RSUs, Shares or any other Share-based award granted under this Plan. 

2.6. Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

2.7. Bylaws shall mean ScoutCam Inc. s by-laws. 

2.8. Change
in Board Event shall mean any time at which individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent
Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided , however , that any individual
becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Corporation s shareholders,
was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such
individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office
occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or
threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board. 

3 

2.9. Charter - shall mean ScoutCam Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation. 

2.10. Code 
shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, all as amended. 

2.11. Committee 
shall mean a committee established or appointed by the Board to administer this Plan, subject to Section 3.1. 

2.12. Controlling
Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 32(9) of the Ordinance. 

2.13.
 Disability shall mean (i) the inability of a Grantee to engage in any substantial gainful activity or to
perform the major duties of the Grantee s position with the Corporation or its Affiliates by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12
months (or such other period as determined by the Committee), as determined by a qualified doctor acceptable to the Corporation,
(ii) if applicable, a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or Section
409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, as amended from time to time, or (iii) as defined in a policy of the Corporation that the Committee
deems applicable to this Plan, or that makes reference to this Plan, for purposes of this definition. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
for Awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, Disability shall mean that a Participant is disabled under Section
409A(a)(2)(C)(i) or (ii) of the Code. 

2.14. Employee 
shall mean any person treated as an employee (including an officer or a director who is also treated as an employee) in the records of
the Corporation or any of its Affiliates (and in the case of 102 Awards, subject to Section 9.3 or in the case of Incentive Stock Options,
who is an employee for purposes of Section 422 of the Code); provided, however, that neither service as a director nor payment of a director s
fee shall be sufficient to constitute employment for purposes of this Plan. The Corporation shall determine in good faith and in the
exercise of its discretion whether an individual has become or has ceased to be an Employee and the effective date of such individual s
employment or termination of employment, as the case may be. For purposes of a person s rights, if any, under this Plan as of the
time of the Corporation s determination, all such determinations by the Corporation shall be final, binding and conclusive, notwithstanding
that the Corporation or any court of law or governmental agency subsequently makes a contrary determination. 

2.15. Employer 
means, for purpose of a 102 Trustee Award, the Corporation or an Affiliate, Subsidiary or Parent thereof, which is an employing
company within the meaning and subject to the conditions of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance. 

2.16. employment ,
 employed and words of similar import shall be deemed to refer to the employment of Employees or to the services
of any other Service Provider, as the case may be. 

2.17. exercise 
 exercised and words of similar import, when referring to an Award that does not require exercise or that is settled
upon vesting (such as may be the case with RSUs or Restricted Shares, if so determined in their terms), shall be deemed to refer to the
vesting of such an Award (regardless of whether or not the wording included reference to vesting of such an Awards explicitly). 

2.18. Exercise
Period shall mean the period, commencing on the date of grant of an Award, during which an Award shall be exercisable, subject
to any vesting provisions thereof (including any acceleration thereof, if any) and subject to the termination provisions hereof. 

2.19. Exercise Price shall mean the exercise price for each Share covered by an Option or the purchase price for each Share covered by any other Award. 

4 

2.20. Fair
Market Value shall mean, as of any date, the value of a Share or other securities, property or rights as determined by the
Board, in its discretion, subject to the following: (i) if, on such date, the Shares are listed on any securities exchange, the average
closing sales price per Share on which the Shares are principally traded over the thirty (30) day calendar period preceding the subject
date (utilizing all trading days during such 30 calendar day period), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as
the Corporation deems reliable; (ii) if, on such date, the Shares are then quoted in an over-the-counter market, the average of the closing
bid and asked prices for the Shares in that market during the thirty (30) day calendar period preceding the subject date (utilizing all
trading days during such 30 calendar day period), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Corporation deems
reliable; or (iii) if, on such date, the Shares are not then listed on a securities exchange or quoted in an over-the-counter market,
or in case of any other securities, property or rights, such value as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine, with full
authority to determine the method for making such determination and which determination shall be conclusive and binding on all parties,
and shall be made after such consultations with outside legal, accounting and other experts as the Committee may deem advisable; provided,
however, that, if applicable, the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined in a manner that is intended to satisfy the applicable
requirements of and subject to Section 409A of the Code, and with respect to Incentive Stock Options, in a manner that is intended to
satisfy the applicable requirements of and subject to Section 422 of the Code, subject to Section 422(c)(7) of the Code. The Committee
shall maintain a written record of its method of determining such value. If the Shares are listed or quoted on more than one established
stock exchange or over-the-counter market, the Committee shall determine the principal such exchange or market and utilize the price
of the Shares on that exchange or market (determined as per the method described in clauses (i) or (ii) above, as applicable) for the
purpose of determining Fair Market Value. 

2.21. Grantee shall mean a person who has been granted an Award(s) under this Plan. 

2.22. Ordinance 
shall mean the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961, and the regulations and rules (including the Rules) promulgated thereunder,
all as amended from time to time. 

2.23. Parent 
shall mean any company (other than the Corporation), which now exists or is hereafter organized, (i) in an unbroken chain of companies
ending with the Corporation if, at the time of granting an Award, each of the companies (other than the Corporation) owns stock possessing
fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other companies in such chain, or
(ii) if applicable and for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, that is a parent corporation of the Corporation, as defined
in Section 424(e) of the Code. 

2.24. Retirement 
shall mean a Grantee s retirement pursuant to Applicable Law or in accordance with the terms of any tax-qualified retirement plan
maintained by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates in which the Grantee participates or is subject to. 

2.25. Securities
Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as amended from
time to time. 

2.26. Service
Provider shall mean an Employee, director, officer, consultant, advisor and any other person or entity who provides services
to the Corporation or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof. Service Providers shall include prospective Service Providers to whom
Awards are granted in connection with written offers of an employment or other service relationship with the Corporation or any Parent,
Subsidiary or any Affiliates thereof, provided, however, that such employment or service shall have actually commenced. 

Shares 
shall mean shares of common stock, par value US 0.001 per share, of the Corporation (as adjusted for stock split, reverse stock split,
bonus shares, combination or other recapitalization events), or shares of such other class of shares of the Corporation as shall be designated
by the Board in respect of the relevant Award(s). Shares include any securities, property or rights issued or distributed
with respect thereto. 

5 

2.27. Subsidiary 
shall mean any company (other than the Corporation), which now exists or is hereafter organized or acquired by the Corporation, (i) in
an unbroken chain of companies beginning with the Corporation if, at the time of granting an Award, each of the companies other than
the last company in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes
of stock in one of the other companies in such chain, or (ii) if applicable and for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, that is a subsidiary
corporation of the Corporation, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 

2.28. tax(es) 
shall mean (a) all federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all income,
capital gains, alternative or add-on minimum, transfer, value added tax, real and personal property, withholding, payroll, employment,
escheat, social security, disability, national security, health tax, wealth surtax, stamp, registration and estimated taxes, customs
duties, fees, assessments and charges of any similar kind whatsoever (including under Section 280G of the Code) or other tax of any kind
whatsoever, (b) all interest, indexation differentials, penalties, fines, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any taxing
authority in connection with any item described in clause (a), (c) any transferee or successor liability in respect of any items described
in clauses (a) or (b) payable by reason of contract, assumption, transferee liability, successor liability, operation of Applicable Law,
or as a result of any express or implied obligation to assume Taxes or to indemnify any other person, and (d) any liability for the payment
of any amounts of the type described in clause (a) or (b) payable as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined,
unitary or aggregate or other group for any taxable period, including under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any predecessor
or successor thereof of any analogous or similar provision under Law) or otherwise. 

2.29. Ten
Percent Shareholder shall mean a Grantee who, at the time an Award is granted to the Grantee, owns shares possessing more
than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Corporation or any Parent or Subsidiary, within
the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code. 

2.30. Trustee 
shall mean the trustee appointed by the Committee to hold the Awards (and, in relation with 102 Trustee Awards, approved by the ITA),
if so appointed. 

2.31. Other
Defined Terms . The following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sections set forth below: 

Term 
 
 Section 
 
 102
 Awards 
 
 1.2(i) 
 
 102
 Capital Gains Track Awards 
 
 9.1 
 
 102
 Non-Trustee Awards 
 
 9.2 
 
 102
 Ordinary Income Track Awards 
 
 9.1 
 
 102
 Trustee Awards 
 
 9.1 
 
 3(i)
 Awards 
 
 1.2(ii) 
 
 Award
 Agreement 
 
 6 
 
 Cause 
 
 6.6.4.4 
 
 Corporation 
 
 1.1 
 
 Effective
 Date 
 
 24.1 
 
 Election 
 
 9.2 
 
 Eligible
 102 Grantees 
 
 9.3.1 
 
 Incentive
 Stock Options 
 
 1.2(iii) 

Information 
 
 16.4 
 
 ITA 
 
 1.1(i) 
 
 Market
 Stand-Off 
 
 17 
 
 Market
 Stand-Off Period 
 
 17 
 
 Merger/Sale 
 
 14.2 
 
 Nonqualified
 Stock Options 
 
 1.2(iv) 
 
 Plan 
 
 1.1 
 
 Pool 
 
 5.1 
 
 Recapitalization 
 
 14.1 
 
 Required
 Holding Period 
 
 9.5 
 
 Restricted
 Period 
 
 11.2 
 
 Restricted
 Share Agreement 
 
 11 
 
 Restricted
 Share Unit Agreement 
 
 12 
 
 Restricted
 Shares 
 
 1.1 
 
 RSUs 
 
 1.1 
 
 Rules 
 
 1.11.2(i) 
 
 Securities 
 
 17.1 
 
 Successor
 Corporation 
 
 14.2.1 
 
 Withholding
 Obligations 
 
 18.5 

6 

3. ADMINISTRATION . 

3.1. To
the extent permitted under Applicable Law, the Charter, the Bylaws and any other governing document of the Corporation, this Plan shall
be administered by the Committee. In the event that the Board does not appoint or establish a committee to administer this Plan, this
Plan shall be administered by the Board, and, accordingly, any and all references herein to the Committee shall be construed as references
to the Board. In the event that an action necessary for the administration of this Plan is required under Applicable Law to be taken
by the Board without the right of delegation, or if such action or power was explicitly reserved by the Board in appointing, establishing
and empowering the Committee, then such action shall be so taken by the Board. In any such event, all references herein to the Committee
shall be construed as references to the Board. Even if such a Committee was appointed or established, the Board may take any actions
that are stated to be vested in the Committee, and shall not be restricted or limited from exercising all rights, powers and authorities
under this Plan or Applicable Law. 

3.2. The
Board shall appoint the members of the Committee, may from time to time remove members from, or add members to, the Committee, and shall
fill vacancies in the Committee, however caused, provided that the composition of the Committee shall at all times be in compliance with
any mandatory requirements of Applicable Law, the Charter, the Bylaws and any other governing document of the Corporation. The Committee
may select one of its members as its Chairman and shall hold its meetings at such times and places as it shall determine. The Committee
may appoint a Secretary, who shall keep records of its meetings, and shall make such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business
as it shall deem advisable and subject to mandatory requirements of Applicable Law. 

3.3. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Plan, any mandatory provisions of Applicable Law and any provisions of any Corporation policy required
under mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, and in addition to the Committee s powers contained elsewhere in this Plan, the Committee
shall have full authority, in its discretion, from time to time and at any time, to determine any of the following, or to recommend to
the Board any of the following if it is not authorized to take such action according to Applicable Law: 

(i) eligible Grantees, 

(ii) grants
of Awards and setting the terms and provisions of Award Agreements (which need not be identical) and any other agreements or instruments
under which Awards are made, including the number of Shares underlying each Award and the class of Shares underlying each Award (if more
than one class was designated by the Board), 

7 

(iii) the time or times at which Awards shall be granted. 

(iv)
the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to each Award (which need not be identical) and any Shares acquired upon the
exercise or (if applicable) vesting thereof, including (1) designating Awards under Section 1.2; (2) the vesting schedule, the
acceleration thereof and terms and conditions upon which Awards may be exercised or become vested, (3) the Exercise Price, (4) the
method of payment for Shares purchased upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of the Awards, (5) the method for satisfaction
of any tax withholding obligation arising in connection with the Awards or such Shares, including by the withholding or delivery of
Shares, (6) the time of the expiration of the Awards, (7) the effect of the Grantee s termination of employment with the
Corporation or any of its Affiliates, and (8) all other terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Award or the Shares not
inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, 

(v) to
accelerate, continue, extend or defer the exercisability of any Award or the vesting thereof, including with respect to the period following
a Grantee s termination of employment or other service. 

(vi) the
interpretation of this Plan and any Award Agreement and the meaning, interpretation and applicability of terms referred to in Applicable
Law, 

(vii) policies,
guidelines, rules and regulations relating to and for carrying out this Plan, and any amendment, supplement or rescission thereof, as
it may deem appropriate, 

(viii) to
adopt supplements to, or alternative versions of, this Plan, including, without limitation, as it deems necessary or desirable to comply
with the laws of, or to accommodate the tax regime or custom of, foreign jurisdictions whose citizens or residents may be granted Awards, 

(ix) the Fair Market Value of the Shares or other securities, property or rights, 

(x) the
tax track (capital gains, ordinary income track or any other track available under the Section 102 of the Ordinance) for the purpose
of 102 Awards, 

(xi) the
authorization and approval of conversion, substitution, cancellation or suspension under and in accordance with this Plan of any or all
Awards or Shares, 

(xii) unless
otherwise provided under the terms of this Plan, the amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of the terms of any outstanding Award
(including, without limitation, reducing the Exercise Price of an Award), provided , however , that if such amendments increases
the Exercise Price of an Award or reduces the number of Shares underlying an Award, then such amendments shall require the consent of
the applicable Grantee, unless such amendment is made pursuant to the exercise of rights or authorities in accordance with Section 14. 

(xiii) without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to the provisions of Applicable Law, to grant to a Grantee, who is the holder of
an outstanding Award, in exchange for the cancellation of such Award, a new Award having an Exercise Price lower than that provided in
the Award so canceled and containing such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe in accordance with the provisions
of this Plan or to set a new Exercise Price for the same Award lower than that previously provided in the Award. 

(xiv) to correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan or any Award Agreement and all other determinations and take such other actions with respect to this Plan or any Award as it may deem advisable to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this Plan or Applicable Law, and 

(xv) any
other matter which is necessary or desirable for, or incidental to, the administration of this Plan and any Award thereunder. 

8 

3.4. The
authority granted hereunder includes the authority to modify Awards to eligible individuals who are foreign nationals or are individuals
who are employed outside Israel to recognize differences in local law, tax policy or custom, in order to effectuate the purposes of this
Plan but without amending this Plan. 

3.5. The
Board and the Committee shall be free at all times to make such determinations and take such actions as they deem fit. The Board and
the Committee need not take the same action or determination with respect to all Awards, with respect to certain types of Awards, with
respect to all Service Providers or any certain type of Service Providers and actions and determinations may differ as among the Grantees,
and as between the Grantees and any other holders of securities of the Corporation. 

3.6. All
decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Committee, the Board and the Corporation under this Plan shall be final and binding
on all Grantees (whether before or after the issuance of Shares pursuant to Awards), unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the
Board or the Corporation, respectively. The Committee shall have the authority (but not the obligation) to determine the interpretation
and applicability of Applicable Law to any Grantee or any Awards. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be liable to any Grantee
for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award granted hereunder. 

3.7. Any
officer or authorized signatory of the Corporation shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Corporation with respect to any matter,
right, obligation, determination or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Corporation herein, provided
such person has apparent authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, determination or election. Such person or authorized
signatory shall not be liable to any Grantee for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any
Award granted hereunder. 

4. ELIGIBILITY . 

Awards
may be granted to Service Providers of the Corporation or any Affiliate thereof, taking into account, at the Committee s discretion
and without an obligation to do so, the qualification under each tax regime pursuant to which such Awards are granted, subject to the
limitation on the granting of Incentive Stock Options set forth in Section 8.1. A person who has been granted an Award hereunder may
be granted additional Awards, if the Committee shall so determine, subject to the limitations herein. However, eligibility in accordance
with this Section 4 shall not entitle any person to be granted an Award, or, having been granted an Award, to be granted an additional
Award. 

Awards
may differ in number of Shares covered thereby, the terms and conditions applying to them or on the Grantees or in any other respect
(including, that there should not be any expectation (and it is hereby disclaimed) that a certain treatment, interpretation or position
granted to one shall be applied to the other, regardless of whether or not the facts or circumstances are the same or similar). 

5. SHARES . 

5.1. The
maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under this Plan (the Pool shall initially
be 5,228,007 authorized but unissued Shares (except and as adjusted pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Plan), or such other number as the
Board may determine from time to time (without the need to amend the Plan in case of such determination). However, except as adjusted
pursuant to Section 14.1, in no event shall more than such number of Shares constituting the Pool, as adjusted in accordance with Section
 Error! Reference source not found. , be available for issuance pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 

9 

5.2. Any
Shares under the Pool that are not subject to outstanding or exercised Awards at the termination of this Plan shall cease to be reserved
for the purpose of this Plan. 

6. TERMS
 AND CONDITIONS OF AWARDS . 

Each
Award granted pursuant to this Plan shall be evidenced by a written or electronic agreement between the Corporation and the Grantee or
a written or electronic notice delivered by the Corporation (the Award Agreement ), in substantially such form or
forms and containing such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The Award Agreement shall comply with
and be subject to the following general terms and conditions and the provisions of this Plan (except for any provisions applying to Awards
under different tax regimes), unless otherwise specifically provided in such Award Agreement, or the terms referred to in other Sections
of this Plan applying to Awards under such applicable tax regimes, or terms prescribed by Applicable Law. Award Agreements need not be
in the same form and may differ in the terms and conditions included therein. 

6.1. Number
of Shares . Each Award Agreement shall state the number of Shares covered by the Award. 

6.2. Type
of Award . Each Award Agreement may state the type of Award granted thereunder, provided that the tax treatment of any Award, whether
or not stated in the Award Agreement, shall be as determined in accordance with Applicable Law. 

6.3. Exercise
Price . Each Award Agreement shall state the Exercise Price, if applicable. Subject to Sections 3, 7.2 and 8.2 and to the foregoing,
the Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of any outstanding Award, on terms and subject to such conditions as it deems advisable.
The Exercise Price shall also be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14 hereof. The Exercise Price of any outstanding Award
granted to a Grantee who is subject to U.S. federal income tax shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. 

6.4. Manner
of Exercise . An Award may be exercised, as to any or all Shares as to which the Award has become exercisable, by written notice delivered
in person or by mail (or such other methods of delivery prescribed by the Corporation) to the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation
or to such other person as determined by the Committee, or in any other manner as the Committee shall prescribe from time to time, specifying
the number of Shares with respect to which the Award is being exercised (which may be equal to or lower than the aggregate number of
Shares that have become exercisable at such time, subject to the last sentence of this Section), accompanied by payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price for such Shares in the manner specified in the following sentence. The Exercise Price shall be paid in full with respect
to each Share, at the time of exercise, either in (i) cash, (ii) if the Corporation s shares are listed for trading on any securities
exchange or over-the-counter market, and if the Committee so determines, all or part of the Exercise Price and any withholding taxes
may be paid by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Corporation) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by
the Corporation to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Corporation or the Trustee, (iii) if the Corporation s
shares are listed for trading on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market, and if the Committee so determines, all or part
of the Exercise Price and any withholding taxes may be paid by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Corporation) of an irrevocable
direction to pledge Shares to a securities broker or lender approved by the Corporation, as security for a loan, and to deliver all or
part of the loan proceeds to the Corporation or the Trustee, or (iv) in such other manner as the Committee shall determine, which may
include procedures for cashless exercise. The application of cashless exercise with respect to any 102 Awards shall be subject to obtaining
a ruling from the ITA, to the extent required by applicable law. 

6.5. Term and Vesting of Awards . 

6.5.1. Each
Award Agreement shall provide the vesting schedule for the Award as determined by the Committee. The Committee shall have the authority
to determine the vesting schedule and accelerate the vesting of any outstanding Award at such time and under such circumstances as it,
in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. Unless otherwise resolved by the Committee and stated in the Award Agreement, and subject
to Sections 6.6 and 6.7 hereof, Awards shall vest and become exercisable under the following schedule: twenty-five percent (25 of the
Shares covered by the Award, on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date determined by the Committee (and in the absence
of such determination, of date on which such Award was granted), and six and one-quarter percent (6.25 of the Shares covered by the
Award at the end of each subsequent three-month period thereafter over the course of the following three (3) years; provided that the
Grantee remains continuously as a Service Provider of the Corporation or its Affiliates throughout such vesting dates. 

10 

6.5.2. The
Award Agreement may contain performance goals and measurements (which, in case of 102 Trustee Awards, may, if then required, be subject
to obtaining a specific tax ruling or determination from the ITA), and the provisions with respect to any Award need not be the same
as the provisions with respect to any other Award. Such performance goals may include, but are not limited to, sales, earnings before
interest and taxes, return on investment, earnings per share, any combination of the foregoing or rate of growth of any of the foregoing,
as determined by the Committee. The Committee may adjust performance goals pursuant to Awards previously granted to take into account
changes in law and accounting and tax rules and to make such adjustments as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the
inclusion or the exclusion of the impact of extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances. 

6.5.3. The
Exercise Period of an Award will be seven years from the date of grant of the Award, unless otherwise determined by the Committee and
stated in the Award Agreement, but subject to the vesting provisions described above and the early termination provisions set forth in
Sections 6.6 and 6.7 hereof. At the expiration of the Exercise Period, any Award, or any part thereof, that has not been exercised within
the term of the Award and the Shares covered thereby not paid for in accordance with this Plan and the Award Agreement shall terminate
and become null and void, and all interests and rights of the Grantee in and to the same shall expire. 

6.6. Termination . 

6.6.1. Unless
otherwise determined by the Committee, and subject to Section 6.7 hereof, an Award may not be exercised unless the Grantee is then a
Service Provider of the Corporation or an Affiliate thereof or, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, an employee of a company or
a parent or subsidiary company of such company issuing or assuming the Option in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code applies,
and unless the Grantee has remained continuously so employed since the date of grant of the Award and throughout the vesting dates. 

6.6.2. In
the event that the employment or service of a Grantee shall terminate (other than by reason of death, Disability or Retirement), all
Awards of such Grantee that are unvested at the time of such termination shall terminate on the date of such termination, and all Awards
of such Grantee that are vested and exercisable at the time of such termination may be exercised within up to three (3) years after the
date of such termination (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe), but in any event no later than the date of expiration
of the Award s term as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan; provided, however, that if the Corporation (or
the Subsidiary or Affiliate, when applicable) shall terminate the Grantee s employment or service for Cause (as defined below)
(whether occurring prior to or after termination of employment or service), all Awards theretofore granted to such Grantee (whether vested
or not) shall terminate, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, and any Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting
of Awards (including other Shares or securities issued or distributed with respect thereto), whether held by the Grantee or by the Trustee
for the Grantee s benefit, shall be deemed to be irrevocably offered for sale to the Corporation, any of its Affiliates or any
person designated by the Corporation to purchase, at the Corporation s election and subject to Applicable Law, either for no consideration,
for the par value of such Shares (if shares bear a par value) or against payment of the Exercise Price previously received by the Corporation
for such Shares upon their issuance, as the Committee deems fit, upon written notice to the Grantee at any time prior to, at or after
the Grantee s termination of employment or service. Such Shares or other securities shall be sold and transferred within 30 days
from the date of the Corporation s notice of its election to exercise its right. If the Grantee fails to transfer such Shares or
other securities to the Corporation, the Corporation, at the decision of the Committee, shall be entitled to forfeit or repurchase such
Shares and to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Grantee any document necessary to effect such transfer, whether or not
the share certificates are surrendered. The Corporation shall have the right and authority to affect the above either by: (i) repurchasing
all of such Shares or other securities held by the Grantee or by the Trustee for the benefit of the Grantee, or designate the purchaser
of all or any part of such Shares or other securities, for the Exercise Price paid for such Shares, the par value of such Shares (if
shares bear a par value) or for no payment or consideration whatsoever, as the Committee deems fit; (ii)
forfeiting all or any party of such Shares or other securities; (iii) redeeming all or any party of such Shares or other securities,
for the Exercise Price paid for such Shares, the par value of such Shares (if shares bear a par value) or for no payment or consideration
whatsoever, as the Committee deems fit; (iv) taking action in order to have all or any party of such Shares or other securities converted
into deferred shares entitling their holder only to their par value (if shares bear a par value) upon liquidation of the Corporation;
or (v) taking any other action which may be required in order to achieve similar results; all as shall be determined by the Committee,
at its sole and absolute discretion, and the Grantee is deemed to irrevocably empower the Corporation or any person which may be designated
by it to take any action by, in the name of or on behalf of the Grantee to comply with and give effect to such actions (including, voting
such shares, filling in, signing and delivering share transfer deeds, etc.). 

11 

6.6.3. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine appropriate,
extend the periods for which Awards held by any Grantee may continue to vest and be exercisable; it being clarified that such Awards
may lose their entitlement to certain tax benefits under Applicable Law (including, without limitation, qualification of an Award as
an Incentive Stock Option) as a result of the modification of such Awards and/or in the event that the Award is exercised beyond the
later of: (i) three (3) months after the date of termination of the employment or service relationship; or (ii) the applicable period
under Section 6.7 below with respect to a termination of the employment or service relationship because of the death, Disability or Retirement
of Grantee. 

6.6.4. For purposes of this Plan: 

6.6.4.1. A
termination of employment or service of a Grantee shall not be deemed to occur (except to the extent required by the Code with respect
to the Incentive Stock Option status of an Option) in case of (i) a transition or transfer of a Grantee among the Corporation and its
Affiliates, (ii) a change in the capacity in which the Grantee is employed or renders service to the Corporation or any of its Affiliates
or a change in the identity of the employing or engagement entity among the Corporation and its Affiliates, provided, in case of the
foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) above, that the Grantee has remained continuously employed by and/or in the service of the Corporation
and its Affiliates since the date of grant of the Award and throughout the vesting period; or (iii) if the Grantee takes any unpaid leave
as set forth in Section 6.8. 

6.6.4.2. An
entity or an Affiliate thereof assuming an Award or issuing in substitution thereof in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code
applies or in a Merger/Sale in accordance with Section 14 shall be deemed as an Affiliate of the Corporation for purposes of this Section
6.6, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 

6.6.4.3. In
the case of a Grantee whose principal employer or service recipient is a Subsidiary or Affiliate, the Grantee s employment shall
also be deemed terminated for purposes of this Section 6.6 as of the date on which such principal employer or service recipient ceases
to be a Subsidiary or Affiliate. 

6.6.4.4. The
term Cause shall mean (irrespective of, and in addition to, any definition included in any other agreement or instrument
applicable to the Grantee, and unless otherwise determined by the Committee) any of the following: (i) any theft, fraud, embezzlement,
dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty for personal profit, falsification of any documents or records of the Corporation
or any of its Affiliates, felony or similar act by the Grantee (whether or not related to the Grantee s relationship with the Corporation);
(ii) an act of moral turpitude by the Grantee, or any act that causes significant injury to, or is otherwise adversely affecting, the
reputation, business, assets, operations or business relationship of the Corporation (or a Subsidiary or Affiliate, when applicable);
(iii) any breach by the Grantee of any material agreement with or of any material duty of the Grantee to the Corporation or any Subsidiary
or Affiliate thereof (including breach of confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-use, non-competition or non-solicitation covenants towards
the Corporation or any of its Affiliates) or failure to abide by code of conduct or other policies (including, without limitation, policies
relating to confidentiality and reasonable workplace conduct); (iv) any act which constitutes a breach of a Grantee s fiduciary
duty towards the Corporation or an Affiliate or Subsidiary, including disclosure of confidential or proprietary information thereof or
acceptance or solicitation to receive unauthorized or undisclosed benefits, irrespective of their nature, or funds, or promises to receive
either, from individuals, consultants or corporate entities that the Corporation or a Subsidiary does business with; (v) the Grantee s
unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction, or diversion of any tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of the Corporation
or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, the improper use or disclosure of confidential or proprietary information);
or (vi) any circumstances that constitute grounds for termination for cause under the Grantee s employment or service agreement
with the Corporation or Affiliate, to the extent applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the determination as to whether a termination
is for Cause for purposes of this Plan, shall be made in good faith by the Committee and shall be final and binding on the Grantee. 

12 

6.7. Death, Disability or Retirement of Grantee . 

6.7.1. If
a Grantee shall die while employed by, or performing service for, the Corporation or its Affiliates, or within the three (3) years period
(or such longer period of time as determined by the Board, in its discretion) after the date of termination of such Grantee s employment
or service (or within such different period as the Committee may have provided pursuant to Section 6.6 hereof), or if the Grantee s
employment or service shall terminate by reason of Disability, all Awards theretofore granted to such Grantee may (to the extent otherwise
vested and exercisable and unless earlier terminated in accordance with their terms) be exercised by the Grantee or by the Grantee s
estate or by a person who acquired the legal right to exercise such Awards by bequest or inheritance, or by a person who acquired the
legal right to exercise such Awards in accordance with applicable law in the case of Disability of the Grantee, as the case may be, at
any time within three (3) years (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee, in its discretion) after the death or
Disability of the Grantee (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe), but in any event no later than the date of expiration
of the Award s term as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan. In the event that an Award granted hereunder
shall be exercised as set forth above by any person other than the Grantee, written notice of such exercise shall be accompanied by a
certified copy of letters testamentary or proof satisfactory to the Committee of the right of such person to exercise such Award. 

6.7.2. In
the event that the employment or service of a Grantee shall terminate on account of such Grantee s Retirement, all Awards of such
Grantee that are exercisable at the time of such Retirement may, unless earlier terminated in accordance with their terms, be exercised
at any time within the three (3) years period after the date of such Retirement (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe). 

6.8. Suspension
of Vesting . Unless the Committee provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall be suspended during any unpaid leave
of absence, other than in the case of any (i) leave of absence which was pre-approved by the Corporation explicitly for purposes of continuing
the vesting of Awards, or (ii) transfers between locations of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, or between the Corporation and
any of its Affiliates, or any respective successor thereof. For clarity, for purposes of this Plan, military leave, statutory maternity
or paternity leave or sick leave are not deemed unpaid leave of absence, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. 

6.9. Securities
Law Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Service Provider
and the Corporation, if the exercise of an Award following the termination of the Service Provider s employment or service (other
than for Cause) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the registration requirements under
the Securities Act or equivalent requirements under equivalent laws of other applicable jurisdictions, then the Award shall remain exercisable
and terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of three (3) months (or such longer period of time as determined by the
Board, in its discretion) after the termination of the Service Provider s employment or service during which the exercise of the
Award would not be in such violation, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Award as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant
to this Plan. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Grantee s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Shares received upon exercise
or (if applicable) vesting of an Award following the termination of the Grantee s employment or service (other than for Cause)
would violate the Corporation s insider trading policy, then the Award shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of
a period equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Grantee s employment or service
during which the exercise of the Award would not be in violation of the Corporation s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration
of the term of the Award as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan. 

13 

6.10. Other
Provisions . The Award Agreement evidencing Awards under this Plan shall contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent
with this Plan as the Committee may determine, at or after the date of grant, including provisions in connection with the restrictions
on transferring the Awards or Shares covered by such Awards, which shall be binding upon the Grantees and any purchaser, assignee or
transferee of any Awards, and other terms and conditions as the Committee shall deem appropriate. 

7. NONQUALIFIED
 STOCK OPTIONS . 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 7 are intended to constitute Nonqualified Stock Options and shall be subject to the general terms and
conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Awards
under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between the provisions of this Section 7
and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 7 shall prevail. However, if for any reason the Awards granted pursuant to this Section
7 (or portion thereof) does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such non- qualification, such Option (or
portion thereof) shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option granted under this Plan. In no event will the Board, the Corporation
or any Parent or Subsidiary or any of their respective employees or directors have any liability to Participant (or any other person)
due to the failure of the Option to qualify for any reason as an Incentive Stock Option. 

7.1. Certain
Limitations on Eligibility for Nonqualified Stock Options . Nonqualified Stock Options may not be granted to a Service Provider who
is deemed to be a resident of the United States for purposes of taxation or who is otherwise subject to United States federal income
tax unless the Shares underlying such Options constitute service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code or unless
such Options comply with the payment requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

7.2. Exercise
Price . The Exercise Price of a Nonqualified Stock Option shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date
of grant of such Option unless the Committee specifically indicates that the Awards will have a lower Exercise Price and the Award complies
with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Nonqualified Stock Option may be granted with an exercise price lower
than the minimum exercise price set forth above if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option
in a manner qualifying under the provisions of that complies with Section 424(a) of the Code or 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) of the U.S. Treasury
Regulations or any successor guidance. 

8. INCENTIVE
 STOCK OPTIONS . 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 8 are intended to constitute Incentive Stock Options and shall be granted subject to the following special
terms and conditions, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any
provisions of this Plan applying to Awards under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions
between the provisions of this Section 8 and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 8 shall prevail. 

8.1. Eligibility
for Incentive Stock Options . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Corporation, or to Employees of a Parent
or Subsidiary, determined as of the date of grant of such Options. An Incentive Stock Option granted to a prospective Employee upon the
condition that such person become an Employee shall be deemed granted effective on the date such person commences employment, with an
exercise price determined as of such date in accordance with Section 8.2. 

14 

8.2. Exercise
Price . The Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value
of the Shares covered by the Awards on the date of grant of such Option or such other price as may be determined pursuant to the Code.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Incentive Stock Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than the minimum exercise price
set forth above if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner that complies with
the provisions of Section 424(a) of the Code. 

8.3. Date
of Grant . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, no Incentive Stock Option may be granted under this Plan
after 10 years from the date this Plan is adopted, or the date this Plan is approved by the shareholders, whichever is earlier. 

8.4. Exercise
Period . No Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years after the effective date of grant
of such Award, subject to Section 8.6. No Incentive Stock Option granted to a prospective Employee may become exercisable prior to
the date on which such person commences employment. 

8.5. 100,000
Per Year Limitation . The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date the Incentive Stock Option is granted) of the Shares
with respect to which all Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan and all other incentive stock option plans of
the Corporation, or of any Parent or Subsidiary, become exercisable for the first time by each Grantee during any calendar year shall
not exceed one hundred thousand United States dollars 100,000) with respect to such Grantee. To the extent that the aggregate Fair
Market Value of Shares with respect to which such Incentive Stock Options and any other such incentive stock options are exercisable
for the first time by any Grantee during any calendar year exceeds one hundred thousand United States dollars 100,000), such options
shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. The foregoing shall be applied by taking options into account in the order in which they
were granted. If the Code is amended to provide for a different limitation from that set forth in this Section 8.5, such different limitation
shall be deemed incorporated herein effective as of the date and with respect to such Awards as required or permitted by such amendment
to the Code. If an Option is treated as an Incentive Stock Option in part and as a Nonqualified Stock Option in part by reason of the
limitation set forth in this Section 8.5, the Grantee may designate which portion of such Option the Grantee is exercising. In the absence
of such designation, the Grantee shall be deemed to have exercised the Incentive Stock Option portion of the Option first. Separate certificates
representing each such portion may be issued upon the exercise of the Option. 

8.6. Ten
Percent Shareholder . In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Shareholder, notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 8.6, (i) the Exercise Price shall not be less than one hundred and ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value
of a Share on the date of grant of such Incentive Stock Option, and (ii) the Exercise Period shall not exceed five (5) years from the
effective date of grant of such Incentive Stock Option. 

8.7. Payment
of Exercise Price . Each Award Agreement evidencing an Incentive Stock Option shall state each alternative method by which the Exercise
Price thereof may be paid. 

8.8. Leave
of Absence . Notwithstanding Section 6.8, a Grantee s employment shall not be deemed to have terminated if the Grantee takes
any leave as set forth in Section 6.8(i); provided, however, that if any such leave exceeds three (3) months, on the day that is three
(3) months following the commencement of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Grantee shall cease to be treated as an Incentive
Stock Option and instead shall be treated thereafter as a Nonqualified Stock Option, unless the Grantee s right to return to employment
is guaranteed by statute or contract. 

8.9. Exercise
Following Termination for Disability . Notwithstanding anything else in this Plan to the contrary, Incentive Stock Options that are
not exercised within three (3) months following termination of the Grantee s employment with the Corporation or its Parent or Subsidiary
or a corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of such corporation issuing or assuming an Option in a transaction to which Section 424(a)
of the Code applies, or within one year in case of termination of the Grantee s employment with the Corporation or its Parent or
Subsidiary due to a Disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), shall be deemed to be Nonqualified Stock Options. 

15 

8.10. Adjustments
to Incentive Stock Options . Any Awards Agreement providing for the grant of Incentive Stock Options shall indicate that adjustments
made pursuant to this Plan with respect to Incentive Stock Options could constitute a modification of such Incentive Stock
Options (as that term is defined in Section 424(h) of the Code) or could cause adverse tax consequences for the holder of such Incentive
Stock Options and that the holder should consult with his or her tax advisor regarding the consequences of such modification 
on his or her income tax treatment with respect to the Incentive Stock Option. 

8.11. Notice
to Corporation of Disqualifying Disposition . Each Grantee who receives an Incentive Stock Option must agree to notify the Corporation
in writing immediately after the Grantee makes a Disqualifying Disposition of any Shares received pursuant to the exercise of Incentive
Stock Options. A Disqualifying Disposition is any disposition (including any sale) of such Shares before the later of (i)
two years after the date the Grantee was granted the Incentive Stock Option, or (ii) one year after the date the Grantee acquired Shares
by exercising the Incentive Stock Option. If the Grantee dies before such Shares are sold, these holding period requirements do not apply
and no disposition of the Shares will be deemed a Disqualifying Disposition. 

9. 102
 AWARDS . 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 9 are intended to constitute 102 Awards and shall be granted subject to the following special terms
and conditions, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions
of this Plan applying to Awards under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between
the provisions of this Section 9 and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 9 shall prevail. 

9.1. Tracks .
Awards granted pursuant to this Section 9 are intended to be granted pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance pursuant to either (i)
Section 102(b)(2) or (3) thereof (as applicable), under the capital gain track 102 Capital Gain Track Awards ),
or (ii) Section 102(b)(1) thereof under the ordinary income track 102 Ordinary Income Track Awards , and together
with 102 Capital Gain Track Awards, 102 Trustee Awards ). 102 Trustee Awards shall be granted subject to the special
terms and conditions contained in this Section 9, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions
of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Options under different tax laws or regulations. 

9.2. Election
of Track . Subject to Applicable Law, the Corporation may grant only one type of 102 Trustee Awards at any given time to all Grantees
who are to be granted 102 Trustee Awards pursuant to this Plan, and shall file an election with the ITA regarding the type of 102 Trustee
Awards it elects to grant before the date of grant of any 102 Trustee Awards (the Election ). Such Election shall
also apply to any other securities, including bonus shares, received by any Grantee as a result of holding the 102 Trustee Awards. The
Corporation may change the type of 102 Trustee Awards that it elects to grant only after the expiration of at least 12 months from the
end of the year in which the first grant was made in accordance with the previous Election, or as otherwise provided by Applicable Law.
Any Election shall not prevent the Corporation from granting Awards, pursuant to Section 102(c) of the Ordinance without a Trustee 102
Non-Trustee Awards ). 

9.3. Eligibility for Awards . 

9.3.1. Subject
to Applicable Law, 102 Awards may only be granted to an employee within the meaning of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance
(which as of the date of the adoption of this Plan means (i) individuals employed by an Israeli company being the Corporation or any
of its Affiliates, and (ii) individuals who are serving and are engaged personally (and not through an entity) as office holders 
by such an Israeli company), but may not be granted to a Controlling Shareholder Eligible 102 Grantees ). Eligible
102 Grantees may receive only 102 Awards, which may either be granted to a Trustee or granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance without
a Trustee. 

16 

9.4. 102 Award Grant Date . 

9.4.1. Each
102 Award will be deemed granted on the date determined by the Committee, subject to Section 9.4.2, provided that (i) the Grantee has
signed all documents required by the Corporation or pursuant to Applicable Law, and (ii) with respect to 102 Trustee Award, the Corporation
has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA, and if an agreement is not
signed and delivered by the Grantee within 90 days from the date determined by the Committee (subject to Section 9.4.2), then such 102
Trustee Award shall be deemed granted on such later date as such agreement is signed and delivered and on which the Corporation has provided
all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA. In the case of any contradiction, this
provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in any
corporate resolution or Award Agreement. 

9.4.2. Unless
otherwise permitted by the Ordinance, any grants of 102 Trustee Awards that are made on or after the date of the adoption of this Plan
or an amendment to this Plan, as the case may be, that may become effective only at the expiration of thirty (30) days after the filing
of this Plan or any amendment thereof (as the case may be) with the ITA in accordance with the Ordinance shall be conditional upon the
expiration of such 30-day period, such condition shall be read and is incorporated by reference into any corporate resolutions approving
such grants and into any Award Agreement evidencing such grants (whether or not explicitly referring to such condition), and the date
of grant shall be at the expiration of such 30-day period, whether or not the date of grant indicated therein corresponds with this Section.
In the case of any contradiction, this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be deemed to amend
any date of grant indicated in any corporate resolution or Award Agreement. 

9.5. 102 Trustee Awards . 

9.5.1. Each
102 Trustee Award, each Share issued pursuant to the exercise of any 102 Trustee Award, and any rights granted thereunder, including
bonus shares, shall be issued to and registered in the name of the Trustee and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Grantee
for the requisite period prescribed by the Ordinance (the Required Holding Period ). In the event that the requirements
under Section 102 of the Ordinance to qualify an Award as a 102 Trustee Award are not met, then the Award may be treated as a 102 Non-Trustee
Award or 3(i) Award, all in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance. After expiration of the Required Holding Period, the Trustee
may release such 102 Trustee Awards and any such Shares, provided that (i) the Trustee has received an acknowledgment from the ITA that
the Grantee has paid any applicable taxes due pursuant to the Ordinance, or (ii) the Trustee and/or the Corporation and/or the Employer
withholds all applicable taxes and compulsory payments due pursuant to the Ordinance arising from the 102 Trustee Awards and/or any Shares
issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of such 102 Trustee Awards. The Trustee shall not release any 102 Trustee Awards or Shares
issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting thereof prior to the payment in full of the Grantee s tax and compulsory payments
arising from such 102 Trustee Awards and/or Shares or the withholding referred to in (ii) above. 

9.5.2. Each
102 Trustee Award shall be subject to the relevant terms of the Ordinance, the Rules and any determinations, rulings or approvals issued
by the ITA, which shall be deemed an integral part of the 102 Trustee Awards and shall prevail over any term contained in this Plan or
Award Agreement that is not consistent therewith. Any provision of the Ordinance, the Rules and any determinations, rulings or approvals
by the ITA not expressly specified in this Plan or Award Agreement that are necessary to receive or maintain any tax benefit pursuant
to Section 102 of the Ordinance shall be binding on the Grantee. Any Grantee granted a 102 Trustee Awards shall comply with the Ordinance
and the terms and conditions of the trust agreement entered into between the Corporation and the Trustee. The Grantee shall execute any
and all documents that the Corporation and/or its Affiliates and/or the Trustee determine from time to time to be necessary in order
to comply with the Ordinance and the Rules. 

17 

9.5.3. During
the Required Holding Period, the Grantee shall not release from trust or sell, assign, transfer or give as collateral, the Shares issuable
upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of a 102 Trustee Awards and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto,
until the expiration of the Required Holding Period. Notwithstanding the above, if any such sale, release or other action occurs during
the Required Holding Period it may result in adverse tax consequences to the Grantee under Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules,
which shall apply to and shall be borne solely by such Grantee. Subject to the foregoing, the Trustee may, pursuant to a written request
from the Grantee, but subject to the terms of this Plan, release and transfer such Shares to a designated third party, provided that
both of the following conditions have been fulfilled prior to such release or transfer: (i) payment has been made to the ITA of all taxes
and compulsory payments required to be paid upon the release and transfer of the Shares, and confirmation of such payment has been received
by the Trustee and the Corporation, and (ii) the Trustee has received written confirmation from the Corporation that all requirements
for such release and transfer have been fulfilled according to the terms of the Corporation s corporate documents, any agreement
governing the Shares, this Plan, the Award Agreement and any Applicable Law. 

9.5.4. If
a 102 Trustee Award is exercised or (if applicable) vested, the Shares issued upon such exercise or (if applicable) vesting shall be
issued in the name of the Trustee for the benefit of the Grantee. 

9.5.5. Upon
or after receipt of a 102 Trustee Award, if required, the Grantee may be required to sign an undertaking to release the Trustee from
any liability with respect to any action or decision duly taken and executed in good faith by the Trustee in relation to this Plan, or
any 102 Trustee Awards or Share granted to such Grantee thereunder. 

9.6. 102
Non-Trustee Awards . The foregoing provisions of this Section 9 relating to 102 Trustee Awards shall not apply with respect to 102
Non-Trustee Awards, which shall, however, be subject to the relevant provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the applicable Rules.
The Committee may determine that 102 Non-Trustee Awards, the Shares issuable upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of a 102 Non-Trustee
Awards and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto, shall be allocated or issued to the Trustee, who shall hold
such 102 Non-Trustee Awards and all accrued rights thereon (if any), in trust for the benefit of the Grantee and/or the Corporation,
as the case may be, until the full payment of tax arising from the 102 Non-Trustee Awards, the Shares issuable upon the exercise or (if
applicable) vesting of a 102 Non-Trustee Awards and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto. The Corporation may
choose, alternatively, to force the Grantee to provide it with a guarantee or other security, to the satisfaction of each of the Trustee
and the Corporation, until the full payment of the applicable taxes. 

9.7. Written
Grantee Undertaking . To the extent and with respect to any 102 Trustee Award, and as required by Section 102 of the Ordinance and
the Rules, by virtue of the receipt of such Award, the Grantee is deemed to have provided, undertaken and confirm the following written
undertaking (and such undertaking is deemed incorporated into any documents signed by the Grantee in connection with the employment or
service of the Grantee and/or the grant of such Award), and which undertaking shall be deemed to apply and relate to all 102 Trustee
Awards granted to the Grantee, whether under this Plan or other plans maintained by the Corporation, and whether prior to or after the
date hereof. 

9.7.1. The
Grantee shall comply with all terms and conditions set forth in Section 102 of the Ordinance with regard to the Capital Gain Track 
or the Ordinary Income Track , as applicable, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended
from time to time; 

9.7.2. The
Grantee is familiar with, and understands the provisions of, Section 102 of the Ordinance in general, and the tax arrangement under the
 Capital Gain Track or the Ordinary Income Track in particular, and its tax consequences; the Grantee agrees
that the 102 Trustee Awards and Shares that may be issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of the 102 Trustee Awards (or otherwise
in relation to the 102 Trustee Awards), will be held by the Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance for at least the
duration of the Holding Period (as such term is defined in Section 102) under the Capital Gain Track or the
 Ordinary Income Track , as applicable. The Grantee understands that any release of such 102 Trustee Awards or Shares from
trust, or any sale of the Share prior to the termination of the Holding Period, as defined above, will result in taxation at marginal
tax rate, in addition to deductions of appropriate social security, health tax contributions or other compulsory payments; and 

9.7.3. The
Grantee agrees to the trust agreement signed between the Corporation, the Employer and the Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 102
of the Ordinance. 

18 

10. 3(i)
 AWARDS . 

Awards
granted pursuant to this Section 10 are intended to constitute 3(i) Awards and shall be granted subject to the general terms and conditions
specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Awards under different
tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between the provisions of this Section 10 and the other
terms of this Plan, this Section 10 shall prevail. 

10.1. To
the extent required by the Ordinance or the ITA or otherwise deemed by the Committee to be advisable, the 3(i) Awards and/or any shares
or other securities issued or distributed with respect thereto granted pursuant to this Plan shall be issued to a Trustee nominated by
the Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance or the terms of a trust agreement, as applicable. In such event, the
Trustee shall hold such Awards and/or other securities issued or distributed with respect thereto in trust, until exercised or (if applicable)
vested by the Grantee and the full payment of tax arising therefrom, pursuant to the Corporation s instructions from time to time
as set forth in a trust agreement, which will have been entered into between the Corporation and the Trustee. If determined by the Board
or the Committee, and subject to such trust agreement, the Trustee will also hold the shares issuable upon exercise or (if applicable)
vesting of the 3(i) Awards, as long as they are held by the Grantee. If determined by the Board or the Committee, and subject to such
trust agreement, the Trustee shall be responsible for withholding any taxes to which a Grantee may become liable upon issuance of Shares,
whether due to the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of Awards. 

10.2. Shares
pursuant to a 3(i) Award shall not be issued, unless the Grantee delivers to the Corporation payment in cash or by bank check or such
other form acceptable to the Committee of all withholding taxes due, if any, on account of the Grantee acquired Shares under the Award
or gives other assurance satisfactory to the Committee of the payment of those withholding taxes. 

11. RESTRICTED
 SHARES . 

The
Committee may award Restricted Shares to any eligible Grantee, including under Section 102 of the Ordinance. Each Award of Restricted
Shares under this Plan shall be evidenced by a written agreement between the Corporation and the Grantee (the Restricted Share
Agreement ), in such form as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The Restricted Shares shall be subject to all applicable
terms of this Plan, which in the case of Restricted Shares granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance shall include Section 9 hereof,
and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with this Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Shares Agreements
entered into under this Plan need not be identical. The Restricted Share Agreement shall comply with and be subject to Section 6 and
the following terms and conditions, unless otherwise specifically provided in such Agreement and not inconsistent with this Plan, or
Applicable Law: 

11.1. Purchase
Price . Section 6.4 shall not apply. Each Restricted Share Agreement shall state an amount of Exercise Price to be paid by the Grantee,
if any, in consideration for the issuance of the Restricted Shares and the terms of payment thereof, which may include payment in cash
or, subject to the Committee s approval, by issuance of promissory notes or other evidence of indebtedness on such terms and conditions
as determined by the Committee. 

11.2. Restrictions .
Restricted Shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution (in which case they shall be transferred subject to all restrictions then or thereafter applicable thereto),
until such Restricted Shares shall have vested (the period from the date on which the Award is granted until the date of vesting of the
Restricted Share thereunder being referred to herein as the Restricted Period ). The Committee may also impose such
additional or alternative restrictions and conditions on the Restricted Shares, as it deems appropriate, including the satisfaction of
performance criteria (which, in case of 102 Trustee Awards, may be subject to obtaining a specific tax ruling or determination from the
ITA). Such performance criteria may include, but are not limited to, sales, earnings before interest and taxes, return on investment,
earnings per share, any combination of the foregoing or rate of growth of any of the foregoing, as determined by the Committee or pursuant
to the provisions of any Corporation policy required under mandatory provisions of Applicable Law. Certificates for shares issued pursuant
to Restricted Share Awards, if issued, shall bear an appropriate legend referring to such restrictions, and any attempt to dispose of
any such shares in contravention of such restrictions shall be null and void and without effect. Such certificates may, if so determined
by the Committee, be held in escrow by an escrow agent appointed by the Committee, or, if a Restricted Share Award is made pursuant to
Section 102 of the Ordinance, by the Trustee. In determining the Restricted Period of an Award the Committee may provide that the foregoing
restrictions shall lapse with respect to specified percentages of the awarded Restricted Shares on successive anniversaries of the date
of such Award. To the extent required by the Ordinance or the ITA, the Restricted Shares issued pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance
shall be issued to the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance and the Restricted Shares shall be held for the benefit
of the Grantee for at least the Required Holding Period. 

19 

11.3. Forfeiture;
Repurchase . Subject to such exceptions as may be determined by the Committee, if the Grantee s continuous employment with or
service to the Corporation or any Affiliate thereof shall terminate for any reason prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period of
an Award or prior to the timely payment in full of the Exercise Price of any Restricted Shares, any Shares remaining subject to vesting
or with respect to which the purchase price has not been paid in full, shall thereupon be forfeited, transferred to, and redeemed, repurchased
or cancelled by, as the case may be, in any manner as set forth in Section 6.6.2(i) through (v), subject to Applicable Law and the Grantee
shall have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Shares. 

11.4. Ownership .
During the Restricted Period the Grantee shall possess all incidents of ownership of such Restricted Shares, subject to Section Error!
Reference source not found. and Section 11.2, including the right to vote and receive dividends with respect to such Shares. All
securities, if any, received by a Grantee with respect to Restricted Shares as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, combination
of shares, or other similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to the original Award. 

12. RESTRICTED
 SHARE UNITS . 

An
RSU is an Award covering a number of Shares that is settled, if vested and (if applicable) exercised, by issuance of those Shares. An
RSU may be awarded to any eligible Grantee, including under Section 102 of the Ordinance. The Award Agreement relating to the grant of
RSUs under this Plan (the Restricted Share Unit Agreement ), shall be in such form as the Committee shall from time
to time approve. The RSUs shall be subject to all applicable terms of this Plan, which in the case of RSUs granted under Section 102
of the Ordinance shall include Section 9 hereof, and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with this Plan. The
provisions of the various Restricted Share Unit Agreements entered into under this Plan need not be identical. RSUs may be granted in
consideration of a reduction in the recipient s other compensation. 

12.1. Exercise
Price . No payment of Exercise Price shall be required as consideration for RSUs, unless included in the Award Agreement or as required
by Applicable Law, and Section 6.4 shall apply, if applicable. 

12.2. Shareholders 
Rights . The Grantee shall not possess or own any ownership rights in the Shares underlying the RSUs and no rights as a shareholder
shall exist prior to the actual issuance of Shares in the name of the Grantee. 

12.3. Settlements
of Awards . Settlement of vested RSUs shall be made in the form of Shares or cash (in case of 102 Trustee Awards, the settlement shall
be made in the form of shares only). Distribution to a Grantee of an amount (or amounts) from settlement of vested RSUs can be deferred
to a date after settlement as determined by the Committee. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor
or by dividend equivalents. Until the grant of RSUs is settled, the number of Shares underlying such RSUs shall be subject to adjustment
pursuant hereto. 

20 

12.4. Section
409A Restrictions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any RSUs granted under this Plan that are not exempt
from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code shall contain such restrictions or other provisions so that such RSUs will comply with
the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, if applicable to the Corporation. Such restrictions, if any, shall be determined by the
Committee and contained in the Restricted Share Unit Agreement evidencing such RSU. For example, such restrictions may include a requirement
that any Shares that are to be issued in a year following the year in which the RSU vests must be issued in accordance with a fixed,
pre-determined schedule. 

13. OTHER
 SHARE OR SHARE-BASED AWARDS . 

13.1. The
Committee may grant other Awards under this Plan pursuant to which Shares (which may, but need not, be Restricted Shares pursuant to
Section 11 hereof), cash (in settlement of Share-based Awards) or a combination thereof, are or may in the future be acquired or received,
or Awards denominated in stock units, including units valued on the basis of measures other than market value. 

13.2. The
Committee may also grant stock appreciation rights without the grant of an accompanying option, which rights shall permit the Grantees
to receive, at the time of any exercise of such rights, cash equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of the Shares in respect
to which the right was granted is so exercised exceeds the exercise price thereof. The exercise price of any such stock appreciation
right granted to a Grantee who is subject to U.S. federal income tax shall be determined in compliance with Section 7.2. 

13.3. Such
other Share-based Awards as set forth above may be granted alone, in addition to, or in tandem with any Award of any type granted under
this Plan (without any obligation or assurance that that such Share-based Awards will be entitled to tax benefits under Applicable Law
or to the same tax treatment as other Awards under this Plan). 

14. EFFECT
 OF CERTAIN CHANGES . 

14.1. General . 

14.1.1.
In the event of a division or subdivision of the outstanding share capital of the Corporation, any distribution of bonus shares
(stock split), consolidation or combination of share capital of the Corporation (reverse stock split), reclassification with respect
to the Shares or any similar recapitalization events (each, a Recapitalization ), a merger (including, a reverse
merger and a reverse triangular merger), consolidation, amalgamation or like transaction of the Corporation with or into another
corporation, a reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of shares, spin-off or other corporate divestiture or
division, or other similar occurrences, the Committee shall have the authority to make, without the need for a consent of any holder
of an Award, such adjustments as determined by the Committee to be appropriate, in its discretion, in order to adjust (i) the number
and class of shares reserved and available for grants of Awards, (ii) the number and class of shares covered by outstanding Awards,
(iii) the Exercise Price per share covered by any Award, (iv) the terms and conditions concerning vesting and exercisability and the
term and duration of the outstanding Awards, (v) the type or class of security, asset or right underlying the Award (which need not
be only that of the Corporation, and may be that of the surviving corporation or any affiliate thereof or such other entity party to
any of the above transactions), and (vi) any other terms of the Award that in the opinion of the Committee should be adjusted. Any
fractional shares resulting from such adjustment shall be treated as determined by the Committee, and in the absence of such
determination shall be rounded to the nearest whole share, and the Corporation shall have no obligation to make any cash or other
payment with respect to such fractional shares. No adjustment shall be made by reason of the distribution of subscription rights or
rights offering to outstanding shares or other issuance of shares by the Corporation, unless the Committee determines otherwise. The
adjustments determined pursuant to this Section 14.1 (including a determination that no adjustment is to be made) shall be final,
binding and conclusive. 

21 

14.1.2. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary included herein, in the event of a distribution of cash dividend by the Corporation to all holders of Shares,
the Committee shall have the authority to determine, without the need for a consent of any holder of an Award, that the Exercise Price
of any Award, which is outstanding and unexercised on the record date of such distribution, shall be reduced by an amount equal to the
per Share gross dividend amount distributed by the Corporation, and the Committee may determine that the Exercise Price following such
reduction shall be not less than the par value of a Share. The application of this Section with respect to any 102 Awards shall be subject
to obtaining a ruling from the ITA, to the extent required by applicable law and subject to the terms and conditions of any such ruling. 

14.2. Merger/Sale
of Corporation . In the event of (i) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or a sale (including an
exchange) of all or substantially all of the shares of the Corporation, to any person, or a purchase by a shareholder of the
Corporation or by an Affiliate of such shareholder, of all the shares of the Corporation held by all or substantially all other
shareholders or by other shareholders who are not Affiliated with such acquiring party; (ii) a merger (including, a reverse merger
and a reverse triangular merger), consolidation, amalgamation or like transaction of the Corporation with or into another
corporation; (iii) a scheme of arrangement for the purpose of effecting such sale, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other
transaction; (iv) approval by the shareholders of the Corporation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation, (v)
Change in Board Event, or (vi) such other transaction or set of circumstances that is determined by the Board, in its discretion, to
be a transaction subject to the provisions of this Section 14.2 excluding any of the foregoing transactions in clauses (i) through
(iv) if the Board determines that such transaction should be excluded from the definition hereof and the applicability of this
Section 14.2 (such transaction, a Merger/Sale ), then, without derogating from the general authority and power
of the Board or the Committee under this Plan, without the Grantee s consent and action and without any prior notice
requirement, the Committee may make any determination as to the treatment of Awards, in its sole and absolute discretion, as
provided herein: 

14.2.1. Unless
otherwise determined by the Committee, any Award then outstanding shall be assumed or be substituted by the Corporation, or by the successor
corporation in such Merger/Sale or by any parent or Affiliate thereof, as determined by the Committee in its discretion (the Successor
Corporation ), under terms as determined by the Committee or the terms of this Plan applied by the Successor Corporation to
such assumed or substituted Awards. 

For
the purposes of this Section 14.2.1, the Award shall be considered assumed or substituted if, following a Merger/Sale, the Award confers
on the holder thereof the right to purchase or receive, for each Share underlying an Award immediately prior to the Merger/Sale, either
(i) the consideration (whether shares or other securities, cash or other property, or rights, or any combination thereof) distributed
to or received by holders of Shares in the Merger/Sale for each Share held on the effective date of the Merger/Sale (and if holders were
offered a choice or several types of consideration, the type of consideration as determined by the Committee, which need not be the same
type for all Grantees), or (ii) regardless of the consideration received by the holders of Shares in the Merger/Sale, solely shares or
any type of Awards (or their equivalent) of the Successor Corporation at a value to be determined by the Committee in its discretion,
or a certain type of consideration (whether shares or other securities, cash or other property, or rights, or any combination thereof)
as determined by the Committee. Any of the consideration referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) shall be subject to the same
vesting and expiration terms of the Awards applying immediately prior to the Merger/Sale, unless determined by the Committee, in its
discretion, that the consideration shall be subject to different vesting and expiration terms, or other terms, and the Committee may
determine that it be subject to other or additional terms. The foregoing shall not limit the Committee s authority to determine
that in lieu of such assumption or substitution of Awards for Awards of the Successor Corporation, such Award will be substituted for
shares or other securities, cash or other property, or rights, or any combination thereof, including as set forth in Section 14.2.2 hereunder. 

14.2.2. Regardless
of whether or not Awards are assumed or substituted, the Committee may (but shall not be obligated to): 

14.2.2.1. provide for the Grantee to have the right to exercise the Award in respect of Shares covered by the Award which would otherwise be exercisable or vested, under such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine, and the cancellation of all unexercised Awards (whether vested or unvested) upon or immediately prior to the closing of the Merger/Sale, unless the Committee provides for the Grantee to have the right to exercise the Award, or otherwise for the acceleration of vesting of such Award, as to all or part of the Shares covered by the Award which would not otherwise be exercisable or vested, under such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine; 

22 

14.2.2.2. provide
for the cancellation of each outstanding Award at or immediately prior to the closing of such Merger/Sale, and if and to the extent payment
shall be made to the Grantee of an amount in shares or other securities of the Corporation, the acquiror or of a corporation or other
business entity which is a party to the Merger/Sale, cash or other property, or rights, or any combination thereof, as determined by
the Committee to be fair in the circumstances, and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee. The Committee
shall have full authority to select the method for determining the payment (being the intrinsic spread value of the option,
Black-Scholes model or any other method). Inter alia , and without limitation of the following determination being made in other
circumstances, the Committee s determination may provide that payment shall be set to zero if the value of the Shares is determined
to be less than the Exercise Price, or in respect of Shares covered by the Award which would not otherwise be exercisable or vested,
or that payment may be made only in excess of the Exercise Price; and/or 

14.2.2.3. provide
that the terms of any Award shall be otherwise amended, modified or terminated, as determined by the Committee to be fair in the circumstances. 

14.2.3. The
Committee may determine: (i) that any payments made in respect of Awards shall be made or delayed to the same extent that payment of
consideration to the holders of the Shares in connection with the Merger/Sale is made or delayed as a result of escrows, indemnification,
earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies or conditions; (ii) the terms and conditions applying to the payment made or payable
to the Grantees, including participation in escrow, indemnification, releases, earn-outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies; and (iii)
that any terms and conditions applying under the applicable definitive transaction agreements shall apply to the Grantees (including,
appointment and engagement of a shareholders or sellers representative, payment of fees or other costs and expenses associated with such
services, indemnifying such representative, and authorization to such representative within the scope of such representative s
authority in the applicable definitive transaction agreements). 

14.2.4. The
Committee may determine to suspend the Grantee s rights to exercise any vested portion of an Award for a period of time prior to
the signing or consummation of a Merger/Sale transaction. 

14.2.5. Without
limiting the generality of this Section 14, if the consideration in exchange for Awards in a Merger/Sale includes any securities and
due receipt thereof by any Grantee (or by the Trustee for the benefit of such Grantee) may require under applicable law (i) the registration
or qualification of such securities or of any person as a broker or dealer or agent with respect to such securities; or (ii) the provision
to any Grantee of any information under the Securities Act or any other securities laws, then the Committee may determine that the Grantee
shall be paid in lieu thereof, against surrender of the Shares or cancellation of any other Awards, an amount in cash or other property,
or rights, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee to be fair in the circumstances, and subject to such terms and
conditions as determined by the Committee. Nothing herein shall entitle any Grantee to receive any form of consideration that such Grantee
would be ineligible to receive as a result of such Grantee s failure to satisfy (in the Committee s sole determination) any
condition, requirement or limitation that is generally applicable to the Corporation s shareholders, or that is otherwise applicable
under the terms of the Merger/Sale, and in such case, the Committee shall determine the type of consideration and the terms applying
to such Grantees. 

14.2.6. Neither
the authorities and powers of the Committee under this Section 14.2, nor the exercise or implementation thereof, shall (i) be restricted
or limited in any way by any adverse consequences (tax or otherwise) that may result to any holder of an Award, and (ii) as, inter
alia , being a feature of the Award upon its grant, be deemed to constitute a change or an amendment of the rights of such holder
under this Plan, nor shall any such adverse consequences (as well as any adverse tax consequences that may result from any tax ruling
or other approval or determination of any relevant tax authority) be deemed to constitute a change or an amendment of the rights of such
holder under this Plan, and may be effected without consent of any Grantee and without any liability to the Corporation or its Affiliates,
or to their respective officers, directors, employees and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing.
The Committee need not take the same action with respect to all Awards or with respect to all Service Providers. The Committee may take
different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of an Award. The Committee may determine an amount or type of consideration
to be received or distributed in a Merger/Sale which may differ as among the Grantees, and as between the Grantees and any other holders
of shares of the Corporation. 

23 

14.2.7. The
Committee may determine that upon a Merger/Sale any Shares held by Grantees (or for Grantee s benefit) are sold in accordance with
instructions issued by the Committee in connection with such Merger/Sale, which shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Grantees. 

14.2.8. All
of the Committee s determinations pursuant to this Section 14 shall be at its sole and absolute discretion, and shall be final,
conclusive and binding on all Grantees (including, for clarity, as it relates to Shares issued upon exercise or vesting of any Awards
or that are Awards, unless otherwise determined by the Committee) and without any liability to the Corporation or its Affiliates, or
to their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any
of the foregoing, in connection with the method of treatment, chosen course of action or determinations made hereunder. 

14.2.9. If
determined by the Committee, the Grantees shall be subject to the definitive agreement(s) in connection with the Merger/Sale as applying
to holders of Shares including, such terms, conditions, representations, undertakings, liabilities, limitations, releases, indemnities,
appointing and indemnifying shareholders/sellers representative, participating in transaction expenses, shareholders/sellers representative
expense fund and escrow arrangement, in each case as determined by the Committee. Each Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person
designated by the Corporation to so execute, as well as (if applicable) the Trustee holding any Shares for the Grantee s behalf)
such separate agreement(s) or instruments as may be requested by the Corporation, the Successor Corporation or the acquiror in connection
with such in such Merger/Sale or otherwise under or for the purpose of implementing this Section 14.2, and in the form required by them.
The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition to the receipt of assumed or substituted Awards, payment in lieu of the
Award, the exercise of any Award or otherwise to be entitled to benefit from shares or other securities, cash or other property, or rights,
or any combination thereof, pursuant to this Section 14.2 (and the Corporation (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its authorization
above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions of such agreements). 

14.3. Reservation
of Rights . Except as expressly provided in this Section 14 (if any), the Grantee of an Award hereunder shall have no rights by reason
of any Recapitalization of shares of any class, any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any class, or any dissolution, liquidation,
reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of shares, spin-off or other corporate divestiture or division, or other
similar occurrences), or Merger/Sale. Any issue by the Corporation of shares of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock
of any class, shall not affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number, type or price of shares
subject to an Award. The grant of an Award pursuant to this Plan shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Corporation to
make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structures or to merge or to consolidate or
to dissolve, liquidate or sell, or transfer all or part of its business or assets or engage in any similar transactions. 

15. NON-TRANSFERABILITY
 OF AWARDS; SURVIVING BENEFICIARY . 

15.1. All
Awards granted under this Plan by their terms shall not be transferable, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution,
unless otherwise determined by the Committee or under this Plan, provided that with respect to Shares issued upon exercise, Shares issued
upon the vesting of Awards or Awards that are Shares, the restrictions on transfer shall be the restrictions referred to in Section 16
(Conditions upon Issuance of Shares) hereof. Subject to the above provisions, the terms of such Award, this Plan and any applicable Award
Agreement shall be binding upon the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of such Grantee. Awards may be exercised
or otherwise realized, during the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee or by his guardian or legal representative, to the extent
provided for herein. Any transfer of an Award not permitted hereunder (including transfers pursuant to any decree of divorce, dissolution
or separate maintenance, any property settlement, any separation agreement or any other agreement with a spouse) and any grant of any
interest in any Award to, or creation in any way of any direct or indirect interest in any Award by, any party other than the Grantee
shall be null and void and shall not confer upon any party or person, other than the Grantee, any rights. A Grantee may file with the
Committee a written designation of a beneficiary, who shall be permitted to exercise such Grantee s Award or to whom any benefit
under this Plan is to be paid, in each case, in the event of the Grantee s death before he or she fully exercises his or her Award
or receives any or all of such benefit, on such form as may be prescribed by the Committee and may, from time to time, amend or revoke
such designation. If no designated beneficiary survives the Grantee, the executor or administrator of the Grantee s estate shall
be deemed to be the Grantee s beneficiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the request of the Grantee and subject to Applicable
Law the Committee, at its sole discretion, may permit the Grantee to transfer the Award to a trust whose beneficiaries are the Grantee
and/or the Grantee s immediate family members (all or several of them). 

24 

15.2. Notwithstanding
any other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, no Incentive Stock Option may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise
alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with a beneficiary designation
pursuant to Section 15.1. Further, all Incentive Stock Options granted to a Grantee shall be exercisable during his or her lifetime only
by such Grantee. 

15.3. As
long as the Shares are held by the Trustee in favor of the Grantee, all rights possessed by the Grantee over the Shares are personal,
and may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or mortgaged, other than by will or laws of descent and distribution. 

15.4. If
and to the extent a Grantee is entitled to transfer an Award and/or Shares underlying an Award in accordance with the terms of the Plan
and any other applicable agreements, such transfer shall be subject (in addition, to any other conditions or terms applying thereto)
to receipt by the Corporation from such proposed transferee of a written instrument, on a form reasonably acceptable to the Corporation,
pursuant to which such proposed transferee agrees to be bound by all provisions of the Plan and any other applicable agreements, including
without limitation, any restrictions on transfer of the Award and/or Shares set forth herein (however, failure to so deliver such instrument
to the Corporation as set forth above shall not derogate from all such provisions applying on any transferee). 

15.5. The
provisions of this Section 15 shall apply to the Grantee and to any purchaser, assignee or transferee of any Shares. 

16. CONDITIONS
 UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES; GOVERNING PROVISIONS . 

16.1. Legal
Compliance . The grant of Awards and the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement of Awards shall be subject to compliance with
all Applicable Law as determined by the Corporation, including, applicable requirements of federal, state and foreign law with respect
to such securities. The Corporation shall have no obligations to issue Shares pursuant to the exercise or settlement of an Award and
Awards may not be exercised or settled, if the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement would constitute a violation of any Applicable
Law as determined by the Corporation, including, applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or
the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. In addition, no Award may be exercised
unless (i) a registration statement under the Securities Act or equivalent law in another jurisdiction shall at the time of exercise
or settlement of the Award be in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon exercise of the Award, or (ii) in the opinion of legal
counsel to the Corporation, the shares issuable upon exercise of the Award may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act or equivalent law in another jurisdiction. The inability of the Corporation
to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, if any, deemed by the Corporation to be necessary to the lawful issuance
and sale of any Shares hereunder, and the inability to issue Shares hereunder due to non-compliance with any Corporation policies with
respect to the sale of Shares, shall relieve the Corporation of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares
as to which such requisite authority or compliance shall not have been obtained or achieved. As a condition to the exercise of an Award,
the Corporation may require the person exercising such Award to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence
compliance with any Applicable Law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested
by the Corporation, including to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for
investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, all in form and content specified by the Corporation. 

25 

16.2. Provisions
Governing Shares . Shares issued pursuant to an Award shall be subject to this Plan (unless otherwise determined by the Committee),
and shall be subject to the Charter and Bylaws of the Corporation, any limitation, restriction or obligation included in any shareholders
agreement applicable to all or substantially all of the holders of shares (regardless of whether or not the Grantee is a formal party
to such shareholders agreement), any other governing documents of the Corporation, all policies, manuals and internal regulations adopted
by the Corporation from time to time, in each case, as may be amended from time to time, including any provisions included therein concerning
restrictions or limitations on disposition of Shares (such as, but not limited to, right of first refusal and lock up/market stand-off)
or grant of any rights with respect thereto, forced sale and bring along/drag along provisions, any provisions concerning restrictions
on the use of inside information and other provisions deemed by the Corporation to be appropriate in order to ensure compliance with
Applicable Law. Each Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person designated by the Corporation to so execute, as well as (if applicable)
the Trustee holding any Shears for the Grantee s behalf) such separate agreement(s) as may be requested by the Corporation relating
to matters set forth in or otherwise for the purpose of implementing this Section 16.2. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may
be a condition by the Corporation to the exercise of any Award and the Corporation (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its
authorization above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions of such agreements. 

16.3. Share
Purchase Transactions; Forced Sale . In the event that the Board approves a Merger/Sale effected by way of a forced or compulsory
sale or in the event of a transaction for the sale of all shares of the Corporation, then, without derogating from such provisions and
in addition thereto, the Grantee shall be obligated, and shall be deemed to have agreed to the offer to effect the Merger/Sale (and the
Shares held by or for the benefit of the Grantee shall be included in the shares of the Corporation approving the terms of such Merger/Sale
for the purpose of satisfying the required majority), and shall sell all of the Shares held by or for the benefit of the Grantee on the
terms and conditions applying to the holders of Shares, in accordance with the instructions then issued by the Board, whose determination
shall be final. No Grantee shall contest, bring any claims or demands, or exercise any appraisal rights related to any of the foregoing.
Each Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person designated by the Corporation to so execute, as well as (if applicable) the Trustee
holding any Shares for the Grantee s behalf) such documents and agreements, as may be requested by the Corporation relating to
matters set forth in or otherwise for the purpose of implementing this Section 16.3. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may
be a condition by the Corporation to the exercise of any Award and the Corporation (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its
authorization above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions of such agreements. 

16.4. Data
Privacy; Data Transfer . Information related to Grantees and Awards hereunder, as shall be received from Grantee or others, and/or
held by, the Corporation or its Affiliates from time to time, and which information may include sensitive and personal information related
to Grantees Information ), will be used by the Corporation or its Affiliates (or third parties appointed by any
of them, including the Trustee) to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or for administration of the Plan as they deems necessary
or advisable, or for the respective business purposes of the Corporation or its Affiliates (including in connection with transactions
related to any of them). The Corporation and its Affiliates shall be entitled to transfer the Information among the Corporation or its
Affiliates, and to third parties for the purposes set forth above, which may include persons located abroad (including, any person administering
the Plan or providing services in respect of the Plan or in order to comply with legal requirements, or the Trustee, their respective
officers, directors, employees and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing), and any person
so receiving Information shall be entitled to transfer it for the purposes set forth above. The Corporation shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that the transfer of such Information shall be limited to the reasonable and necessary scope. By receiving an Award
hereunder, Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Information is provided at Grantee s free will and Grantee consents to the
storage and transfer of the Information as set forth above. 

26 

17. MARKET
 STAND-OFF 

17.1.
In connection with any underwritten public offering of equity securities of the Corporation pursuant to an effective registration
statement filed under the Securities Act or equivalent law in another jurisdiction, the Grantee shall not directly or indirectly,
without the prior written consent of the Corporation or its underwriters, (i) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any
option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or
otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares or other Awards, any securities of the Corporation (whether or
not such Shares were acquired under this Plan), or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable (directly or
indirectly) for Shares or securities of the Corporation and any other shares or securities issued or distributed in respect thereto
or in substitution thereof (collectively, Securities ), or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that
transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Securities, whether any such
transaction described in the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) is to be settled by delivery of Securities, in cash or otherwise. The
foregoing provisions of this Section 17.1 shall not apply to the sale of any shares to an underwriter pursuant to an underwriting
agreement. Such restrictions (the Market Stand-Off shall be in effect for such period of time (the
 Market Stand-Off Period ): (A) following the first public filing of the registration statement relating to the
underwritten public offering until the expiration of up to 180 days following the effective date of such registration statement
relating to the Corporation s public offering; or (B) such other period as shall be requested by the Corporation or the
underwriters. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the underwriter(s) and the Corporation agree on a termination date
of the Market Stand-Off Period in the event of failure to consummate a certain public offering, then such termination shall apply
also to the Market Stand-Off Period hereunder with respect to that particular public offering. 

17.2. In
the event of a subdivision of the outstanding share capital of the Corporation, the distribution of any securities (whether or not of
the Corporation), whether as bonus shares or otherwise, and whether as dividend or otherwise, a recapitalization, a reorganization (which
may include a combination or exchange of shares or a similar transaction affecting the Corporation s outstanding securities without
receipt of consideration), a consolidation, a spin-off or other corporate divestiture or division, a reclassification or other similar
occurrence, any new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Shares
subject to the Market Stand-Off, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, shall immediately be subject to the Market Stand-Off. 

17.3. In
order to enforce the Market Stand-Off, the Corporation may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Shares acquired under
this Plan until the end of the applicable Market Stand- Off period. 

17.4. The
underwriters in connection with a registration statement so filed are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 17 and shall
have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. Each Grantee shall execute such
separate agreement(s) as may be requested by the Corporation or the underwriters in connection with such registration statement and in
the form required by them, relating to Market Stand-Off (which need not be identical to the provisions of this Section 17, and may include
such additional provisions and restrictions as the underwriters deem advisable) or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.
The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition by the Corporation to the exercise of any Award. 

17.5. Without
derogating from the above provisions of this Section 17 or elsewhere in this Plan, the provisions of this Section 17 shall apply to the
Grantee and the Grantee s heirs, legal representatives, successors, assigns, and to any purchaser, assignee or transferee of any
Awards or Shares. 

27 

18. AGREEMENT
 REGARDING TAXES; DISCLAIMER . 

18.1. If
the Corporation shall so require, as a condition of exercise or (if applicable) vesting of an Award, the release of Shares by the Trustee
or the expiration of the Restricted Period, a Grantee shall agree that, no later than the date of such occurrence, the Grantee will pay
to the Corporation (or the Trustee, as applicable) or make arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation and the Trustee (if applicable)
regarding payment of any applicable taxes and compulsory payments of any kind required by Applicable Law to be withheld or paid. 

18.2. TAX
LIABILITY . ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAW WHICH MAY ARISE FROM THE GRANT OF ANY AWARDS OR THE EXERCISE OR (IF APPLICABLE)
VESTING THEREOF, THE SALE OR DISPOSITION OF ANY SHARES GRANTED HEREUNDER OR ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OR (IF APPLICABLE) THE VESTING OF ANY
AWARD, THE ASSUMPTION, SUBSTITUTION, CANCELLATION OR PAYMENT IN LIEU OF AWARDS OR FROM ANY OTHER ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY TAXES AND COMPULSORY PAYMENTS, SUCH AS SOCIAL SECURITY OR HEALTH TAX PAYABLE BY THE GRANTEE OR THE
COMPANY IN CONNECTION THEREWITH) SHALL BE BORNE AND PAID SOLELY BY THE GRANTEE, AND THE GRANTEE SHALL INDEMNIFY THE COMPANY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES
AND AFFILIATES AND THE TRUSTEE, AND SHALL HOLD THEM HARMLESS AGAINST AND FROM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH TAX OR PAYMENT OR ANY PENALTY,
INTEREST OR INDEXATION THEREON. EACH GRANTEE AGREES TO, AND UNDERTAKES TO COMPLY WITH, ANY RULING, SETTLEMENT, CLOSING AGREEMENT OR OTHER
SIMILAR AGREEMENT OR ARRANGEMENT WITH ANY TAX AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING WHICH IS APPROVED BY THE COMPANY. 

18.3. NO
TAX ADVICE . THE GRANTEE IS ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF RECEIVING, EXERCISING OR
DISPOSING OF AWARDS HEREUNDER. THE COMPANY DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO ADVISE THE GRANTEE ON SUCH MATTERS, WHICH SHALL REMAIN
SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GRANTEE. 

18.4. TAX
TREATMENT . THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES (INCLUDING THE EMPLOYER) DO NOT UNDERTAKE OR ASSUME ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY TO
THE EFFECT THAT ANY AWARD SHALL QUALIFY WITH ANY PARTICULAR TAX REGIME OR RULES APPLYING TO PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT, OR BENEFIT FROM
ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT OR TAX ADVANTAGE OF ANY TYPE AND THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES (INCLUDING THE EMPLOYER) SHALL BEAR NO LIABILITY
IN CONNECTION WITH THE MANNER IN WHICH ANY AWARD IS TREATED FOR TAX PURPOSES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE AWARD WAS GRANTED OR WAS INTENDED
TO QUALIFY UNDER ANY PARTICULAR TAX REGIME OR TREATMENT. THIS PROVISION SHALL SUPERSEDE ANY TYPE OF AWARDS OR TAX QUALIFICATION INDICATED
IN ANY CORPORATE RESOLUTION OR AWARD AGREEMENT, WHICH SHALL AT ALL TIMES BE SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF APPLICABLE LAW. THE COMPANY
AND ITS AFFILIATES (INCLUDING THE EMPLOYER) DO NOT UNDERTAKE AND SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO TAKE ANY ACTION IN ORDER TO QUALIFY ANY AWARD
WITH THE REQUIREMENT OF ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT AND NO INDICATION IN ANY DOCUMENT TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY AWARD IS INTENDED TO QUALIFY
FOR ANY TAX TREATMENT SHALL IMPLY SUCH AN UNDERTAKING. THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES (INCLUDING THE EMPLOYER) DO NOT UNDERTAKE TO REPORT
FOR TAX PURPOSES ANY AWARD IN ANY PARTICULAR MANNER, INCLUDING IN ANY MANNER CONSISTENT WITH ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT. NO ASSURANCE
IS MADE BY THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES (INCLUDING THE EMPLOYER) THAT ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT ON THE DATE OF GRANT WILL
CONTINUE TO EXIST OR THAT THE AWARD WOULD QUALIFY AT THE TIME OF EXERCISE, VESTING OR DISPOSITION THEREOF WITH ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT.
THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES (INCLUDING THE EMPLOYER) SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION OF ANY NATURE IN THE EVENT THAT AN
AWARD DOES NOT QUALIFY FOR ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT, REGARDLESS WHETHER THE COMPANY COULD HAVE OR SHOULD HAVE TAKEN ANY ACTION TO
CAUSE SUCH QUALIFICATION TO BE MET AND SUCH QUALIFICATION REMAINS AT ALL TIMES AND UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES AT THE RISK OF THE GRANTEE.
THE COMPANY DOES NOT UNDERTAKE OR ASSUME ANY LIABILITY TO CONTEST A DETERMINATION OR INTERPRETATION (WHETHER WRITTEN OR UNWRITTEN) OF
ANY TAX AUTHORITIES, INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF THE QUALIFICATION UNDER ANY PARTICULAR TAX REGIME OR RULES APPLYING TO PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT.
IF THE AWARDS DO NOT QUALIFY UNDER ANY PARTICULAR TAX TREATMENT IT COULD RESULT IN ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THE GRANTEE. 

28 

18.5. The
Corporation or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (including the Employer) may take such action as it may deem necessary or appropriate, in
its discretion, for the purpose of or in connection with withholding of any taxes and compulsory payments which the Trustee, the Corporation
or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (including the Employer) (or any applicable agent thereof) is required by any Applicable Law to withhold
in connection with any Awards, including, without limitations, any income tax, social benefits, social insurance, health tax, pension,
payroll tax, fringe benefits, excise tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation
in the Plan and applicable by law to the Participant (collectively, Withholding Obligations ). Such actions may include
(i) requiring a Grantees to remit to the Corporation or the Employer in cash an amount sufficient to satisfy such Withholding Obligations
and any other taxes and compulsory payments, payable by the Corporation or the Employer in connection with the Award or the exercise
or (if applicable) the vesting thereof; (ii) subject to Applicable Law, allowing the Grantees to surrender Shares to the Corporation,
in an amount that at such time, reflects a value that the Committee determines to be sufficient to satisfy such Withholding Obligations;
(iii) withholding Shares otherwise issuable upon the exercise of an Award at a value which is determined by the Corporation to be sufficient
to satisfy such Withholding Obligations; or (iv) any combination of the foregoing. The Corporation shall not be obligated to allow the
exercise or vesting of any Award by or on behalf of a Grantee until all tax consequences arising therefrom are resolved in a manner acceptable
to the Corporation. 

18.6.
Each Grantee shall notify the Corporation in writing promptly and in any event within ten (10) days after the date on which such
Grantee first obtains knowledge of any tax authority inquiry, audit, assertion, determination, investigation, or question relating
in any manner to the Awards granted or received hereunder or Shares issued thereunder and shall continuously inform the Corporation
of any developments, proceedings, discussions and negotiations relating to such matter, and shall allow the Corporation and its
representatives to participate in any proceedings and discussions concerning such matters. Upon request, a Grantee shall provide to
the Corporation any information or document relating to any matter described in the preceding sentence, which the Corporation, in
its discretion, requires. 

18.7. With
respect to 102 Non-Trustee Options, if the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Corporation, Parent, Subsidiary or any Affiliate (including
the Employer), the Grantee shall extend to the Corporation and/or the Employer a security or guarantee for the payment of taxes due at
the time of sale of Shares, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules. 

18.8. If
a Grantee makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to an Award as of the date of transfer of Shares
rather than as of the date or dates upon which the Grantee would otherwise be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, such Grantee shall
deliver a copy of such election to the Corporation upon or prior to the filing such election with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.
Neither the Corporation nor any Affiliate (including the Employer) shall have any liability or responsibility relating to or arising
out of the filing or not filing of any such election or any defects in its construction. 

19. RIGHTS
 AS A SHAREHOLDER; VOTING AND DIVIDENDS . 

19.1. Subject
to Section 11.4, a Grantee shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Corporation with respect to any Shares covered by an Award until
the Grantee shall have exercised or (as applicable) vests in the Award, paid any Exercise Price therefor and becomes the record holder
of the subject Shares. In the case of 102 Awards, the Trustee shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Corporation with respect to
the Shares covered by such Award until the Trustee becomes the record holder for such Shares for the Grantee s benefit, and the
Grantee shall not be deemed to be a shareholder and shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Corporation with respect to the Shares
covered by the Award until the date of the release of such Shares from the Trustee to the Grantee and the transfer of record ownership
of such Shares to the Grantee (provided, however, that the Grantee shall be entitled to receive from the Trustee any cash dividend or
distribution made on account of the Shares held by the Trustee for such Grantee s benefit, subject to any tax withholding and compulsory
payment). No adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in shares or other securities, cash or other
property, or rights, or any combination thereof) or distribution of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date on which
the Grantee or Trustee (as applicable) becomes the record holder of the Shares covered by an Award, except as provided in Section 14
hereof. 

29 

19.2. With
respect to all Awards issued in the form of Shares hereunder or upon the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of Awards hereunder,
any and all voting rights attached to such Shares shall be subject to Section Error! Reference source not found. , and the Grantee
shall be entitled to receive dividends distributed with respect to such Shares, subject to the provisions of the Corporation s
Charter and Bylaws, as amended from time to time, and subject to any Applicable Law. 

19.3. The
Corporation may, but shall not be obligated to, register or qualify the sale of Shares under any applicable securities law or any other
Applicable Law. 

20. NO
 REPRESENTATION BY COMPANY . 

By
granting the Awards, the Corporation is not, and shall not be deemed as, making any representation or warranties to the Grantee regarding
the Corporation, its business affairs, its prospects or the future value of its Shares and such representations and warranties are hereby
disclaimed. The Corporation shall not be required to provide to any Grantee any information, documents or material in connection with
the Grantee s considering an exercise of an Award. To the extent that any information, documents or materials are provided, the
Corporation shall have no liability with respect thereto. Any decision by a Grantee to exercise an Award shall solely be at the risk
of the Grantee. 

21. NO
 RETENTION RIGHTS . 

Nothing
in this Plan, any Award Agreement or in any Award granted or agreement entered into pursuant hereto shall confer upon any Grantee the
right to continue in the employ of, or be in the service of the Corporation or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof as a Service Provider
or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in this Plan or such agreement, or to interfere with or limit in any
way the right of the Corporation or any such Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate such Grantee s employment or service (including,
any right of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates to immediately cease the Grantee s employment or service or to shorten all
or part of the notice period, regardless of whether notice of termination was given by the Corporation or its Affiliates or by the Grantee).
Awards granted under this Plan shall not be affected by any change in duties or position of a Grantee, subject to Sections 6.6 through
6.8. No Grantee shall be entitled to claim and the Grantee hereby waives any claim against the Corporation or any Subsidiary or Affiliate
that he or she was prevented from continuing to vest Awards as of the date of termination of his or her employment with, or services
to, the Corporation or any Subsidiary or Affiliate. No Grantee shall be entitled to any compensation in respect of the Awards which would
have vested had such Grantee s employment or engagement with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate) not been terminated. 

22. PERIOD
 DURING WHICH AWARDS MAY BE GRANTED . 

Awards
may be granted pursuant to this Plan from time to time within a period of ten (10) years from the Effective Date, which period may be
extended from time to time by the Board. From and after such date (as extended) no grants of Awards may be made and this Plan shall continue
to be in full force and effect with respect to Awards or Shares issued thereunder that remain outstanding. 

23. AMENDMENT
 OF THIS PLAN AND AWARDS . 

23.1. The Board at any time and from time to time may suspend, terminate, modify or amend this Plan, whether retroactively or prospectively. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section shall be binding upon all Grantees and all Awards, whether granted prior to or after the date of such amendment, and without the need to obtain the consent of any Grantee. No termination or amendment of this Plan shall affect any then outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Board. 

30 

23.2. Subject
to changes in Applicable Law that would permit otherwise, without the approval of the Corporation s shareholders, there shall be
(i) no increase in the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under this Plan as Incentive Stock Options (except by operation
of the provisions of Section 14.1), (ii) no change in the class of persons eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options, and (iii) no
other amendment of this Plan that would require approval of the Corporation s shareholders under any Applicable Law. Unless not
permitted by Applicable Law, if the grant of an Award is subject to approval by shareholders, the date of grant of the Award shall be
determined as if the Award had not been subject to such approval. Failure to obtain approval by the shareholders shall not in any way
derogate from the valid and binding effect of any grant of an Award that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

23.3. The
Board or the Committee at any time and from time to time may modify or amend any Award theretofore granted, including any Award Agreement,
whether retroactively or prospectively. 

24. APPROVAL . 

24.1. This Plan shall take effect upon its adoption by the Board (the Effective Date ). 

24.2. Solely
with respect to grants of Incentive Stock Options, this Plan shall also be subject to shareholders approval, within one year of
the Effective Date, by a majority of the votes cast on the proposal at a meeting or a written consent of shareholders (however, if the
grant of an Award is subject to approval by shareholders, the date of grant of the Award shall be determined as if the Award had not
been subject to such approval). Failure to obtain such approval by the shareholders within such period shall not in any way derogate
from the valid and binding effect of any grant of an Award, except that any Options previously granted under this Plan may not qualify
as Incentive Stock Options but, rather, shall constitute Nonqualified Stock Options. Upon approval of this Plan by the shareholders of
the Corporation as set forth above, all Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan on or after the Effective Date shall be fully
effective as if the shareholders of the Corporation had approved this Plan on the Effective Date. 

24.3. 102
Awards are conditional upon the filing with or approval by the ITA, if required, as set forth in Section 9.49. Failure to so file or
obtain such approval shall not in any way derogate from the valid and binding effect of any grant of an Award, which is not a 102 Award. 

25. RULES
 PARTICULAR TO SPECIFIC COUNTRIES; SECTION 409A . 

25.1. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the terms and conditions of this Plan may be supplemented or amended with respect to a particular country
or tax regime by means of an appendix to this Plan, and to the extent that the terms and conditions set forth in any appendix conflict
with any provisions of this Plan, the provisions of such appendix shall govern. Terms and conditions set forth in such appendix shall
apply only to Awards granted to Grantees under the jurisdiction of the specific country or such other tax regime that is the subject
of such appendix and shall not apply to Awards issued to a Grantee not under the jurisdiction of such country or such other tax regime.
The adoption of any such appendix shall be subject to the approval of the Board or the Committee, and if determined by the Committee
to be required in connection with the application of certain tax treatment, pursuant to applicable stock exchange rules or regulations
or otherwise, then also the approval of the shareholders of the Corporation at the required majority. 

25.2. This
Section 25.2 shall only apply to Awards granted to Grantees who are subject to United States Federal income tax. 

25.2.1 It
is the intention of the Corporation that no Award shall be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code unless and to the
extent that the Committee specifically determines otherwise as provided in Section 25.2.2, and the Plan and the terms and conditions
of all Awards shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. 

31 

25.2.2 The
terms and conditions governing any Awards that the Committee determines will be subject to Section 409A of the Code, including any rules
for payment or elective or mandatory deferral of the payment or delivery of Shares or cash pursuant thereto, and any rules regarding
treatment of such Awards in the event of a Change in Control, shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and shall be intended
to comply in all respects with Section 409A of the Code, and the Plan and the terms and conditions of such Awards shall be interpreted
and administered accordingly. 

25.2.3 The
Corporation shall have complete discretion to interpret and construe the Plan and any Award Agreement in any manner that establishes
an exemption from (or compliance with) the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. If for any reason, such as imprecision in drafting,
any provision of the Plan and/or any Award Agreement does not accurately reflect its intended establishment of an exemption from (or
compliance with) Code Section 409A, as demonstrated by consistent interpretations or other evidence of intent, such provision shall be
considered ambiguous as to its exemption from (or compliance with) Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted by the Corporation
in a manner consistent with such intent, as determined in the discretion of the Corporation. If, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions
of this Section 25.2.3, any provision of the Plan or any such agreement would cause a Grantee to incur any additional tax or interest
under Section 409A of the Code, the Corporation may reform such provision in a manner intended to avoid the incurrence by such Grantee
of any such additional tax or interest; provided that the Corporation shall maintain, to the extent reasonably practicable, the
original intent and economic benefit to the Grantee of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A of the
Code. For the avoidance of doubt, no provision of this Plan shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to
comply with the requirements of Section 409A from any Grantee or any other individual to the Corporation or any of its affiliates, employees
or agents. 

25.2.4 Notwithstanding
any other provision in the Plan, any Award Agreement, or any other written document establishing the terms and conditions of an Award,
if any Grantee is a specified employee, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, as of the date of his or her separation
from service (as defined under Section 409A of the Code), then, to the extent required by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(2)
(or any successor provision), any payment made to such Grantee on account of his or her separation from service shall not be made before
a date that is six months after the date of his or her separation from service. The Committee may elect any of the methods of applying
this rule that are permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(2)(ii) (or any successor provision). 

25.2.5 Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Section 25.2 to the contrary, although the Corporation intends to administer the Plan so that Awards will
be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Corporation does not warrant that any Award under
the Plan will qualify for favorable tax treatment under Section 409A of the Code or any other provision of federal, state, local, or
non-United States law. The Corporation shall not be liable to any Grantee for any tax, interest, or penalties the Grantee might owe as
a result of the grant, holding, vesting, exercise, or payment of any Award under the Plan. 

26. GOVERNING
 LAW; JURISDICTION . 

This
Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, except with
respect to matters that are subject to tax laws, regulations and rules of any specific jurisdiction, which shall be governed by the respective
laws, regulations and rules of such jurisdiction. Certain definitions, which refer to laws other than the laws of such jurisdiction,
shall be construed in accordance with such other laws. The competent courts located in Tel-Aviv-Jaffa, Israel shall have exclusive jurisdiction
over any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Plan and any Award granted hereunder. By signing any Award Agreement or any
other agreement relating to an Award, each Grantee irrevocably submits to such exclusive jurisdiction. 

32 

27. NON-EXCLUSIVITY
 OF THIS PLAN . 

The
adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the power or authority of the Corporation to adopt such other
or additional incentive or other compensation arrangements of whatever nature as the Corporation may deem necessary or desirable or preclude
or limit the continuation of any other plan, practice or arrangement for the payment of compensation or fringe benefits to employees
generally, or to any class or group of employees, which the Corporation or any Affiliate now has lawfully put into effect, including
any retirement, pension, savings and stock purchase plan, insurance, death and disability benefits and executive short-term or long-term
incentive plans. 

28. MISCELLANEOUS . 

28.1. Survival .
The Grantee shall be bound by and the Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of any Awards granted hereunder shall
remain subject to this Plan after the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of Awards, in accordance with the terms of this Plan, whether
or not the Grantee is then or at any time thereafter employed or engaged by the Corporation or any of its Affiliates. 

28.2. Additional
Terms . Each Award awarded under this Plan may contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be determined
by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 

28.3. Fractional
Shares . No fractional Share shall be issuable upon exercise or vesting of any Award and the number of Shares to be issued shall be
rounded down to the nearest whole Share, with any Share remaining at the last vesting date due to such rounding to be issued upon exercise
at such last vesting date. 

28.4. Severability .
If any provision of this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with an Award shall be determined
to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof shall be severable
and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. In addition, if
any particular provision contained in this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with an Award
shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographic scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by
limiting and reducing such provision as to such characteristic so that the provision is enforceable to fullest extent compatible with
Applicable Law as it shall then appear. 

28.5. Captions
and Titles . The use of captions and titles in this Plan or any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection
with an Award is for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Plan
or such agreement. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 ex10-4.htm

Exhibit 10.4 

NOTICE
OF OPTION GRANT 

You
have been granted the following options (the Options to purchase shares of common stock par value US 0.001 each
(the Shares of ScoutCam Inc. (the Company ), pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions
of the Company s 2020 Share Incentive Plan, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (as may be amended from time
to time, the Plan ), and the additional terms and conditions contained herein. Unless otherwise defined, capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them under the Plan. 

Grantee: 

Date
 of Grant: 

such
 date being subject to Section 9.4 of the Plan and Section 10.2 of this Agreement 

Intended
 Type of Award: 

Incentive
 Stock Option (U.S.) 
 
 check
 one ): 

Nonqualified
 Stock Option (U.S.) 

Option
 designated as 102 Capital Gains Track Award (with Trustee) (Israel) 

Option
 designated as 102 Ordinary Income Track Award (with Trustee) (Israel) 

Option
 designated as 102 Non-Trustee Award (Israel) 

Option
 designated as 3(9) Award (Israel) 

Other 

the
 above being subject to Section 9 of the Option Agreement, Section 18.4 of the Plan and applicable law 
 
 Exercise
 Price 
 
 (US 
 / NIS / Other) 
 Grant__ExercisePrice 
 per
 Share 

Contact_FullName 

Number
 of Shares underlying the Options: 

Vesting
 Commencement Date: 

Vesting
 Schedule: 

Subject
 to the terms of the Plan (including Sections 6.6 and 6.7 thereof), the Options shall vest and become exercisable under the following
 schedule: 33.33 of the Shares covered by the Options, on the first anniversary of the date on the Vesting Commencement Date, and
 8.33 of the Shares covered by the Options at the end of each subsequent three-month period thereafter over the course of the subsequent
 2 years; provided , in each case, that the Grantee remains continuously as a Service Provider of the Company or its Affiliates
 throughout each such vesting date; and, further, that the each of the outstanding Options shall immediately vest upon the occurrence
 of the following: (i) the sale of all or substantially al of the assets of the Company, (ii) the sale of more than fifty percent
 (50 of the outstanding common stock of the Company in a non-public sale, (iii) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or
 (iv) any merger, share exchange, consolidation or other reorganization or business combination of the Company if immediately after
 such transaction either (A) persons who were directors of the Company immediately prior such transaction do not constitute at least
 a majority of the directors of the surviving entity, or (B) persons who hold majority of the voting capital stock of the surviving
 entity are not persons who held a majority of the voting capital stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction. 

Exercise
 Period: 
 
 The
 date determined in accordance with and subject to Section 8 of the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. 

The
Options are governed by this Notice of Option Grant and by the provisions of the Plan and the Option Agreement, both of which are attached
to and made an integral part of this Notice. By signing the Option Agreement, the Grantee acknowledges receipt of copies of the Plan
and the Option Agreement, represents that the Grantee read and is familiar with their provisions, and hereby accepts the Options subject
to all of their terms and conditions. 

THIS
OPTION AGREEMENT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THE OPTIONS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY SECURITIES LAW OR
ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, SUBJECT TO THEIR TERMS, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS
THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS COVERING THIS AGREEMENT
AND/OR SUCH SECURITIES, OR THE HOLDER RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY STATING THAT SUCH OFFERING, SALE, TRANSFER,
ASSIGNMENT, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE
QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 

OPTION
AGREEMENT 

The
Company has granted to the Grantee named in the Notice of Option Grant Notice to which this Option Agreement (this
 Agreement is attached Options upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice and this Agreement. The Options
have been granted pursuant to and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and conditions of the Notice, this Agreement and the
Plan, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and made an integral part of this Agreement. 

By
signing this Agreement, the Grantee: (a) represents that the Grantee has received copies of, and has read and is familiar with the terms
and conditions of, the Notice, the Plan and this Agreement, (b) accepts that the Options, the Shares issued upon the exercise thereof
and/or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Notice, the Plan
this Agreement, the Trust Agreement (as defined below) and any other documents ancillary hereto or thereto, and (c) agrees to accept
as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Board or the Committee upon any questions arising under the
Notice, the Plan or this Agreement (whether before or after the issuance of Shares pursuant to the Options). While certain terms and
conditions are included in this Agreement, such terms and conditions shall not in any way derogate from the applicability of all other
terms and conditions set forth in the Plan. The Grantee acknowledges that the terms and conditions of the Plan may be amended from time
to time as set forth therein, and therefore, any reference to the Plan shall be deemed to refer to the Plan as amended from time to time,
including any amendments adopted after the date of grant. Unless otherwise stated, in the event of any inconsistency or contradiction
between any of the terms of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

1. No
Disposition of Options . The Options shall not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred (whether by operation of law or otherwise),
and shall not be subject to sale under execution, attachment, levy or similar process (each of the foregoing, a Transfer other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

2. Issuance
and Disposition of Shares . 

2.1. Legal
Compliance . The Company shall have no obligations to issue Shares pursuant to the exercise or settlement of Options and Options may
not be exercised or settled (even if vested), if the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement would constitute a violation of any
Applicable Laws as determined by the Company, including, applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations
or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. THE GRANTEE IS CAUTIONED THAT THE
OPTIONS MAY NOT BE EXERCISED UNLESS THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS AND THOSE SET FORTH IN THE PLAN ARE SATISFIED. ACCORDINGLY, THE OPTIONEE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EXERCISE THE OPTIONS WHEN DESIRED EVEN THOUGH THE OPTION IS VESTED. 

2.2. Provisions
Governing Shares . Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be subject to the restrictions referred to in Section 16 of the Plan
(Conditions upon Issuance of Shares; Governing Provisions) and in this Agreement, the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, any limitation,
restriction or obligation included in any stockholders agreement applicable to all or substantially all of the holders of Shares (regardless
of whether or not the Grantee is a formal party to such stockholders agreement), any other governing documents of the Company, and all
policies, manuals and internal regulations adopted by the Company from time to time, in each case, as may be amended from time to time,
including, without limitation, any provisions included therein concerning restrictions or limitations on disposition of Shares (such
as, but not limited to, right of first refusal and lock-up/market stand-off) or grant of any rights with respect thereto, forced sale
and bring along provisions, any provisions concerning a restrictions on the use of inside information and other provisions deemed by
the Company to be appropriate in order to ensure compliance with Applicable Laws and with the requirements of any transaction entered
into or proposed to be entered into by the Company. By exercising an Option the Grantee is deemed to have undertaken to comply with all
the foregoing provisions. The Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person designated by the Company to so execute, as well as (if
applicable) the Trustee holding any Shares for the Grantee s behalf) such separate agreement(s) as may be requested by the Company
relating to matters set forth in or otherwise for the purpose of implementing this Section 2.2. The execution of such separate agreement(s)
may be a condition by the Company to the exercise of any Award and the Company (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its authorization
above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions of such agreements. 

2.3. Waiver .
As a material precondition to the Company s grant of Options and issuance of any Shares under the Plan, the Grantee hereby irrevocably
waives any right of first refusal, pre-emptive, co-sale, participation rights or other similar rights with respect to any prior or future
Transfer of any shares in the Company by other stockholders or the issuance of securities by the Company, if such right was so provided
in any agreement between the Company and any of its stockholders, in the Articles of Incorporation or in any other governing document
of the Company. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Company and its stockholders are entitled to rely on this irrevocable waiver. 

2.4. Additional
or Substituted Securities . In the event that in connection with the declaration of a share dividend (bonus shares), a share split,
a reverse share split, a reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of shares), a consolidation, a spin-off or other
corporate divestiture or division, a recapitalization, a reclassification or other similar occurrence affecting the Company s outstanding
securities without receipt of consideration (or in consideration for the par value, if shares bear par value), any new, substituted or
additional securities or other property (other than cash dividend) are distributed by reason of such occurrence with respect to any Shares
which are subject to this Section 2, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, then such substituted or additional securities
or other property (if distributed) shall immediately be subject to this Section 2. Any adjustments to reflect the distribution of
such securities or other property shall be conclusively determined by the Company. The terms and conditions contained herein and in the
Plan in respect of the Option and/or the Shares shall apply to any new, substituted or additional securities or other property resulting
from the above adjustments. 

2.5. Market
Stand-Off . As a material precondition to the grant of Options and the issuance of any Shares in accordance with the Plan, and without
limitation of Section 17 of the Plan, the Grantee hereby executes a market stand-off undertaking in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B . 

2.6. Data
Privacy; Data Transfer . Information related to the Grantee and Award(s) hereunder, as shall be received from Grantee or others, and/or
held by, the Company or its Affiliates from time to time, and which information may include sensitive and personal information related
to the Grantee Information ), will be used by the Company or its Affiliates (or third parties appointed by any of
them, including the Trustee) to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or for administration of the Plan as they deems necessary
or advisable, or for the respective business purposes of the Company or its Affiliates (including in connection with transactions related
to any of them). The Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to transfer the Information among the Company or its Affiliates and
to third parties for the purposes set forth above, which may include persons located abroad (including, any person administering the
Plan or providing services in respect of the Plan or in order to comply with legal requirements, or the Trustee, their respective officers,
directors, employees and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing), and any person so receiving
Information shall be entitled to transfer it for the purposes set forth above. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to ensure that the transfer of such Information shall be limited to the reasonable and necessary scope. By receiving an Award hereunder,
Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Information is provided at Grantee s free will and that Grantee hereby consents to the
storage and transfer of the Information as set forth above. 

3. Exercise
Procedures . 

3.1. The
Grantee may exercise Options that have become exercisable by giving a signed written notice to the Company, delivered in person or by
mail (or such other methods of delivery prescribed by the Company) to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company or to such other person
as determined by the Committee, or in any other manner as the Committee shall prescribe from time to time. The exercise notice shall
be in a form prescribed by the Company from time to time. The Grantee shall specify in the notice the election to exercise Options, the
number of Shares for which it is being exercised (which may be equal to or lower than the aggregate number of Shares that have become
exercisable at such time, subject to the last sentence of this Section), accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for such
Shares in the manner permitted by the Plan. In the event that Options are being exercised by the representative of the Grantee, if permitted
under the Plan, the notice shall be accompanied by proof (satisfactory to the Company) of the representative s right to exercise
such Options. 

3.2. After
receiving a proper and duly executed notice of exercise in the form prescribed by the Company, the Company shall cause to be issued a
certificate or certificates for the Shares as to which the Options have been exercised, registered in the name of the person exercising
such Options, except that in case of Options designated as 102 Trustee Awards, the Shares shall be issued to and in the name of the Trustee
for the benefit of the Grantee. The issuance shall be subject to the payment of any and all applicable taxes and compulsory payments
by the Grantee. Subject to Section 19 of the Plan, the Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares subject
to Options until the Grantee shall have duly exercised the Options, paid the full Exercise Price therefor, if required, paid all applicable
taxes and compulsory payments therefor and becomes the record holder of the subject Shares. 

3.3. Without
derogating from the provision of the Plan, in the event that the Company or, with respect to 102 Trustee Awards, the Trustee, determines
that it is required to withhold any tax as a result of the exercise of Options, the Grantee, as a condition to the exercise of Options,
shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, to enable it to satisfy all withholding requirements.
The Grantee shall also make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, to enable it to satisfy any withholding
requirements that may arise in connection with the vesting or disposition of Shares acquired pursuant to the grant of an Option under
the Plan. Furthermore, the Grantee shall indemnify the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, and hold them harmless against and from
any and all liability for any such tax or interest or penalty thereon, including without limitation, liabilities relating to withholding. 

4. Payment
of Exercise Price . The Exercise Price shall be paid in cash or in such other manner as determined in accordance with the Plan. 

5. Repurchase
Right . Grantee agrees that all Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Options shall be subject to certain repurchase rights
in favor of the Company or its assigns as provided in the Plan. 

6. Restricted
Securities . Grantee acknowledges and understands that, unless the issuance of Shares that may be acquired upon exercise of
the Options is registered under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Act ), before any
exercise of the Options, the Shares acquired upon exercise of the Options will be characterized as restricted
securities under the federal securities laws, as the shares will be acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving
a public offering, and that under such laws and applicable regulations the Shares may not be resold without registration under the
Securities Act, except in certain limited circumstances. The Grantee represents to the Company that he or she is either familiar
with Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby
and by the Securities Act, or has sought counsel from someone with such knowledge. The Grantee acknowledges that if an exemption
from registration or qualification is available, it may be conditioned on various requirements, including, but not limited to, the
time and manner of sale, the holding period for the Shares, and on requirements relating to the Company that are outside the
Grantee s control, and which the Company is under no obligation to satisfy and may not be able to satisfy. Prior to any
transfer of the Shares by the Grantee, the Company retains the right to request and receive from the Grantee an opinion of counsel
that the proposed transfer may be completed in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. 

7. Legend .
Unless the issuance of Shares that may be acquired upon exercise of the Options is registered under the Securities Act, the Company may
at any time place legends referencing the restriction imposed on the Shares (including, without limitation, right of first refusal and
right of repurchase) and any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing Shares
subject to the provisions of this Agreement. The Grantee shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and
all certificates representing Shares acquired pursuant to Options in the possession of the Grantee in order to carry out the provisions
of this Section. Unless otherwise specified by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include, but shall not be limited
to, the following: 

7.1. THE
SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY SECURITIES LAW OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, SUBJECT
TO THEIR TERMS, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS COVERING SUCH SECURITIES, OR THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, STATING THAT SUCH OFFERING, SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM
THE REGISTRATION OR PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 

7.2. THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE COMPANY S ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION, THE COMPANY S SHARE INCENTIVE
PLAN AND THE OPTION AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY, EACH AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE
OF THIS COMPANY. 

8. Term
and Expiration . The Options shall expire in accordance with the Plan, including in case the Grantee s employment or service
terminates for any reason. 

9. Tax
Matters and Consultation . 

9.1. THE
GRANTEE IS ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF RECEIVING OR EXERCISING OPTIONS HEREUNDER. THE
COMPANY DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO ADVISE THE GRANTEE ON SUCH MATTERS, WHICH SHALL REMAIN SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE
GRANTEE. Without derogating from Section 18 of the Plan, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, including the indication under
 Intended Type of Award above, the Company shall be under no duty to ensure, and no representation or commitment is made,
that the Options qualify or will qualify under any particular tax treatment (such as Section 102, ISO or any other treatment), nor shall
the Company be required to take any action for the qualification of any Option under such tax treatment. If the Options do not qualify
under any particular tax treatment it could result in adverse tax consequences to the Grantee. By signing below, Grantee agrees that
the Company and its Affiliates and their respective employees, directors, officers and stockholders shall not be liable for any tax,
penalty, interest or cost incurred by Grantee as a result of such determination, nor will any of them have any liability of any kind
or nature in the event that, for any reason whatsoever, an Option does not qualify for any particular tax treatment. 

9.2. Without
limitation of the foregoing, with respect to Incentive Stock Option and Nonqualified Stock Option, there is no guarantee that the Internal
Revenue Service IRS will determine that the Exercise Price of these Options represent the fair market value thereof
as of the Date of Grant in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. If the IRS determines that the Exercise Price
is less than such fair market value it could result in adverse tax consequences to Grantee. 

9.3. In
case of Incentive Stock Options, adjustments made pursuant to the Plan with respect to Incentive Stock Options could constitute a modification 
of such Incentive Stock Options (as that term is defined in Section 424(h) of the Code) or could cause adverse tax consequences for the
Grantee and the Grantee should consult with his or her tax advisor regarding the consequences of such modification on his
or her income tax treatment with respect to the Incentive Stock Option. 

10. Section
102 Awards . 

10.1. Eligibility
for Awards . Subject to Applicable Law, 102 Awards may only be granted to an employee within the meaning of Section
102(a) of the Ordinance (which as of the date hereof means (i) individuals employed by an Israeli company being the Company or any of
its Affiliates, and (ii) individuals who are serving and are engaged personally (and not through an entity) as office holders 
by such an Israeli company), but may not be granted to a Controlling Shareholder Eligible 102 Grantees ). Eligible
102 Grantees may receive only 102 Awards, which may either be granted to a Trustee or granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance without
a Trustee. 

10.2. 102
Award Grant Date. 

10.2.1. Each
102 Award will be deemed granted on the date determined by the Committee, subject to Section 10.2.2, provided that (i) the Grantee
has signed all documents required by the Company or pursuant to Applicable Law, and (ii) with respect to 102 Trustee Awards, the Company
has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA, and if this Agreement is
not signed and delivered by the Grantee within 90 days from the date determined by the Committee (subject to Section 10.2.2), then
such 102 Trustee Award shall be deemed granted on such later date as this Agreement is signed and delivered and on which the Company
has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA. In the case of any contradiction,
this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in
the Notice or in any corporate resolution or any agreement. 

10.2.2. Unless
otherwise permitted by the Ordinance, any grants of 102 Trustee Awards that are made on or after the date of the adoption of this Plan
or an amendment to this Plan, as the case may be, that may become effective only at the expiration of thirty (30) days after the filing
of this Plan or any amendment thereof (as the case may be) with the ITA in accordance with the Ordinance shall be conditional upon the
expiration of such 30-day period, such condition shall be read and is incorporated by reference into any corporate resolutions approving
such grants and into this Agreement and any agreement evidencing such grants (whether or not explicitly referring to such condition),
and the date of grant shall be at the expiration of such 30-day period, whether or not the date of grant indicated therein corresponds
with this Section 10.2. In the case of any contradiction, this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall
supersede and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in the Notice or in any corporate resolution or any agreement. 

10.3. To
the extent and with respect to 102 Trustee Awards, the Grantee acknowledges, undertakes and confirms that: (i) the Grantee fully understands
that Section 102 Ordinance and the rules and regulations enacted thereunder apply to the Options, and (ii) the Grantee understands the
provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance, the tax track chosen thereunder and the implications thereof. If applicable, the terms of
such Options shall also be subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement made between the Company and the Trustee for the benefit of the
Grantee (as amended, the Trust Agreement ), and the Grantee shall sign all documents requested by the Company or
the Trustee, in accordance with and under the Trust Agreement. A copy of the Trust Agreement is available for the Grantee s
review, during normal working hours, at the Company s offices . 

10.4. Grantee
Undertaking . Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, to the extent and with respect to any Options that are 102
Capital Gain Track Awards, and as required by Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules, the Grantee acknowledges, undertakes and confirms
in writing the following (which shall be apply and relate to all Awards granted to the Grantee, whether under this Plan or other plans
maintained by the Company, and whether prior to or after the date hereof, if any): 

10.4.1. The
Grantee shall comply with all terms and conditions set forth in Section 102 of the Ordinance with regard to the Capital Gain Track 
and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time; 

10.4.2. The
Grantee is familiar with, and understands the provisions of, Section 102 of the Ordinance in general, and the tax arrangement under the
 Capital Gain Track in particular, and its tax consequences; the Grantee agrees that the Options and Shares that may be
issued upon exercise of the Options (or otherwise in relation to the Options), will be held by a trustee appointed pursuant to Section
102 of the Ordinance for at least the duration of the Holding Period, as defined in Section 102 under the Capital Gain Track .
The Grantee understands that any release of such Options or Shares from trust, or any sale of the Share prior to the termination of the
Holding Period, will result in taxation at marginal tax rates, in addition to deductions of appropriate social security, health tax contributions
or other compulsory payments; and 

10.4.3. The
Grantee agrees to the trust agreement signed between the Company, his employing company and the trustee appointed pursuant to Section
102 of the Ordinance and shall sign all documents requested by the Company or the Trustee, in accordance with and under the trust agreement. 

11. Plan
Termination or Amendment. The Board may terminate or amend the Plan or the Options at any time, subject to the Plan and any
such amendment shall apply on the Grantee and this Option Agreement (including the Options and Shares issuable or issued pursuant thereto),
without any required consent of the Grantee. Except as set forth above, this Agreement shall not be amended without the consent of the
parties hereto. 

12. Miscellaneous . 

12.1. Further
Assurances . The Grantee shall perform such further acts and execute such further documents as may reasonably be necessary by the
Company to carry out and give full effect to the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

12.2. Fractional
Shares . No fractional Share shall be issuable upon exercise or vesting of any Options and the number of Shares to be issued shall
be rounded down to the nearest whole Share, with any Share remaining at the last vesting date due to such rounding to be issued upon
exercise at such last vesting date. 

12.3. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement (together with the Notice and all Exhibits) and the Plan constitutes the full and entire understanding
and agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matters hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral (with no concession being made as to the existence of any such agreements and understandings). 

12.4. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Israel, without regard
to the conflict of law provisions thereof. Any dispute arising under or proceeding in relation to this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively
in the competent court in Tel Aviv-Jaffa, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court. 

12.5. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and enforceable against the parties,
and all of which together shall be considered one and the same agreement, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same
counterpart. The exchange of an executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission
or electronic signature shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as an original. 

-
 Signature Pages Following - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed and delivered this OPTION AGREEMENT as of the date last written below. 

ScoutCam LTD 

Signed Electronically 

By: Contact_Contact_FullName 

Date of Signature: Manager_SIGN 

Grantee 

Signed Electronically 

By: Contact_FullName 

ID No.: : Contact_IDSSN 

Date of Signature: 
 Employee_SIGN 

EXHIBIT
A 

THE
PLAN 

Market
Stand-Off Undertaking 

 To:
 Contact_FullName 

 ScoutCam
Inc. (the Company );
and 

 The
underwriters 

Dear
Sirs: 

In
connection with any underwritten public offering of equity securities of the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement
filed under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or equivalent law in another jurisdiction, and in recognition of the benefit
that such an offering will confer upon the undersigned as a stockholder of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agrees with the Company and each underwriter, during the
Lock Up Period (as defined below), that the undersigned will not, without the prior written consent of the Company or the underwriters
(or the lead underwriter, as the underwriters shall agree among themselves), directly or indirectly, (i) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract
to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant for the
sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer any shares of the Company or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for shares or securities of the Company, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned
has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (including, without limitation, awards under any Company share or equity plan) and
any shares or other securities issued or distributed with respect to or in substitution of any of the foregoing (collectively, the Lock
Up Securities ), (ii) exercise any right with respect to the registration of any of the Lock Up Securities, or file or
cause to be filed any registration statement in connection therewith, under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or equivalent
law in another jurisdiction, or (iii) enter into any swap or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part,
directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of the Lock Up Securities, whether any such swap or transaction in this
clause (iii) or (i) above is to be settled by delivery of shares or other securities of the Company, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing
provisions shall not apply to the sale of any shares to an underwriter pursuant to an underwriting agreement. 

The
restrictions contained in this letter shall be in effect for such period of time (the Lock Up Period ): (A)
until the expiration of 90 days following the effective date of such registration statement relating to any other public offering;; or
(B) as shall be requested by the Company or the underwriter(s). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the underwriter(s)
and the Company agreed on a termination date of the Lock Up Period in the event of failure to consummation a certain public offering,
then such termination shall apply also to the Lock Up Period hereunder with respect to that particular public offering. 

In
the event of a subdivision of the outstanding share capital of the Company, the distribution of any securities (whether or not of the
Company), whether as bonus shares or otherwise, and whether as dividend or otherwise, a recapitalization, a reorganization (which may
include a combination or exchange of shares or a similar transaction affecting the Company s outstanding securities without receipt
of consideration), a consolidation, a spin-off or other corporate divestiture or division, a reclassification or other similar occurrence,
any new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Lock Up Securities,
or into which such Lock Up Securities thereby become convertible, shall immediately be subject to the provisions and restrictions contained
herein. 

The
undersigned agrees that, prior to engaging in any transaction or taking any other action that is subject to the terms of this letter
during the Lock Up Period, it will give notice thereof to the Company and will not consummate such transaction or take any such action
unless it has received written confirmation from the Company that the Lock Up Period has expired. 

The
Company may impose and the undersigned agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Company s transfer
agent and registrar against the transfer of the Lock Up Securities except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions. 

The
undersigned understands that the Company and the underwriters are relying upon this letter in proceeding toward consummation of the offering.
The underwriters in connection with a registration statement so filed are intended third party beneficiaries of this letter and shall
have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. The undersigned shall execute
(and hereby empowers the Company as its proxy and attorney-in-fact to do so in his/her name) such separate agreement(s) as may be requested
by the Company or the underwriters in connection with such registration statement and in the form required by them (which need not be
identical to the provisions of this letter, and may include such additional provisions and restrictions as the underwriter(s) deem advisable)
or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition by the Company to
the exercise of any award under the Company s share incentive plan(s). 

This
letter is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigned s heirs, legal representatives, successors, assigns, and the purchaser
or transferee of any Lock Up Securities. The Company, may, at its discretion, and without any further consent, release or remove some
or all of the restrictions contained in this letter, or allow certain exceptions to such restrictions (whether in general or in any specific
case, and such relief or exceptions need not be the same or identical among to all persons bound by them). 

This
letter shall not derogate from any provision or restriction contained in any Company s share incentive plan(s), agreement between
the undersigned the Company or the underwriters, or any restriction or limitation pursuant to applicable law. 

Very truly yours, 

Signed Electronically 

By : Contact_FullName 

ID No.: : Contact_IDSSN 

Date of Signature: 
 Employee_SIGN 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 ex10-5.htm

Exhibit 10.5 

NOTICE
OF RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS GRANT 

You
have been granted the following Restricted Share Units (the RSUs to purchase shares of common stock par value US 
0.001 each (the Shares of ScoutCam Inc. (the Company ), pursuant and subject to the terms and
conditions of the Company s 2020 Share Incentive Plan, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (as may be amended
from time to time, the Plan ), and the additional terms and conditions contained herein. Unless otherwise defined,
capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them under the Plan. 

Grantee: 

Date of Grant: 

such
date being subject to Section 9.4 of the Plan and Section 10.2 of this Agreement 

Intended Type
 of 
 
 Award: 
 
 check
 one): 
 ______
 RSU designated as 102 Capital Gains Track Award (with Trustee) (Israel) 

______ RSU designated as 102 Non-Trustee Award (Israel)/
 RSU designated as 

______3(9) Award (Israel) 

______ Other 

the
above being subject to Section 9 of the Restricted Share Unit Agreement, Section 18.4 of the Plan and applicable law 

Number 
 
 RSUs Granted: 

Vesting 
 
 Commencement Date: 

Vesting
 Schedule: 
 Subject
 to the terms of the Plan (including Sections 6.6 and 6.7 thereof), the RSUs shall vest and become exercisable
 under the following schedule: 33.33 of the Shares covered by the RSUs, on the first anniversary of
 the date on the Vesting Commencement Date, and 8.33 of the Shares covered by the RSUs at the end of
 each subsequent three- month period thereafter over the course of the subsequent 2 years; provided ,
 in each case, that the Grantee remains continuously as a Service Provider of the Company or its Affiliates
 throughout each such vesting date; and, further, that the each of the outstanding RSUs shall immediately
 vest upon the occurrence of the following: (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
 the Company, (ii) the sale of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding common stock of the
 Company in a non-public sale, (iii) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or (iv) any merger,
 share exchange, consolidation or other reorganization or business combination of the Company if immediately
 after such transaction either (A) persons who were directors of the Company immediately prior to such
 transaction do not constitute at least a majority of the directors of the surviving entity, or (B)
 persons who hold a majority of the voting capital stock of the surviving entity are not persons who
 held a majority of the voting capital stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction. 

Exercise
 Period: 
 The date determined in
 accordance with and subject to Section 8 of the Restricted Share Unit Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. 

The
RSUs are governed by this Notice of Restricted Share Units Grant and by the provisions of the Plan and the Restricted Share Unit Agreement,
both of which are attached to and made an integral part of this Notice. By signing the Award Agreement, the Grantee acknowledges receipt
of copies of the Plan and the Restricted Share Unit Agreement, represents that the Grantee read and is familiar with their provisions,
and hereby accepts the RSUs subject to all of their terms and conditions. 

1 

THIS
AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON VESTING OF THE RSUS HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY SECURITIES LAW OR ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION, AND, SUBJECT TO THEIR TERMS, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS THERE IS AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS COVERING THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR
SUCH SECURITIES, OR THE HOLDER RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY STATING THAT SUCH OFFERING, SALE, TRANSFER,
ASSIGNMENT, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE
QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 

RESTRICTED
SHARE 

 UNIT AGREEMENT 

The
Company has granted to the Grantee named in the Notice of Restricted Shares Units Grant Notice to which this Restricted
Share Unit Agreement (this Agreement is attached RSUs upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Notice and
this Agreement. The RSUs have been granted pursuant to and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and conditions of the Notice,
this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference and made an integral part of this Agreement. 

By
signing this Agreement, the Grantee: (a) represents that the Grantee has received copies of, and has read and is familiar with the terms
and conditions of, the Notice, the Plan and this Agreement, (b) accepts that the RSUs, the Shares issued upon the vest thereof and/or
any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Notice, the Plan this
Agreement, the Trust Agreement (as defined below) and any other documents ancillary hereto or thereto, and (c) agrees to accept as binding,
conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Board or the Committee upon any questions arising under the Notice, the
Plan or this Agreement (whether before or after the issuance of Shares pursuant to the RSUs). While certain terms and conditions are
included in this Agreement, such terms and conditions shall not in any way derogate from the applicability of all other terms and conditions
set forth in the Plan. The Grantee acknowledges that the terms and conditions of the Plan may be amended from time to time as set forth
therein, and therefore, any reference to the Plan shall be deemed to refer to the Plan as amended from time to time, including any amendments
adopted after the date of grant. Unless otherwise stated, in the event of any inconsistency or contradiction between any of the terms
of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

1. No
Disposition of Awards . The RSUs shall not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred (whether by operation of law or otherwise),
and shall not be subject to sale under execution, attachment, levy or similar process (each of the foregoing, a Transfer other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

2.
 Issuance and Disposition of Shares . 

2.1. Legal
Compliance . The Company shall have no obligations to issue Shares pursuant to the settlement of RSUs and RSUs may not be settled
(even if vested), if the issuance of Shares upon settlement would constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws as determined by the
Company, including, applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock
exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. THE GRANTEE IS CAUTIONED THAT THE RSUS MAY NOT BE SETTLED UNLESS
THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS AND THOSE SET FORTH IN THE PLAN ARE SATISFIED. 

2.2. Provisions
Governing Shares . Shares issued upon vesting of RSUs shall be subject to the restrictions referred to in Section 16 of the Plan
(Conditions upon Issuance of Shares; Governing Provisions) and in this Agreement, the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, any
limitation, restriction or obligation included in any stockholders agreement applicable to all or substantially all of the
holders of Shares (regardless of whether or not the Grantee is a formal party to such stockholders agreement), any other governing
documents of the Company, and all policies, manuals and internal regulations adopted by the Company from time to time, in each case,
as may be amended from time to time, including, without limitation, any provisions included therein concerning restrictions or
limitations on disposition of Shares (such as, but not limited to, right of first refusal and lock-up/market stand-off) or grant of
any rights with respect thereto, forced sale and bring along provisions, any provisions concerning a restrictions on the use of
inside information and other provisions deemed by the Company to be appropriate in order to ensure compliance with Applicable Laws
and with the requirements of any transaction entered into or proposed to be entered into by the Company. The Grantee is deemed to
have undertaken to comply with all the foregoing provisions. The Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person designated by the
Company to so execute, as well as (if applicable) the Trustee holding any Shares for the Grantee s behalf) such separate
agreement(s) as may be requested by the Company relating to matters set forth in or otherwise for the purpose of implementing this
Section 2.2. The execution of such separate agreement(s)
may be a condition by the Company to the exercise of any Award and the Company (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its
authorization above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions of such
agreements. 

2 

2.3. Waiver .
As a material precondition to the Company s grant of RSUs and issuance of any Shares under the Plan, the Grantee hereby irrevocably
waives any right of first refusal, pre-emptive, co-sale, participation rights or other similar rights with respect to any prior or future
Transfer of any shares in the Company by other stockholders or the issuance of securities by the Company, if such right was so provided
in any agreement between the Company and any of its stockholders, in the Articles of Incorporation or in any other governing document
of the Company. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Company and its stockholders are entitled to rely on this irrevocable waiver. 

2.4. Additional
or Substituted Securities . In the event that in connection with the declaration of a share dividend (bonus shares), a share split,
a reverse share split, a reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of shares), a consolidation, a spin-off or other
corporate divestiture or division, a recapitalization, a reclassification or other similar occurrence affecting the Company s outstanding
securities without receipt of consideration (or in consideration for the par value, if shares bear par value), any new, substituted or
additional securities or other property (other than cash dividend) are distributed by reason of such occurrence with respect to any Shares
which are subject to this Section 2, or into which such Shares thereby become convertible, then such substituted or additional securities
or other property (if distributed) shall immediately be subject to this Section 2. Any adjustments to reflect the distribution of such
securities or other property shall be conclusively determined by the Company. The terms and conditions contained herein and in the Plan
in respect of the RSU and/or the Shares shall apply to any new, substituted or additional securities or other property resulting from
the above adjustments. 

2.5. Market
Stand-Off . As a material precondition to the grant of RSUs and the issuance of any Shares in accordance with the Plan, and without
limitation of Section 17 of the Plan, the Grantee hereby executes a market stand-off undertaking in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B . 

2.6. Data
Privacy; Data Transfer . Information related to the Grantee and Award(s) hereunder, as shall be received from Grantee or others,
and/or held by, the Company or its Affiliates from time to time, and which information may include sensitive and personal
information related to the Grantee Information ), will be used by the Company or its Affiliates (or third
parties appointed by any of them, including the Trustee) to comply with any applicable legal requirement, or for administration of
the Plan as they deems necessary or advisable, or for the respective business purposes of the Company or its Affiliates (including
in connection with transactions related to any of them). The Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to transfer the
Information among the Company or its Affiliates and to third parties for the purposes set forth above, which may include persons
located abroad (including, any person administering the Plan or providing services in respect of the Plan or in order to comply with
legal requirements, or the Trustee, their respective officers, directors, employees and representatives, and the respective
successors and assigns of any of the foregoing), and any person so receiving Information shall be entitled to transfer it for the
purposes set forth above. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the transfer of such Information
shall be limited to the reasonable and necessary scope. By receiving an Award hereunder, Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the
Information is provided at Grantee s free will and that Grantee hereby consents to the storage and transfer of the Information
as set forth above. 

3 

3.
 Issuance of Shares . 

3.1. As
soon as practicable following the vesting date, subject to payment of applicable taxes and execution of any document required by the
Company, the Company shall cause to be issued a certificate or certificates for the Shares as to which the RSUs have been vested, registered
in the name of the Grantee, except that in case of RSUs designated as 102 Trustee Awards, the Shares shall be issued to and in the name
of the Trustee for the benefit of the Grantee. The issuance shall be subject to the payment of any and all applicable taxes and compulsory
payments by the Grantee. Subject to Section 19 of the Plan, the Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares
subject to RSUs until the Grantee shall have duly paid all applicable taxes and compulsory payments therefor and the Shares are allotted
pursuant to vesting of RSUs and the Grantee becomes the record holder of the subject Shares. 

3.2. Without
derogating from the provision of the Plan, in the event that the Company or, with respect to 102 Trustee Awards, the Trustee, determines
that it is required to withhold any tax as a result of the vesting of RSUs, the Grantee shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company
and the Trustee, if applicable, to enable it to satisfy all withholding requirements. The Grantee shall also make arrangements satisfactory
to the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, to enable it to satisfy any withholding requirements that may arise in connection with
the vesting or disposition of Shares acquired pursuant to the grant of an RSU under the Plan. Furthermore, the Grantee shall indemnify
the Company and the Trustee, if applicable, and hold them harmless against and from any and all liability for any such tax or interest
or penalty thereon, including without limitation, liabilities relating to withholding. 

4. Restricted
Securities . Grantee acknowledges and understands that, unless the issuance of Shares that may be acquired upon vesting of
the RSUs is registered under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Shares acquired
upon vesting of the RSUs will be characterized as restricted securities under the federal securities laws, as the
shares will be acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering, and that under such laws and applicable
regulations the Shares may not be resold without registration under the Securities Act, except in certain limited circumstances. The
Grantee represents to the Company that he or she is either familiar with Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as presently
in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act, or has sought counsel from
someone with such knowledge. The Grantee acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is
available, it may be conditioned on various requirements, including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding
period for the Shares, and on requirements relating to the Company that are outside the Grantee s control, and which the
Company is under no obligation to satisfy and may not be able to satisfy. Prior to any transfer of the Shares by the Grantee, the
Company retains the right to request and receive from the Grantee an opinion of counsel that the proposed transfer may be completed
in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. 

4 

5. Legend .
Unless the issuance of Shares that may be acquired upon vesting of the RSUs is registered under the Securities Act, the Company may at
any time place legends referencing the restriction imposed on the Shares (including, without limitation, right of first refusal and right
of repurchase) and any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing Shares subject
to the provisions of this Agreement. The Grantee shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates
representing Shares acquired pursuant to RSUs in the possession of the Grantee in order to carry out the provisions of this Section.
Unless otherwise specified by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 

5.1. THE
SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY SECURITIES LAW OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, SUBJECT
TO THEIR TERMS, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS THERE IS AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS COVERING SUCH SECURITIES, OR THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, STATING THAT SUCH OFFERING, SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM
THE REGISTRATION OR PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 

5.2. THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE COMPANY S ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION, THE COMPANY S SHARE INCENTIVE
PLAN AND THE RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT WITH THE COMPANY, EACH AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL
OFFICE OF THIS COMPANY. 

6. Term
and Expiration . The RSUs shall expire in accordance with the Plan, including in case the Grantee s employment or service
terminates for any reason. 

7.
 Tax Matters and Consultation . 

7.1. THE
GRANTEE IS ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH A TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF RECEIVING OR RSUS HEREUNDER. THE COMPANY DOES
NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO ADVISE THE GRANTEE ON SUCH MATTERS, WHICH SHALL REMAIN SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE GRANTEE. Without
derogating from Section 18 of the Plan, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, including the indication under Intended
Type of Award above, the Company shall be under no duty to ensure, and no representation or commitment is made, that the RSUs
qualify or will qualify under any particular tax treatment (such as Section 102 or any other treatment), nor shall the Company be required
to take any action for the qualification of any RSU under such tax treatment. If the RSUs do not qualify under any particular tax treatment
it could result in adverse tax consequences to the Grantee. By signing below, Grantee agrees that the Company and its Affiliates and
their respective employees, directors, officers and stockholders shall not be liable for any tax, penalty, interest or cost incurred
by Grantee as a result of such determination, nor will any of them have any liability of any kind or nature in the event that, for any
reason whatsoever, an RSU does not qualify for any particular tax treatment. 

8.
 Section 102 Awards . 

8.1. Eligibility
for Awards . Subject to Applicable Law, 102 Awards may only be granted to an employee within the meaning of Section
102(a) of the Ordinance (which as of the date hereof means (i) individuals employed by an Israeli company being the Company or any
of its Affiliates, and (ii) individuals who are serving and are engaged personally (and not through an entity) as office
holders by such an Israeli company), but may not be granted to a Controlling Shareholder Eligible 102
Grantees ). Eligible 102 Grantees may receive only 102 Awards, which may either be granted to a Trustee or granted under
Section 102 of the Ordinance without a Trustee. 

5 

8.2. 102 Award Grant Date. 

8.2.1. Each
102 Award will be deemed granted on the date determined by the Committee, subject to Section 10.2.2, provided that (i) the Grantee has
signed all documents required by the Company or pursuant to Applicable Law, and (ii) with respect to 102 Trustee Awards, the Company
has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA, and if this Agreement is
not signed and delivered by the Grantee within 90 days from the date determined by the Committee (subject to Section 10.2.2), then such
102 Trustee Award shall be deemed granted on such later date as this Agreement is signed and delivered and on which the Company has provided
all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA. In the case of any contradiction, this
provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in the
Notice or in any corporate resolution or any agreement. 

8.2.2. Unless
otherwise permitted by the Ordinance, any grants of 102 Trustee Awards that are made on or after the date of the adoption of this Plan
or an amendment to this Plan, as the case may be, that may become effective only at the expiration of thirty (30) days after the filing
of this Plan or any amendment thereof (as the case may be) with the ITA in accordance with the Ordinance shall be conditional upon the
expiration of such 30-day period, such condition shall be read and is incorporated by reference into any corporate resolutions approving
such grants and into this Agreement and any agreement evidencing such grants (whether or not explicitly referring to such condition),
and the date of grant shall be at the expiration of such 30-day period, whether or not the date of grant indicated therein corresponds
with this Section 10.2. In the case of any contradiction, this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede
and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in the Notice or in any corporate resolution or any agreement. 

8.3. To
the extent and with respect to 102 Trustee Awards, the Grantee acknowledges, undertakes and confirms that: (i) the Grantee fully understands
that Section 102 Ordinance and the rules and regulations enacted thereunder apply to the RSUs, and (ii) the Grantee understands the provisions
of Section 102 of the Ordinance, the tax track chosen thereunder and the implications thereof. If applicable, the terms of such RSUs
shall also be subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement made between the Company and the Trustee for the benefit of the Grantee (as
amended, the Trust Agreement ), and the Grantee shall sign all documents requested by the Company or the Trustee,
in accordance with and under the Trust Agreement. A copy of the Trust Agreement is available for the Grantee s review, during
normal working hours, at the Company s offices . 

8.4. Grantee
Undertaking . Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, to the extent and with respect to any RSUs that are 102 Capital
Gain Track Awards, and as required by Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules, the Grantee acknowledges, undertakes and confirms in
writing the following (which shall be apply and relate to all Awards granted to the Grantee, whether under this Plan or other plans maintained
by the Company, and whether prior to or after the date hereof, if any): 

8.4.1. The
Grantee shall comply with all terms and conditions set forth in Section 102 of the Ordinance with regard to the Capital Gain Track 
and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time; 

6 

8.4.2. The
Grantee is familiar with, and understands the provisions of, Section 102 of the Ordinance in general, and the tax arrangement under
the Capital Gain Track in particular, and its tax consequences; the Grantee agrees that the RSUs and Shares that may
be issued upon vesting of the RSUs (or otherwise in relation to the RSUs), will be held by a trustee appointed pursuant to Section
102 of the Ordinance for at least the duration of the Holding Period, as defined in Section 102 under the Capital Gain
Track . The Grantee understands that any release of such RSUs or Shares from trust, or any sale of the Share prior to the
termination of the Holding Period, will result in taxation at marginal tax rates, in addition to deductions of appropriate social
security, health tax contributions or other compulsory payments; and 

8.4.3. The
Grantee agrees to the trust agreement signed between the Company, his employing company and the trustee appointed pursuant to Section
102 of the Ordinance and shall sign all documents requested by the Company or the Trustee, in accordance with and under the trust agreement. 

9. Plan
Termination or Amendment . The Board may terminate or amend the Plan or the RSUs at any time, subject to the Plan and any such
amendment shall apply on the Grantee and this Restricted Share Unit Agreement (including the RSUs and Shares issuable or issued pursuant
thereto), without any required consent of the Grantee. Except as set forth above, this Agreement shall not be amended without the consent
of the parties hereto. 

10.
 Miscellaneous . 

10.1. Further
Assurances . The Grantee shall perform such further acts and execute such further documents as may reasonably be necessary by the
Company to carry out and give full effect to the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

10.2. Fractional
Shares . No fractional Share shall be issuable upon vesting of any RSUs and the number of Shares to be issued shall be rounded down
to the nearest whole Share, with any Share remaining at the last vesting date due to such rounding to be issued upon exercise at such
last vesting date. 

10.3. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement (together with the Notice and all Exhibits) and the Plan constitutes the full and entire understanding
and agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matters hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral (with no concession being made as to the existence of any such agreements and understandings). 

10.4. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Israel, without regard
to the conflict of law provisions thereof. Any dispute arising under or proceeding in relation to this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively
in the competent court in Tel Aviv-Jaffa, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court. 

10.5. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and enforceable against the parties,
and all of which together shall be considered one and the same agreement, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same
counterpart. The exchange of an executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission
or electronic signature shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as an original. 

-
 Signature Pages Following - 

7 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed and delivered this RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT as of the date last written
below. 

Signed
Electronically: 

SCOUTCAM
INC. 

Name: 
 Tatiana Yosef 

Date of Signature: 
 Manager_SIGN 

GRANTEE 

Name: 

I.D. NO.: 

Date of Signature: 
 Employee_SIGN 

8 

EXHIBIT
A 

THE PLAN 

9 

Market
Stand-Off Undertaking 

 To: 

 ScoutCam
Inc. (the Company ); and 

 The underwriters 

Dear
Sirs: 

In
connection with any underwritten public offering of equity securities of the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement
filed under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or equivalent law in another jurisdiction, and in recognition of the benefit
that such an offering will confer upon the undersigned as a stockholder of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agrees with the Company and each underwriter, during the
Lock Up Period (as defined below), that the undersigned will not, without the prior written consent of the Company or the underwriters
(or the lead underwriter, as the underwriters shall agree among themselves), directly or indirectly, (i) lend, offer, pledge, sell, contract
to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant for the
sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer any shares of the Company or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for shares or securities of the Company, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned
has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (including, without limitation, awards under any Company share or equity plan) and
any shares or other securities issued or distributed with respect to or in substitution of any of the foregoing (collectively, the Lock
Up Securities ), (ii) exercise any right with respect to the registration of any of the Lock Up Securities, or file or
cause to be filed any registration statement in connection therewith, under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or equivalent
law in another jurisdiction, or (iii) enter into any swap or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part,
directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of the Lock Up Securities, whether any such swap or transaction in this
clause (iii) or (i) above is to be settled by delivery of shares or other securities of the Company, in cash or otherwise. The foregoing
provisions shall not apply to the sale of any shares to an underwriter pursuant to an underwriting agreement. 

The
restrictions contained in this letter shall be in effect for such period of time (the Lock Up Period ): (A)
until the expiration of 90 days following the effective date of such registration statement relating to any other public offering;; or
(B) as shall be requested by the Company or the underwriter(s). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the underwriter(s)
and the Company agreed on a termination date of the Lock Up Period in the event of failure to consummation a certain public offering,
then such termination shall apply also to the Lock Up Period hereunder with respect to that particular public offering. 

In
the event of a subdivision of the outstanding share capital of the Company, the distribution of any securities (whether or not of the
Company), whether as bonus shares or otherwise, and whether as dividend or otherwise, a recapitalization, a reorganization (which may
include a combination or exchange of shares or a similar transaction affecting the Company s outstanding securities without receipt
of consideration), a consolidation, a spin-off or other corporate divestiture or division, a reclassification or other similar occurrence,
any new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Lock Up Securities,
or into which such Lock Up Securities thereby become convertible, shall immediately be subject to the provisions and restrictions contained
herein. 

The
undersigned agrees that, prior to engaging in any transaction or taking any other action that is subject to the terms of this letter
during the Lock Up Period, it will give notice thereof to the Company and will not consummate such transaction or take any such action
unless it has received written confirmation from the Company that the Lock Up Period has expired. 

The
Company may impose and the undersigned agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Company s transfer
agent and registrar against the transfer of the Lock Up Securities except in compliance with the foregoing restrictions. 

10 

The
undersigned understands that the Company and the underwriters are relying upon this letter in proceeding toward consummation of the offering.
The underwriters in connection with a registration statement so filed are intended third party beneficiaries of this letter and shall
have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. The undersigned shall execute
(and hereby empowers the Company as its proxy and attorney-in-fact to do so in his/her name) such separate agreement(s) as may be requested
by the Company or the underwriters in connection with such registration statement and in the form required by them (which need not be
identical to the provisions of this letter, and may include such additional provisions and restrictions as the underwriter(s) deem advisable)
or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition by the Company to
the exercise of any award under the Company s share incentive plan(s). 

This
letter is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigned s heirs, legal representatives, successors, assigns, and the purchaser
or transferee of any Lock Up Securities. The Company, may, at its discretion, and without any further consent, release or remove some
or all of the restrictions contained in this letter, or allow certain exceptions to such restrictions (whether in general or in any specific
case, and such relief or exceptions need not be the same or identical among to all persons bound by them). 

This
letter shall not derogate from any provision or restriction contained in any Company s share incentive plan(s), agreement between
the undersigned the Company or the underwriters, or any restriction or limitation pursuant to applicable law. 

Very truly yours, 

Signed Electronically: 

GRANTEE 

Name: 

I.D. NO.: 

Date of Signature: 
 Employee_SIGN 

11 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.23>
 7
 ex10-23.htm

Exhibit
10.23 

Employment
Agreement 

Of
September 20, 2022 

Between:
ScoutCam Ltd., Company No. 515950400 

Of
7A Gan Hata asiya St., Omer, Israel 

And:
Jacob Avinu, identity no. 

Address:
 (the Employee 

Employment
and Compensation 

1. The
 Parties wish to enter into an employment agreement for an unfixed period, in accordance with
 the conditions and provisions of this Employment Agreement. The date of commencement of the
 Employee s employment, his job, his direct supervisor and other issues relating to
 the conditions of the Employee s employment, including consideration, are set out in
 Appendix A , which is attached hereto. 

2. In
 the performance of his job, the Employee shall devote all of his time, attention, ability
 and effort exclusively for the performance of his duties at the Company and he undertakes
 not to engage, either as an employee or otherwise, in any business, commercial or professional
 activities, either for consideration or otherwise, during the term of his employment, without
 receiving the Company s prior written consent to such. The provisions of this section
 shall not derogate from the Employee s undertakings as set out in Appendix B
 which is attached hereto. 

3. Each
 party shall be entitled to rescind this Agreement at any time, by giving prior notice as
 set out in Appendix A below, and subject to any law. 

4. Notwithstanding
 the provisions of section 3 above, and without derogating from its rights under this Agreement
 or under any law, the Company shall be entitled to terminate the employment of the Employee
 without prior notice, upon the occurrence of one of the following cases: (a) breach of the
 Employee s fiduciary duty, intentional damage to the Company s property, dealing
 in competing activity or any breach of Appendix B below; or (b) a fundamental breach of the
 provisions of this Agreement on condition that the Employee has not remedied the breach (to
 the extent that it can be remedied) within 7 days of receipt of a warning from the Company;
 or (c) indictment of the Employee for a criminal offense (except for a fine-related offense)
 or for involvement in sexual harassment incidentally to the Employee s employment at
 the Company; or (d) the Employee has put himself in a position of conflict of interests;
 or (e) any other circumstance in respect of which it is legally permissible to fire an employee
 without the giving of prior notice. 

5. The
 Employee shall not have a right of lien over the assets, equipment or any other of the Company s
 property that might be in his possession. The Employee shall return all of the Company s
 property that is in his possession not later than the date of termination of employer-employee
 relations, prior to his taking any unpaid leave or within 7 days of receipt of a demand to
 do so from the Company. 

6. The
 provisions of this Agreement shall not derogate from any right afforded to the Employee under
 any law, extension order, collective agreement, employment contract or any other contract
 relating to the conditions of his employment. 

Confidentiality,
Prohibition of Competition and Title to Inventions 

7. Together
 with the execution of this Agreement, the Employee shall sign an undertaking to the Company
 regarding confidentiality, prohibition of unfair competition, and title to inventions, which
 is attached hereto as Appendix B . 

Representations
and Undertakings of the Employee 

The
Employee declares and undertakes as follows: 

8. He
 has the ability, skills and knowledge that are necessary for the performance of his Job pursuant
 to this Agreement and he does not suffer from any physical or mental health deficiency that
 might unreasonably prevent or impede him in the performance of his job and his other obligations
 under this Agreement. 

9. He
 is not bound by any undertaking or other agreement whatsoever that might restrict or prevent
 him from entering into this Agreement and performing his undertakings hereunder. By executing
 this Agreement and performing his job, he is not and will not be in breach of, or in a conflict
 of interests with: (1) the rights of his previous employers or his undertakings to them;
 or (2) his undertakings under any other document to which he is a party or which binds him. 

10. He
 shall give notice to the Company, immediately, of any matter or subject in respect of which
 he or his close family might have a personal interest or that might generate a conflict of
 interests with his job and employment at the Company. 

11. He
 shall not receive any beneficial interest from any third party, directly or indirectly, with
 respect to his employment. Should the Employee breach this undertaking, then without derogating
 from the rest of the Company s rights, the beneficial interest or the value thereof
 shall be the property of the Company alone, and the Employee hereby grants the Company leave
 to deduct the value of the beneficial interest from any sum that may be owing to the Employee
 from it. This section shall not apply to gifts or benefits of a marginal value. 

12. In
 the context of his employment, he shall not act in contravention of the signature rights
 that are prescribed by the Company. 

13. Employee
 acknowledges and agrees that from time to time Employee may be required by the Company to
 travel and stay abroad as part of Employee s obligations under this Agreement. Employee
 hereby acknowledges and agrees that while Employee is abroad as part of Employee s
 obligations under this Agreement, Employee shall serve as a senior representative of the
 Company, a position which requires a special degree of personal trust, as defined in the
 Working Hours and Rest Law, 1951 (the Working Hours and Rest Law ). Therefore,
 in these special circumstances, the provisions of the Working Hours and Rest Law shall not
 apply to the Employee s employment under this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that
 while Employee is abroad as part of Employee s obligations under this Agreement, Employee
 shall be required to work overtime hours, including during late hours and during
 weekly hours of rest , and that Employee shall not be granted any additional
 compensation with regard to such overtime hours. Employee acknowledges that
 the monetary implications of this provision have been taken into account by the parties to
 this Agreement in their decision on the compensation specified in Appendix A and by the Employee
 in the Employee s decision to engage in this Agreement. 

14. For
 the purpose of performance of his job, the Company may provide the Employee with a computer,
 hardware, software, an email address and/or mobile telephone as the case may be Computers which shall be the exclusive property of the Company. Subject to the Company s procedures
 in this regard, and without derogating from his undertakings and the performance of his job
 pursuant to this Agreement, the Employee shall be entitled to make reasonable, private use
 of the Computers provided that the Employee shall not be entitled to store private files
 on the Computers (except for private folders that are prominently marked as such) and shall
 not be entitled to store Company files on private storage measures. It is clarified that
 the professional email address shall be used for professional purposes only, whilst the Employee
 shall be entitled, for private purposes, to use external email services (such as gmail). 

15. The
 Employee is aware and agrees that: (1) the Company may allow other employees and third parties
 to make use of the Computers; (2) in order to preserving its legitimate interests, the Company
 may monitor the activities on the Computers, including the usage log and the contents of
 email and internet correspondence, which shall be admissible as evidence in legal proceedings;
 (3) in light of the Employee s undertakings above, the Employee shall not have a right
 to privacy with respect to the contents of the Computers, with the exception of private folder
 that have been prominently marked as such. 

16. The
 Employee is aware and agrees that the information about him and about the conditions of his
 employment which may be accrued and documented by the Company (the Information may be provided to third parties, including outside of Israel, on condition that: (a) such
 transfer is effected for the purpose of the performance of some relevant legal provision
 or for the purpose of the Company s business (including any transactions related thereto);
 (b) no information shall be provided beyond what is necessary and reasonable; (c) the party
 to which the information is provided shall undertake to the Company, to the extent that such
 is possible and relevant, that it shall maintain the privacy of the information at a level
 of protection that is at least that which is employed by the Company with respect to the
 information. 

17. In
 the event of rescission of this Agreement, for any reason whatsoever, the Employee shall
 cooperate with the Company and shall make best endeavors to assist in the orderly transition
 of his job at the Company, and in the orderly overlap between him and the person or persons
 due to replace him in his job. 

General
Provisions 

18. This
 Agreement and the Appendixes hereto constitute the full agreement between the Parties and
 prevail over any prior agreement, offer, understanding, correspondence, content, conversation
 or arrangement, whether in writing or oral, if any, between the Parties, with respect to
 the conditions of the Employee s employment. Any matter not expressly regulated in
 this Agreement shall be in accordance with the law. Any amendment and/or addition to this
 Agreement shall bind the Parties to this Agreement and shall only be in force if it is in
 writing and signed by the Parties. 

19. Israeli
 law shall apply to this Agreement. The competent courts / tribunals in the city of Tel Aviv
 Yafo shall have exclusive jurisdiction with respect to any matter stemming from this Agreement
 or with respect to this Agreement. 

20. All
 notices must be sent by one party to the other by registered mail, by email or by hand delivery
 to the address at the top of this Agreement or to such other address as a Party may notify.
 Any notice shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient: if sent by registered
 mail 4 business days after dispatch; if sent by email one business day after
 dispatch provided that an automatic confirmation is obtained from the server that the notice
 reached its destination; if delivered by hand upon delivery provided that a certificate
 of delivery is received. 

The Employee declares that: (1) he has read
carefully and has understood all of the provisions of the Agreement and the Appendixes hereto; (2) he has been given a reasonable opportunity
to consult with third parties, including with an advocate; (3) he has signed this Agreement with full volition and consent. 

In
witness whereof, the Parties have hereunto set their hands: 

The
 Employee: /s/ Jacob Avinu 
 The
 Company: /s/ Yehu Ofer 

/s/
 Tanya Yosef 

Appendix
A Conditions of Employment 

1. Date
 of Commencement, Job and Supervisor The Employee s employment shall
 commence on November 15, 2022 , full time, in the position of SVP Product or
 such other similar position, whatever its title may be. The Employee shall report directly
 to the CEO. 

2. 
 Working Hours - Employee shall be employed on
a 5-day workweek basis. Employee s working hours shall be in accordance with the Company s policy, as in effect from time
to time. On the date of signature of this Agreement the normal working hours of the Company are 8 am to 5pm, except on one shorter workday
as determined by the Company. On the date of signature of this Agreement, the shorter weekly worday is Thursday. The Company may instruct
the Employee to work overtime. Employee s entitlement to breaks will be in accordance with any applicable law. The employees 
rest day shall be Saturday. 

3. Prior
 Notice 45 days in advance. Notice shall be given in writing however, even
 if notice is not given in writing as aforesaid, the Employee shall be deemed to have resigned
 if he gives clear notice in such regard. 

4. Salary
 A gross salary of NIS 40,746 (the Base Salary ). An additional
 global payment of NIS 11,194 per month for up to 40 overtime hours at an hourly rate of 125 
 and NIS 8,060 per month for up to 24 overtime hours at an hourly rate of 150 (the Global
 Overtime Payment up to 64 overtime hours in total (the Quota ).
 Employee will be entitled to full Global Overtime Payment even if the entire Quota was not
 met. 

The
parties estimate that the Quota reflects the actual overtime hours that Employee nay work and therefore, the Global Overtime Payment
is sufficient to cover all overtime work. The Company undertakes the Global Overtime Payment shall be raised together with any Base Salary
increase. 

The
parties agree that the Global Overtime Payment be treated, for all intents and purposes, as salary payment and therefore the Base Salary
and the Global Overtime Payment shall be collectively referred to as the Salary . Any payment or benefit under this
Appendix A, other than the Salary, shall not be considered as a salary for any purpose whatsoever, and the Employee shall not maintain
or claim otherwise. The Salary shall be payable on such dates as required by law. 

5. Pension
 Arrangements The Company shall insure the Employee under a pension arrangement
 of his choice (insurance fund, pension fund or a combination of the two), in accordance with
 the rates and conditions that are set out below: 

5.1. 
 Insurance fund executive insurance 
in accordance with the following components: 

5.1.1. 
 Insurance for loss of capacity to work the Company
shall, at its own expense and from an insurer of its choice, purchase coverage in the event of loss of capacity to work with the usual
and acceptable conditions, at the rate that is necessary for the insurance of 75 of the Salary. The Company s payment for insurance
for loss of capacity to work shall not, in any event, be greater than 2.5 of the Salary. 

5.1.2. 
 The
Company s provisions for severance pay - 8 1 / 3 of the Salary. 

5.1.3. 
 The
Company s provisions for compensation the difference between 6.5 of the Salary and the Company s payment for insurance
for loss of capacity to work, provided that in any event, the Company s provisions for compensation shall not be less than 5 of
the Salary. 

5.1.4. 
 The
Employee s provisions for compensation 6 of the Salary. 

5.2. 
 Pension fund in accordance with the following
components: The Company s provisions for severance pay 8.33 of the Salary; the Company s provisions for compensation
- 6.5 of the Salary; the Employee s provisions for compensation - 6 of the Salary. 

6. Release
 of Pension Funds The Parties adopt the provisions of the General Authorization
 regarding Employer Payments into Pension Funds and Insurance Funds in lieu of Severance Pay,
 which was issued pursuant to the Severance Pay Law, 5723-1963, as is in force from time to
 time, a copy of which is attached to this Agreement as Appendix C . The Company
 hereby waives its right to a refund of the monies that it paid to the Pension Fund and/or
 to an executive insurance policy unless the Employee s right to severance pay is repudiated
 in a judgment pursuant to sections 16 and 17 of the Severance Pay Law, 5723-1963 (in accordance
 with the provisions thereof), or if the Employee withdraws monies from the pension fund and/or
 executive insurance policy, other than due to an entitling event . For this
 purpose, an entitling event : death, disability or retirement at age sixty or
 above. The Employee declares, confirms and undertakes that the Company s provisions
 for the executive insurance policy or pension fund shall stand in place of all of the severance
 pay owing to him if any, pursuant to section 14 of the Severance Pay Law, 5723-1963, and
 in accordance with the General Authorization referred to above. 

7. Study
 Fund The Company and the Employee shall maintain a study fund for the Employee
 to which the Company shall contribute, on a monthly basis, an amount equal to 7.5 of Salary
 to Study Fund (as defined below) (the Company Portion and the Employee shall
 contribute on a monthly basis an amount equal to 2.5 of Salary to Study Fund (the Employee
 Portion ). Provided that the contributions according to this section will made for
 an amount of NIS 45,000 (the Salary to Study Fund ). The Employee hereby
 instructs the Company to transfer the Employee Portion to the selected Study Fund. In the
 event that the Company Portion and Employee Portion exceed the maximum tax-exempt ceiling
 for Study Fund contributions, the exceeding amounts shall be recognized as ordinary income
 for tax purposes, on the date of their contribution to the selected Study Fund. 

8. 
 Vacation
 The Employee shall be entitled to leave of 23 days of work for each period of twelve (12) months of employment (the
 Annual Quota but in any event, not less than that which is set out in the Annual Leave Law, 5711-1951, as such
 may be from time to time (the Annual Leave Law ). However, the Employee shall be entitled to accrue vacation
 days in a quantity of not more than twice the Annual Quota (the Accrual Quota ). Vacation days beyond the Accrual
 Quota shall be deleted without the Employee being given compensation for such. The dates for taking vacations shall be prescribed
 by the Company at its discretion, in accordance with its possibilities and needs, and where possible, taking into account the Employee s
 wishes. The Company shall be entitled to decide on a uniform annual leave period for all or some of its employees, with respect to
 some or all of their annual leave quota, as it may see fit. 

9. 
 Sick
 Pay The Employee shall be entitled to the payment of sick pay in accordance with the provisions of the Sick Pay Law,
 5736-1976. Notwithstanding the aforesaid, you will be entitled to your full Salary from the first day of your sick leave . 

10. 
 Convalescence
 Pay The Employee shall be entitled to payment of convalescence pay in accordance with the Extension Order regarding
 Payment of Convalescence Pay. 

11. 
 Company
 Car In place of travel expenses, the Company shall provide the Employee with a company car, for the purposes of the
 Employee s job capacity. The Company shall pay for all ordinary expenses in connection with the Car, including licensing fees,
 insurance, gasoline and repairs; however, the Company shall not pay for traffic tickets or infractions, toll road fees or any other
 penalties or fines. It is agreed that the Company shall bear all taxes associated with this car. 

12. 
 The
 Employee: (1) will ensure the Car is in good shape and will verify the conditions of the insurance policy will be fulfilled and satisfied
 (including instructions and requirements in connection with the protection of the Car); (2) use the Car in accordance with the Company s
 policies, which will be effective from time to time; and (3) in the event the Employee s employment with the Company shall
 expire, either by termination of employment or otherwise, the Employee shall return the Car to the Company with the keys to the Car
 as well as other related licenses and documents in connection with the Car, in accordance with the framework of this Agreement. 

13. 
 Options
 - Subject to the approval of such grant by the compensation committee and board of directors of the Company, the Employee
 shall be granted options to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock of ScoutCam, Inc. 

Vesting
 period - 33.33 on the first anniversary of the Commencement Date, and 8.33 at the end of each subsequent three-month period thereafter
 over the course of the subsequent 2 years. 

Exercise
price - US 4.5 per option. 

14. 
 Signing
 Bonus - The Employee shall receive a signing bonus in the framework of his first pay slip to be provided following the Commencement
 Date, in the aggregate (gross) amount of NIS 50,000 (the Signing Bonus ). The Employee shall be required to repay
 the Signing Bonus in full in the event of termination of employment of the Employee for any reason prior to the first year anniversary
 of the Commencement Date. 

15. 
 Performance
 Bonus - The Employee shall be entitled, after the first year anniversary of the Commencement Date, to a performance bonus
 in the aggregate (gross) amount of NIS 120,000, pursuant to certain objectives, which will be set by the CEO of the Company. 

16. 
 Options/RSU
 Compensation - the company will consider, according to its sole discretion, after the first- and second-year anniversary
 of the Commencement Date, to grant the employee additional options / RSU pursuant to certain objectives, subject to the approval
 of such grant by the CEO and board of directors of the Company. 

17. 
 Taxes
 and Mandatory Payments All of the taxes and benefits under this Agreement shall be gross sums. The Company shall
 deduct taxes and other mandatory payments as required by the law. 

The
 Employee: /s/ Jacob Avinu 
 The
 Company: /s/ Yehu Ofer 

/s/
 Tanya Yosef 

Appendix
B Deed of Undertaking 

This
Deed of Undertaking was executed on September 20, 2022 by Jacob Avinu, identity card no. 039058391, of Nativ HaShayara 75 , Israel
(hereinafter: the Employee ). 

Since
the Employee wishes to enter into an employment agreement with ScoutCam Ltd. (the Company and since the preservation
of the Confidential Information (as defined below), the Company s rights in Inventions (as defined below) and in all of the intellectual
property rights auxiliary to such, are essential to the Company, the Employee is executing this Undertaking as a condition of his employment
by the Company, and he undertakes to perform it verbatim. 

In
this Deed of Undertaking, all of the Employee s undertakings to the Company shall be made to any parent companies, subsidiaries,
sister companies and related companies to the Company, directly or indirectly, and the substitutes or transferees of such companies. 

Confidential
Information 

1. The
 Employee recognizes the fact that he has and that he will have access to information that
 is confidential in nature (whether marked as such or not), that is related to the Company,
 including with respect to its commercial secrets, professional knowledge, technology, products
 (including products under development), research and development, experiments, formulas and
 processes, inventions, business, assets, financial condition, contracts and undertakings,
 obligations, operations, marketing and sales promotion issues, plans (including business
 and financial plans), strategies, procedures, forecasts, customers, suppliers, business partners
 and third parties to whom the Company has undertaken to keep information confidential and
 information relating to its employees, consultants, office bearers, directors and shareholders
 (all hereinafter jointly: the Confidential Information ). The Confidential
 Information might be in any form whatsoever, including in writing, oral or on a magnetic
 or electronic medium. Confidential Information shall not include information that has come
 into the public domain as a result of a breach of this Deed of Undertaking by the Employee
 or information which the Employee is required to disclose pursuant to the legal demand of
 a competent authority, on condition that: (a) the Employee gives notice to the Company of
 such demand, immediately; (b) the Employee cooperates with the Company, if necessary, in
 order to reduce the scope of the demand; (c) the Employee does not disclose it beyond his
 duty to disclose in accordance with the aforesaid demand. 

2. During
 the term of his employment and at all times thereafter, without any limitation in time, the
 Employee shall strictly preserve the Confidential Information and shall ensure its confidentiality,
 and shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any person or entity and shall not
 use the Confidential Information other than for the Company s benefit. The Employee
 recognizes and understands that his work at the Company and his access to the Confidential
 Information give rise to a relationship of trust with respect to such Confidential Information. 

3. The
 Employee declares that he has been made aware that all of the rights in the Confidential
 Information are the exclusive property of the Company (or of the third party to which the
 Company has undertaken to keep the Information confidential). Without derogating from the
 generality of the aforesaid, the Employee agrees that all of the Confidential Information
 that was prepared, collected, processed, received, kept or was in his use with respect to
 his employment in the Company (the Material shall be the exclusive
 property of the Company and shall be deemed to be Confidential Information. Everything relating
 to the Material, including originals, copies and summaries, shall be transferred by the Employee
 to the Company upon termination of the term of his employment or at any time prior to such
 at the Company s demand, without the Employee keeping any copies of the above and without
 the Employee having a right of lien over them. The Employee shall not remove the Material
 from the Company, unless such is required by virtue of his job and for the purpose of his
 employment, and unless such is permitted in accordance with the Company s procedures.
 If the Material is removed from the Company s offices as set out above, the Director
 shall take all of the necessary measures in order to maintain absolute confidentiality of
 the Material and shall return such to its place immediately after such use. 

4. Unless
 there is a lawful permit or approval for such, the Employee shall not use nor disclose Confidential
 Information or commercial secrets belonging to any third parties including to previous employers,
 towards which the Employee has a duty of confidentiality or non-use (including any academic
 institution or any related entity). 

Unfair
Competition and Prohibited Solicitation 

5. 
 The
 Employee undertakes that during the course of his employment at the Company, he shall not contract, set up, open or be in any way
 involved, directly or indirectly, either as an employee, owner, partner, agent, shareholder, director, adviser or in any other many,
 any business, occupation, employment or any other activity that is in competition with the Company s business. 

The
 Employee undertakes that during the period of 12 months following termination of his employment at the Company for any reason whatsoever,
 he shall not contract, set up, open or be in any way involved, directly or indirectly, either as an employee, owner, partner, agent,
 shareholder, director, adviser or in any other many, any business, occupation, employment or any other activity that is in which
 might reasonably include or require use of the Confidential Information. The Employee hereby confirms that it is reasonable that
 any engagement, set-up, opening or involvement, directly or indirectly, whether as an employee, owner, partner, agent, shareholder,
 director, adviser or in any other capacity, of any business, profession, employment or any other activity that is in competition
 with the Company s business, as such was during the term of the Employee s employment, or with the Company s business
 as planned during the term of his employment, might require the use of all or part of the Confidential Information. 

The
Employee agrees that in light of his position at the Company and his exposure to the Confidential Information, the provisions of this
section 5 are reasonable and necessary for the purpose of lawfully protecting the Confidential Information, which constitutes a principal
asset of the Company and he undertakes to perform such as a condition of his employment by the Company. The Employee declares that he
has carefully read the provisions of this undertaking, that he understands the outcome of this undertaking and agrees to the provisions
hereof, and that he has assessed the advantages and disadvantages involved in entry into this undertaking for himself. 

The
Employee hereby declares that he is aware that part of his Salary contains additional consideration that is being provided for the Employee s
undertaking under this non-competition stipulation. Without derogating from the aforesaid, the Employee declares that he has the financial
capability to enter into this non-competition undertaking. 

6. The
 Employee undertakes that during the course of his employment at the Company and for a period
 of 12 months thereafter, he shall not solicit, persuade or try to persuade any employee of
 the Company to cease his employment at the Company or to reduce the scope of his employment
 at the Company, and that he shall not employ such an employee. Furthermore, the Employee
 shall not solicit, persuade, try to solicit or try to persuade, directly or indirectly, any
 consultant, service provider, agent, distributor, customer or supplier of the Company to
 terminate, reduce or alter their relationship with Company. All of the above shall apply
 both directly and indirectly. 

Title
to Inventions 

7. The
 Employee shall give notice and shall transfer to the Company or to whomever is appointed
 for such on its behalf with all inventions, improvements, enhancements, formulas, processes,
 techniques, professional knowledge and technological information, whether able to be registered
 as a patent, as copyright or any similar law or not, which come into being, are invented,
 made, developed or raised as an idea or implemented, or which may be deduced by the Employee
 alone or jointly with others, during the course of the Employee s employment at the
 Company (including after business hours, on weekends , or during vacations) (all of the aforesaid
 shall hereinafter be defined as: Inventions or the Invention ),
 immediately upon discovery, receipt, generation or invention thereof, as the case may be. 

8. The
 Employee agrees that any Inventions, as of the date of their invention or creation shall
 be the Inventions of the Company, shall be the exclusive property of the Company 0and its
 transferees, and the Company and its transferees shall be the exclusive owners of all of
 the property, rights and interests in the patents, copyright, commercial secrets and all
 of the other rights of any kind whatsoever, including moral rights with respect to the Inventions.
 The Employee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally assigns all of the rights set out below
 with respect to all of the Inventions to the Company: (1) all property, rights and interests
 in patents, patent applications and patent rights, extensions or expansions thereof; (2)
 rights related to a work, including copyright or applications for copyright, moral rights
 (as defined below) and proprietary rights in design; (3) rights related to the protection
 of commercial secrets and confidential information; (4) designs and the rights related thereto;
 (5) other proprietary rights related to intangible assets including trademarks, service marks
 and the implementation thereof, commercial names and packaging, and all of the goodwill related
 to them; (6) any property, rights and interests in any Invention; and (7) rights to sue for
 breach of any of the rights set out above and the right to revenues, royalties and other
 payments for the rights set out above. The Employee hereby waives all of the moral rights
 (as defined below) that it might have with respect to the Inventions, even after termination
 of his employment at the Company, and agrees never to sue with respect to such rights. Moral
 rights shall mean any right of an author to claim that his name be mentioned on
 his work, any right to object to any change in the work and any similar right that exists
 under any law in any country in the world, or under any treaty. 

9. The
 Employee has attached hereto as Appendix B1, a list of all of the Inventions, enhancements,
 improvements, formulas, processes, techniques, professional knowledge and technological information,
 whether able to be registered as a patent, as copyright or under any similar law, or not,
 and whether in fact implemented or not, original works and commercial secrets created or
 conceived or belonging to the Employee (whether generated by the Employee alone or jointly
 with others), which: (1) were developed by the Employee prior to his contract with the Company
 (hereinafter jointly: the Previous Inventions ); (2) are related to the
 existing or planned business, products or research and development of the Company; and (3)
 are not assigned in favor of the Company pursuant to this Agreement; or, if the aforesaid
 Appendix B1 is missing or not attached at all, the Employee hereby declares
 that no such Previous Inventions exist. 

10. The
 Employee undertakes that during the term of his employment at the Company and thereafter,
 he shall take all of the actions reasonably necessary or required by the Company and he shall
 assist the Company, at its expense, in any way that it may request, in order to register,
 preserve, protect and enforce the Inventions in all countries around the world. These actions
 shall include, inter alia, the execution of documents and assistance in legal proceedings.
 The Employee hereby irrevocably authorizes and appoints the Company or a person appointed
 on its behalf as attorney for the Employee to act in his stead and in his place, to sign
 any document, to submit it and to do any other action on behalf of the Employee which may
 be permitted under any law in order to enable the registration, preservation, protection
 and enforcement of the Inventions in all countries around the world. 

11. The
 Employee shall not be entitled with respect to the above to any monetary or other consideration
 apart from that set out expressly in his Employment Agreement or beyond the provisions of
 any other special agreement or arrangement in this regard made in writing and signed by the
 Company. Without derogating from the generality of the aforesaid, the Employee irrevocably
 confirms that the consideration paid to the Employee under the express conditions of this
 Employment Agreement shall be in lieu of any right that the Employee might have been entitled
 to receive by law for payment for the Inventions and the Employee hereby waives any right
 to receive royalties or any other payment for the Inventions, including under section 134
 of the Patents Law, 5727-1967. With respect to the above, no arrangement, contract or agreement
 made orally or in writing shall have any effect unless such is in writing and lawfully signed
 by the Company. 

General 

12. The
 Employee declares that in the performance of his undertakings under this Deed of Undertaking,
 and his function as an employee of the Company, he is not in breach of any undertaking regarding
 the assignment of inventions, non-competition, confidentiality or any similar undertaking
 towards, or right of, any previous employer (including any academic institution or any related
 entity). The Employee recognizes the fact that the Company has relied on this declaration
 in its decision to employ him at the Company. 

13. The
 Employee agrees that the provisions of this undertaking which constitute an integral part
 of the conditions of his employment, are reasonable and necessary for the purpose of protecting
 the legitimate interests of the Company with respect to the subject of this undertaking. 

14. The
 Employee recognizes that in the event of breach of any of the provisions of this Deed of
 Undertaking, the Company might suffer damages that cannot be remedied and therefore, in the
 event of a breach of this Deed of Undertaking, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction
 in order to enforce this Deed of Undertaking (without derogating from the other remedies
 to which the Company might be entitled in such a case, under any law). 

15. Should
 it be ruled by any competent judicial instance that any of the provisions of this Deed of
 Undertaking are not valid or enforceable, in any way whatsoever, such provision shall be
 enforced to the extent possible in accordance with the intention of the Company and the Employee.
 If such provision cannot be enforced in accordance with such intention, the provision shall
 be deemed to have been amended so that those parts of it which are held, as aforesaid, to
 be invalid or unenforceable, may be deleted therefrom, only in such country or region in
 which the decision that the provision is invalid or unenforceable as aforesaid has been handed
 down, in accordance with the local law. In addition, if it is held that a particular provision
 contained in this undertaking is too broad in terms of the time periods, geographical scope,
 actions or subject matter set out herein, it shall be interpreted such that the provision
 shall be limited and restricted with respect to such characteristic, so that the provision
 shall be enforceable to the greatest extent possible that is suitable to the applicable law
 as may be in force at such time. 

16. The
 provisions of this undertaking shall remain in full force even after termination of the employment
 between the Company and the Employee, for any reason whatsoever. This undertaking shall not
 in any way derogate from the undertakings and liabilities of the Employee under any law. 

17. The
 Employee hereby agrees that following termination of the employment between the Company and
 the Employee, the Company shall be entitled to give notice to the Employee s new employer
 of the Employee s rights and obligations pursuant to this Deed of Undertaking. 

18. This
 Deed of Undertaking constitutes the full agreement between the Company and the Employee with
 respect to the subject of this Deed of Undertaking. Any addition, amendment or waiver of
 any undertaking pursuant to this Deed of Undertaking shall only be valid if in writing and
 signed by the Company as well. The Company s waiver of the Employee s undertaking
 shall constitute a one-time waiver and shall not constitute a precedent or serve for the
 drawing of inferences to similar, different or other cases. 

19. This
 Deed of Undertaking and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be valid towards the substitutes,
 transferees and legal representatives of the Employee and the Company. The Company shall
 be entitled to assign all or part of its rights under this Deed of Undertaking. The Employee
 shall not convert, assign or otherwise transfer the duties imposed upon him under this Deed
 of Undertaking other than with the prior written consent of the Company. 

The
 Employee: /s/ Jacob Avinu 
 The
 Company: /s/ Yehu Ofer 

/s/
 Tanya Yosef 

Appendix
C 

General
Authorization (Consolidated Version) regarding Employer Payments into Pension Funds and Insurance Funds in lieu of Severance Pay 

Pursuant
to the Severance Pay Law, 5723-1963 

By
virtue of my authority pursuant to section 14 of the Severance Pay Law, 5723-1963, (hereinafter: the Law ), I authorize
that payments made by the Employer as of the date of publication of this Certificate, for the Employee, into a comprehensive pension
in an annuity fund which is not an insurance fund as defined in the Income Tax (Rules for Approval of and Management of Pension Funds)
Regulations, 5724-1964 (hereinafter: a Pension Fund ), or into an executive insurance policy which includes the ability
to pay an annuity or a combination of payments into an annuity plan and a plan which is not an annuity plan, into such insurance fund
(hereinafter: an Insurance Fund ), including payments made by combining payments into a Pension Fund and an Insurance Fund,
whether the Insurance Fund contains an annuity plan or not (hereinafter: Employer Payments shall stand in lieu of the
severance pay owing on the Salary out of which the aforesaid payments are made, and for the period paid (hereinafter: the Severance
Salary ), provided that all of the above exist: 

1. 
 Employer s payments 

(a) Into
 a Pension Fund shall be no less than 14 1 / 3 of the Severance Salary
 or 12 of the Severance Salary if the Employer also makes payments for the Employee, in addition
 to the above, for supplementation of severance pay into a severance pay pension fund or an
 Insurance Fund in the Employee s name in the rate of 2 1 / 3 of
 the Severance Salary. Where the Employer has not paid the aforesaid 2 1 / 3 
 in addition to the 12 , the Employer s payments shall stand in lieu of 72 of the Employee s
 severance pay only; 

(b) Into
 an Insurance Fund are no less than one of the following: 

(1) 13 1 / 3 
 of the Severance Salary, if the Employer pays for the Employee, in addition to the above,
 for monthly salary assurance in the event of loss of capacity to work, under a plan approved
 by the Commissioner for Capital Markets, Insurance and Savings at the Ministry of Finance,
 in the rate required to assure 75 of the Severance Salary at least, or in the rate 2 1 / 2 
 of the Severance Salary, whichever is the lesser (hereinafter: Payment for Insurance
 of Loss of Capacity to Work ); 

(2) 11 
 of the Severance Salary, if the Employer also makes payment for insurance for loss of capacity
 to work, in which case the Employer s payments shall be in lieu of 72 of the Employee s
 severance pay, only; should the Employer make payments to supplement severance pay in addition
 to the above into a Pension Fund or Insurance Fund for severance pay in the Employee s
 name, in the rate of 2 1 / 3 of the Severance Salary, the Employer s
 payments shall be in lieu of 100 of the Employee s severance pay. 

2. No
 more than 3 months after the commencement of the Employer s payments, a written agreement
 is entered into between the Employer and the Employee containing: 

A. The
 Employee s consent to an arrangement under this Authorization in a form setting out
 the Employer s payments to the Pension Fund or Insurance Fund, as the case may be;
 such agreement shall also contain the wording of this Authorization; 

B. A
 waiver by the Employer in advance of any right that it may have to restitution of the monies
 from its payments, unless the Employee s right to severance pay is repudiated in a
 judgment under sections 16 and 17 of the Law, and to the extent so repudiated, or that the
 Employee has withdrawn monies from the Pension Fund or the Insurance Fund not due to an entitling
 event; in this regard, entitling event death, disability or retirement
 at the age of 60 or more. 

C. This
 Authorization shall not derogate from an employee s right to severance pay under the
 Law, under a collective agreement, extension order or employment contract, in respect of
 salary above the exempt salary. 

(Eliyahu
Yishai) 

The
 Employee: /s/ Jacob Avinu 
 The
 Company: /s/ Yehu Ofer 

/s/
 Tanya Yosef 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Yehu Ofer, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of ScoutCam Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the year end covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the year end presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the year end in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year end covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 28, 2023 

/s/
Yehu Ofer 

Yehu
 Ofer 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Tanya Yosef, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of ScoutCam Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the year end covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the year end presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the year end in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year end covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 28, 2023 

/s/
Tanya Yosef 

Tanya
 Yosef 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of ScoutCam Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yehu Ofer, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 28, 2023 

/s/
Yehu Ofer 

Yehu
 Ofer 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of ScoutCam Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Tanya Yosef, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 28, 2023 

/s/
Tanya Yosef 

Tanya
 Yosef 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sctc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sctc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sctc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sctc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

