<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1716166_0001493152-23-009765.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8257933</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>567735</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1341255</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3106914</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1336757</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1692267</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009765.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009765
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vivos Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001716166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				813224056
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39796
		FILM NUMBER:		23780891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7921 SOUTHPARK PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866)908-4867

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7921 SOUTHPARK PLAZA,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vivos BioTechnologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009765.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

Annual
 report pursuant to section 13 or 15( d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the Fiscal Year Ended , 

Transition
 report pursuant to section 13 or 15( d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the Transition Period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company , or emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES X 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock
held by non-affiliates, was approximately million based on the last reported sales price of 1.29 as quoted on the Nasdaq Capital
Market on such date. 

The
registrant had shares of its common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 28, 2022. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 -ii- 

Summary of Material Risks Associated with our Business 
 -iii- 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 -1- 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 -26- 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 -57- 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 -57- 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 -57- 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 -59- 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 -59- 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 -62- 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 -62- 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 -75- 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 -76- 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 -105- 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 - 105- 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 -105- 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 - 105- 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 -106- 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 - 113- 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 -120 - 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 - 122- 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 -125 - 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 - 125- 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 -126 - 

Signatures 
 - 127- 

- i - 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that reflect our current expectations and views of future events. The
forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Readers are cautioned that known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, including those over which we may have no control and others listed in the Risk Factors 
section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from
those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

You
can identify some of these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as may, hope, will, expect, anticipate, aim, estimate, 
 intend, plan, believe, is/are likely to, potential, continue 
or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to: 

our
 ability to continue to refine and execute our business plan, including the recruitment of dentists to enroll in our Vivos Integrated
 Practice VIP program and utilize The Vivos Method; 

the
 understanding and adoption by dentists and other healthcare professionals of The Vivos Method as a treatment for dentofacial abnormalities
 and/or mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea OSA and snoring in adults; 

our
 expectations concerning the effectiveness of treatment using The Vivos Method and patient relapse after completion of treatment; 

the
 potential financial benefits to VIP dentists from treating patients with The Vivos Method; 

our
 potential profit margin from the enrollment of VIPs, VIP service fees, sales of The Vivos Method treatments and appliances and leases
 of SleepImage home sleep testing rings; 

our
 ability to properly train VIPs in the use of The Vivos Method inclusive of the services we offer independent dentist for use in treating
 their patients in their dental practices; 

- ii - 

our
 ability to formulate, implement and modify as necessary effective sales, marketing and strategic initiatives to drive revenue growth
 (including, for example, our Medical Integration Division and SleepImage home sleep apnea test); 

our ability to identify, acquire and integrate complimentary businesses, assets and/or technologies into our product offerings and overall
business model; 

the
 viability of our current intellectual property and intellectual property created in the future; 

acceptance
 by the marketplace of the products and services that we market; 

government regulations and our ability to obtain applicable regulatory approvals and comply with government regulations including under
healthcare laws and the rules and regulations of the U.S Food and Drug Administration FDA and non-U.S. equivalent
regulatory bodies; 

our
 ability to retain key employees; 

adverse
 changes in general market conditions for medical devices and the products and services we offer; 

our
 ability to generate cash flow and profitability and continue as a going concern; 

our
 future financing plans; and 

our ability to adapt to changes in market conditions (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, rising inflation and volatile capital
markets) which could impair our operations and financial performance. 

These
forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that our expectations expressed in these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, our expectations may later be found to be incorrect. Our actual results of operations or the results of other
matters that we anticipate herein could be materially different from our expectations. Important risks and factors that could cause our
actual results to be materially different from our expectations are generally set forth in Risk Factors, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business and other sections in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. You should thoroughly read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we refer to with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from and worse than what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking
statements by these cautionary statements. 

The
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements
are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we refer to in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, completely and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. 

SUMMARY
OF MATERIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS 

The
following is a summary of certain risks, uncertainties and other factors related to our company. These do not represent all of the risks
we face. You should carefully consider all of the risk factors presented in Item 1A. Risk Factors (some of which are not
summarized below) and all other information contained in this Report, including the financial statements which are a part of this Report,
in order to a more complete picture of the risk factors we face. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

Our
 business has a limited operating history, and we continue to refine our business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate our
 past performance and future prospects. Moreover, we have recently made significant strategic, operational and staffing changes to
 our business, and it is impossible to know how or if such changes will affect future revenue and earnings. 

- iii - 

We
 have a history of operating losses and may never achieve cash flow positive or profitable results of operations. 

Our
 VIP program is a relatively new business model for us, and management has limited experience operating this model. 

We
 will need to raise additional capital to fund and grow our business. Such funding, even if obtained, could result in substantial
 dilution or significant debt service obligations. We may not be able to obtain additional capital on commercially reasonable terms
 in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our liquidity, financial position, and ability to continue operations. 

We
 have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

A
 material portion of our future revenue is expected to derive from sales and enrollments of new dentists into our VIP program, including dentists who are part of a Dental Service Organization DSO which leaves us reliant on the willingness
 of dentists and/or DSO groups to continue to enroll. 

We
 will not be successful if The Vivos Method is not sufficiently adopted by the medical and dental communities, including independent
 practitioners and dental service organizations. 

We
 may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategies for our VIPs, which could harm our business, financial condition
 and results of operations. 

The
 long-term success of our VIP program is highly dependent on our ability to successfully identify, recruit and enroll target dental
 practices as well as to convince other medical professionals to participate in the treatment of OSA with our products and services. 

Our
 future operating results are difficult to predict and may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, which may adversely affect
 the price of our common stock. 

The
 SleepImage home sleep test used in our VivoScore Program is a relatively new technology which may not be utilized
 by VIPs to the degree anticipated. 

Further
 clinical studies of our products comprising The Vivos Method may adversely impact our ability to generate revenue if they do not
 demonstrate that The Vivos Method is effective. 

Our
 business and results of operations may be impacted by the extent to which patients using The Vivos Method achieve adequate levels
 of third-party insurance reimbursement. 

Our
 products and third-party contract manufacturing activities are subject to extensive governmental regulation that could prevent us
 from selling Vivos appliances or introducing new and/or improved products in the United States or internationally. 

We
 face significant competition in the market for treating sleep related breathing disorders, and we may be unable to manage or respond
 to competitive pressures. 

We
 may not be able to protect our patents and proprietary technology and may become subject to intellectual property claims or litigation. 

We
 face the risk of product liability claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and harm our reputation and
 business. 

If
 we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health
 information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties. 

- iv - 

The
 misuse or off-label use of The Vivos Method could result in injuries that lead to product liability suits or result in costly investigations,
 fines, or sanctions by regulatory bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in the promotion of these uses, any of which could be costly
 to our business. 

We have undertaken and plan to continue to explore acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies, which could divert the attention
of management, and which may not be integrated successfully into our existing business. 

Risks
Related to Our Products and Regulation 

Our
 failure to obtain government approvals, or to comply with ongoing, and ever increasing, governmental regulations relating to our
 technologies and products, could delay or limit introduction of our products and result in failure to achieve revenue or maintain
 our ongoing business. 

We
 cannot assure that we will be able to complete any required clinical trial programs successfully within any specific time, and if
 such clinical trials take longer to complete than we project, our ability to execute our current business strategy will be adversely
 affected. 

Modifications
 to The Vivos Method may require additional FDA approvals which, if not obtained, could force us to cease marketing and/or recall
 the modified device until we obtain new approvals. 

We
 are subject to inspection and market surveillance by the FDA to determine compliance with regulatory requirements. 

Treatment
 with The Vivos Method has only been available for a relatively limited time, and we do not know whether there will be significant
 post-treatment regression or relapse. 

Our
 Medical Integration Division business line may implicate federal and state laws involving the practice of medicine and related anti-kickback
 and similar laws. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities Generally 

The
 market for our common stock is relatively new and may not develop to provide investors with adequate liquidity. 

The
 market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, which creates the risk of substantial losses for investors. 

Our
 failure to meet the continuing listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a de-listing of our securities. 

Our
 officers and directors may have the ability to exert significant influence over our affairs, including the outcome of matters requiring
 stockholder approval. 

The
 terms of our January 2023 private placement could hamper our fundraising efforts. 

- v - 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are a revenue stage medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of a suite of innovative diagnostic
and multi-disciplinary treatment modalities for patients with cranial and/or dentofacial abnormalities and the wide array of medical
conditions that may result from them, including mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea (known as OSA) and snoring in adults. We
believe our proprietary diagnostic tools, oral appliances, myofunctional therapy, clinical treatments, continuing education, and
practice solutions represent a powerful and highly effective set of resources for healthcare providers of all disciplines who treat
patients suffering from debilitating and even life-threatening breathing related sleep disorders and their comorbidities. 

Our
primary focus has been on expanding awareness of, and providing treatment options for OSA for, the dentistry market, which we believe
represents a large and relatively untapped market for OSA treatment. As our business has evolved, we have expanded our treatment and
marketing programs to encompass a more multidisciplinary approach as we have learned even more about how OSA and its comorbidities are
diagnosed and treated. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we sometimes refer to dentists and other medical professionals who treat OSA
as providers (including our own Vivos-trained dentists). 

Studies
have shown our comprehensive and multidisciplinary approach represents a significant improvement in the treatment of mild to moderate
OSA in comparison to or when combined with other largely palliative treatments such as continuous positive airway pressure (or CPAP).
We call our solution The Vivos Method . 

Our
Products and Services 

Currently,
The Vivos Method comprises the following products and services: 

Vivos
 Complete Airway Repositioning and/or Expansion (CARE) oral appliance therapy including our: 

Daytime
 Nighttime Appliance (or DNA appliance was granted 510(k) clearance from the U.S. Food Drug Administration
 (or FDA) as a Class II medical device in December 2022 for the treatment of snoring and mild to moderate OSA in adults. It is the
 only oral appliance ever to receive FDA clearance to treat OSA without mandibular advancement as its primary mechanism of action. 

Mandibular
 Repositioning Nighttime Appliance (or mRNA appliance has 510(k) clearance from the FDA as a Class II medical
 device for the treatment of snoring and mild to moderate OSA in adults. 

Modified
 Mandibular Repositioning Nighttime Appliance (or mmRNA appliance), for which we were granted FDA Class II market clearance
 in August 2021 for treating mild to moderate OSA, jaw reposition and snoring in adults. 

Vivos
 Guides are pre-formed, flexible, BPA-free, base polymer, monoblock intraoral guide and rescue appliances. The Guides are
 a Class I FDA-registered product for orthodontic tooth positioning typically used by dentists in children to address malocclusions
 and promote proper guided growth and development of the mouth and jaws. 

Vivos
 Versa is an FDA 510k cleared Class II device for treating mild to moderate OSA. It is a comfortable, easy-to-wear, medical
 grade nylon, 3D printed oral appliance featuring mandibular advancement as its mechanism of action. It is priced to be very cost
 effective and offers Vivos providers and patients a comfortable and effective product at a much lower price point for treatment.
 As with all other non-CARE oral appliances, the Vivos Versa must be worn nightly for life in order to remain clinically effective.
 We believe many Vivos Versa patients will eventually migrate up to our proprietary Vivos CARE products. 

POD and Night Block 
 are devices we acquired in February 2023 and are described further below. We believe these products have significant potential, and
 we are currently working to integrate them into our overall offering. 

Vivos
 MyoCorrect oral myofunctional therapy (OMT) services. Studies have shown OMT to be a clinically valuable adjunctive treatment
 for patients with breathing related sleep disorders. When combined with Vivos CARE products and treatments, OMT can deliver
 an enhanced effect in many patients using our appliances. MyoCorrect treatment services are cost-effective for providers and convenient
 for patients. MyoCorrect is billable to medical insurance in most cases and constitutes an additional profit center for both Vivos
 and providers. 

VivoScore
 (from SleepImage ), Rhinomanometry (from GM Instruments), Cone Beam Computerized Tomography or CBCT (from multiple
 vendors), Joint Vibration Analysis (from BioResearch) and other key diagnostic technologies play an essential role as part
 of The Vivos Method in patient assessment, proper clinical diagnosis, treatment planning, progress measurement, and optimal outcome
 facilitation. We believe the combination and integration of such diagnostic tools and equipment as particularly taught to and practiced
 by Vivos-trained providers constitutes a key trade secret of our company. 

- 1 - 

Vivos
 AireO 2 is an Electronic Health Record (EHR) software program specifically designed for use as a full practice
 management software program in a medical or dental practice environment where treating breathing related sleep disorders is performed.
 The program is very well suited to handle both medical and dental billing and is integral in our Treatment Navigator program. 

Treatment
 Navigator is our most recent program to assist a clinician s patients who may have a breathing related sleep disorder
 to get screened, diagnosed by a board-certified sleep specialist, obtain insurance verification of benefits and preauthorization
 (where required), have their questions answered, and receive assistance with scheduling, financing, medical billing or any other
 concerns regarding treatment options best suited to their individual situation. Dentists typically pay set fees to us for this service. 

Vivos
 Billing Intelligence Service (BIS) is our medical and dental billing service. It is both a subscription and fee for service
 program for healthcare practitioners who wish to optimize their insurance reimbursement by leveraging both medical and dental benefits.
 We are unaware of any other software platform or service on the market that offers the same set of features or capabilities. 

Vivos
 Airway Intelligence Service (AIS) is our technical support and advisory service that supports clinicians in their patient
 data analysis, case selection, treatment planning and treatment implementation. AIS reports and services are priced into the cost
 of appliances to providers. 

The
 Vivos Institute (TVI) is widely regarded as one of the top educational and learning centers for dentofacial related breathing
 and sleep disorders in North America. Opened in 2021, TVI is housed in a state-of-the-art 18,000 square foot facility near the Denver
 International Airport where doctors from around the world come to receive instruction and advanced clinical training in a wide range
 of topics delivered by leading national and international medical sleep specialists, cardiologists, pediatric sleep specialists,
 dentists, orthodontists, specially trained chiropractors, nutritionists, key industry business leaders, and university-based clinical
 researchers. 

These
products are used in a collaborative multidisciplinary treatment model comprised of dentists, general practice physicians, sleep specialist
physicians, myofunctional therapists, nutritionists, chiropractors, physical therapists, and healthcare professionals. Our subscription-based
program to train dentists and offer them other value-added services is called the Vivos Integrated Practice (VIP) program. 

During
2022, we continued to expand and grow our screening and home sleep test HST program (which we call our VivoScore
Program featuring SleepImage technology, a 510(k) cleared ring-based recorder and diagnostic platform
for home sleep apnea testing. We market and distribute our SleepImage HST in the U.S. and Canada pursuant to a licensing
agreement with MyCardio LLC. During 2022, Vivos providers performed nearly 60,000 VivoScore home sleep tests, up 99 over 2021. Due to
the volume of business that we have generated with MyCardio LLC, we now receive pricing and terms for SleepImage products
and services that are well below their published retail prices. We believe the rapid growth of our VivoScore program confirms our belief
that the SleepImage HST offers significant commercial advantages and ease of use over existing home sleep
apnea products and technologies in the market and allows healthcare providers to screen, diagnose and initiate treatment for OSA in their
patients more efficiently. 

We
have not yet seen a corresponding increase in patient enrollment in The Vivos Method treatment, however, and based on feedback from our
Vivos-trained providers, we believe this to be a function of staffing turnover and labor shortages that continue to adversely impact the dental
workplace. Throughout 2022, we continued to address this by conducting additional regional dental team training sessions on integrating
Vivos products and treatments. In addition, we drastically reduced the number of Practice Advisors who had previously been dispatched
as boots on the ground to help facilitate case starts and provide Vivos-trained providers with support, and we replaced
them with a new service called Treatment Navigator which we piloted and rolled out in the late summer and fall of 2022. 

Treatment
Navigators work effectively as extensions of the dental office, working directly with perspective patients to provide them information
on The Vivos Method, aiding in education, screening, insurance verification of benefits and preauthorization, coordination among various
professional practitioners, recordkeeping, problem solving, as well as, delivering a home sleep test and following up with scheduling
an appointment with a VIP in their area. Dental offices who wish to avail themselves of this service pay Vivos enrollment fees and per
case fees for the service, thus adding an important new revenue line and profit center to the business. As of December 31, 2022, there
are approximately 70 Vivos-trained (VIP) dental offices who are at some stage of onboarding with our Treatment Navigator program. Based
on early feedback, we expect the Treatment Navigator program to continue to grow into a material and important revenue stream as we move
forward. 

In
June 2022, we announced an exclusive distribution agreement with GM Instruments, Ltd. for the distribution of GM Instruments NR6
Rhinomanometer, the only FDA approved 4-phase rhinomanometer available in the U.S. used to calculate nasal airway resistance by measuring
nasal flow and the pressure producing that flow. Under this agreement, we became the exclusive U.S. and Canadian distributor of this
specialized diagnostic equipment for evaluating nasal breathing and function in dental patients with sleep and breathing issues. The
objective measurement of nasal breathing can be an essential data point in determining the appropriate breathing and sleep issue treatment
pathway as well as a predictor of potential CPAP intolerance or other treatment failure. B ased
in the United Kingdom, GM Instruments is a global manufacturer and distributor of diagnostic technology for assessing nasal and respiratory
flow and function. The NR6 Rhinomanometer offers a quick non-invasive test to measure the function of the nose during active breathing.
These test results are being used by Vivos-trained dentists and others to measure outcomes of improvement for pre- mid- and post-treatment
of patients undergoing a variety of treatment modalities. Additionally, GM Instruments products are planned for use as part of research
protocols to improve and support the outcomes of Vivos products and methods for OSA diagnosis and treatment. 

In
addition, on February 28, 2023, we acquired certain U.S. and international patents, product rights, and other miscellaneous intellectual
property from Advanced Facialdontics, LLC AFD ), a company holding propriety technology on certain FDA 510(k) cleared
dental and medical devices. With this asset purchase transaction, we acquired U.S. patents, provisional patent applications as well as
International patents, PCT patents and patent applications, thus expanding its product portfolio and revenue potential. 

AFD s
flagship product, the Preventive Oral Device , known as the POD , is a custom single
arch device with an FDA 510(k) clearance for treating an estimated 40 million patients in the U.S. and Canada with Temporomandibular
Joint Dysfunction (TMD) and/or Bruxism (teeth grinding or clenching), both known to be closely associated with OSA. Studies have shown
that there is a clear connection between OSA and TMD. 

AFD s
second FDA 510(k) cleared product, known as the Night Block , is a custom dual-arch mandibular advancement oral appliance
that incorporates patented unilateral bite block technology, which may alleviate or eliminate many of the downsides that may be a result
of traditional oral appliance treatment such as inflammation of the TMJ, facial pain, neck pain, headaches, tension, fatigue, clenching,
and grinding. 

The
acquisition of these novel technologies, patent portfolio and product rights further enhance our existing intellectual property and
technology base, enabling us to provide new, complementary products to many OSA patients who experience pain, discomfort, headaches,
tooth loss, and other symptoms that could be associated with TMD and Bruxism. In addition, this acquisition will provide our
providers with an additional treatment option for patients who do not have OSA, but suffer from jaw pain, headaches, and daytime
fatigue oftentimes associated with TMD and Bruxism. We expect to be able to manufacture the AFD products through our existing manufacturing relationships. 

- 2 - 

Background
on OSA 

OSA
is a serious and chronic disease that negatively impacts a patient s sleep, health, and quality of life. According to a 2019 article
published in Chest Physician, it is estimated that OSA afflicts 54 million adults in the U.S. alone. According to a 2016 report
by Frost Sullivan, OSA has an annual societal cost of over 149.6 billion. According to the study Global Prevalence of
Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) conducted by an international panel of leading researchers, nearly 1 billion people worldwide
have sleep apnea, and as many as 80 remain undiagnosed. Research has shown that when left untreated, OSA can increase the risk of comorbidities,
such as high blood pressure, heart failure, stroke, diabetes, dementia, chronic pain and other debilitating, life-threatening diseases. 

Unfortunately
for OSA patients, the medical profession has not been able to provide them with solutions that are both effective and desirable. CPAP
is the Gold Standard treatment for over 90 of OSA patients, but patients often resist having to wear those devices to
bed every night for life, and long-term compliance is reported to be around 50 . Traditional oral appliances can be effective over limited
time frames, but often create other problems with temporomandibular joint (or TMJ) dysfunction, open bites, infections, and more. As
with CPAP, they too must be worn every night for life to be effective. More radical and invasive options such as neuro-stimulation devices,
or maxillomandibular advancement surgery are likewise viewed more as treatments of last resort. When The Vivos Method is presented as
a viable treatment option against the alternatives discussed above, we believe it will be the preferred choice of most patients. 

We
believe our proprietary products comprising the Vivos CARE oral appliances represent the first non-surgical, non-invasive and cost-effective
treatment for adults with dentofacial abnormalities and/or patients diagnosed with mild to moderate OSA and snoring. Combining technologies
that typically expand the upper airway by altering the size, shape and position of its defining tissues, Vivos CARE represents a completely
new treatment modality in the treatment of dentofacial abnormalities that often lead to OSA and many other health conditions. 

A
recently published peer reviewed study in a high impact medical journal Sleep Medicine showed that use of our CARE appliances
under the guidance of trained Vivos dentists with access to the complete Vivos Method led to significantly lower Apnea Hypopnea Index
scores, significant decreases in OSA severity categories, and significantly increased airway volumes, as measured with no appliance in
the mouth. These results come from a set of 220 treated patients. A second database review looking at a set of 786 patients undergoing
CARE treatment by providers with access to the Vivos Method was presented at the American Academy of Sleep Medicine s annual scientific
meeting in 2022 with results largely consistent with this published set. A peer reviewed paper on this set is currently in editorial
review and anticipated soon. These two data sets furthermore are generally consistent with data seen in multiple smaller case series
published over the preceding decade. 

The
Vivos Method is estimated to be indicated and potentially effective (within the scope of the FDA cleared uses) in approximately 80 of
cases of OSA where patients are compliant with clinical treatments. Our patented oral appliances have been utilized in over 33,000 patients
treated worldwide by more than 1,700 trained dentists. 

Our
Target Customers 

The
House of Delegates of the American Dental Association in 2017 adopted a policy statement describing the important role dentists can play
in helping identify patients at greater risk of sleep related breathing disorders. By virtue of the close connection and relationship
between the oral cavity and airway form and function, properly trained dentists can play a pivotal and even leading role in the treatment
of dentofacial abnormalities which are known to impact breathing and sleep, which in turn can lead to serious health conditions. The
VIP program provides dentists with compelling clinical reasons coupled with strong economic incentives to provide their breathing and
sleep disordered patients the best care possible. 

- 3 - 

We
have recently expanded our mission and product line positioning to extend the reach and scope of The Vivos Method beyond the dental profession
and to allow for greater collaboration and mutual referrals from other healthcare practitioners, including primary care physicians, medical
specialists, chiropractors, nutritionists, physical therapists, and others who see and treat patients with breathing and sleep disorders.
We believe this extension of our approach will broaden the knowledge among various professions as to what our technology and products
can do for their patients, ultimately leading more patients into treatment with Vivos products and services. We also incorporate courses
and curricula at The Vivos Institute into our Vivos Method training that provides information, tools, techniques, and systems that enable
other healthcare professionals to engage directly with dentists and actively contribute to the best possible clinical outcome for patients. 

Our
Mission 

Our
mission is to rid the world of sleep apnea by being a leading technology platform and go-to resource for the latest and most effective
treatment modalities, products, and clinical education available to healthcare providers of all specialties who treat patients suffering
from breathing related sleep disorders and their comorbidities. We fully recognize that breathing related sleep disorders, including
OSA, are often complex conditions with multiple contributing factors that require more than a single solution. To that end, we have broadened
our product and services lines that comprise The Vivos Method to go beyond the proprietary technologies featured in our CARE oral appliances,
and now offer providers far greater optionality in selecting a diagnostic or treatment solution that is best for their patients. This
approach recognizes that there is no one size fits all solution for patients, and that both providers and patients are
best served by offering a variety of solutions at various price points that can meet the needs of a larger segment of the population. 

We
believe this evolution of our mission (which was originally focused almost exclusively on the dental community) will appeal to a much
broader array of healthcare professionals, including chiropractors, nutritionists, primary care physicians, cardiologists, physical therapists,
dentists and others, all of whom have a strong vested interest in the overall health and wellbeing of their patients, and each of whom
has something meaningful to contribute when properly educated and trained. In addition, we see tremendous opportunity with Durable Medical
Equipment (DME) companies, who also have relationships with OSA patients. As word spreads among a broader array of professionals, equipment
suppliers and their patients, we expect more people to come to know and understand the compelling advantages of The Vivos Method. We
believe this will allow us to scale our business and grow our company more rapidly. 

Our
Market Opportunity 

According
to a March 2021 Sleep Apnea Devices Market Size Share Report, the global sleep apnea devices market size was valued at 3.7 billion
in 2020 and is expected to expand at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.2 from 2021 to 2028. According to an American Sleep Association
study published in 2020, an estimated 50 million to 70 million people in the U.S. are suffering from some form of sleep disorders. Moreover,
according to Canadian Respiratory Journal in 2014, around 5.4 million adults in Canada were diagnosed with sleep apnea or were at higher
risk of developing OSA. According to a study conducted by ResMed in 2018, around 175 million people in Europe were suffering from sleep
apnea. We therefore believe that effective diagnostic and treatment strategies are needed to minimize the negative health impacts of
OSA and to maximize cost-effectiveness. 

Based
on our direct experience with our Vivos-trained providers performing nearly 60,000 VivoScore HSTs during 2022, we strongly believe the
published estimates from available public information, which range from 12 to 20 of the population, seriously underestimate the extent
of the condition and scope of the problem in the United States and Canada. Our VivoScore testing routinely results in approximately 50 
of patients testing positive OSA, a number consistent with a recent study published in the Journal of the American Heart Association
on a sample consisting of ~2000 middle-aged to older adults from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, where 47 had
moderate-to-severe sleep apnea (OSA). We therefore believe our prior estimate that approximately 15 of the adult population in the United
States and Canada suffers from OSA to be extremely conservative. Based on the estimated total adult population of 284 million in the
United States and Canada, we believe the total addressable United States and Canadian market could be as high as 80 million adults. To
be conservative and based on available data and our internal market analysis, we estimate that over 80 of individuals diagnosed with
OSA in the North American addressable market may be candidates for The Vivos Method, leaving us with a total addressable consumer market
of approximately 64 million adults. 

- 4 - 

We
currently charge clinicians an average sales price of approximately 1,500 per adult case for The Vivos Method. There are approximately
200,000 general dentists and dental specialists in the United States and another 30,000 in Canada who could potentially offer the Vivos
Method to their patients. Add to that the nearly 80,000 licensed chiropractors and over 1.1 million medical doctors across all specialties
who routinely see and treat patients with OSA. Each of them see and treat patients with OSA for many related conditions on a regular
basis even though the vast majority remain undiagnosed with respect to their OSA. As we raise awareness, and now that new technologies
such as SleepImage have driven the cost of diagnosis down dramatically, more providers will be able to integrate evaluations
of breathing and sleep into their basic clinical treatments, and more patients will get diagnosed and seek treatment. Therefore, based
on the addressable U.S. and Canadian consumer market described above and average sales price, we believe the addressable consumer market
for adults in the United States and Canada is approximately 96 billion. 

Our
Treatment Alternative for OSA - The Vivos Method 

The
Vivos Method is a non-invasive, non-surgical, non-pharmaceutical, multi-disciplinary treatment modality for the treatment of
dentofacial abnormalities in adults and children and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults. Proprietary and virtually painless, The
Vivos Method has been shown to typically expand the upper airway and offers patients what we believe to be an effective treatment
alternative based on published peer-reviewed retrospective clinical data. Based on feedback from independent VIPs and their
patients, we believe initial therapeutic benefits from using the treatment guidance s and devices are often achieved
relatively quickly (in days or weeks) and final clinical results are typically achieved in 12 to 18 months), all at a relatively low
cost to consumers ranging between 7,000 and 10,000 for adults (costs vary by provider) when compared to other options such as
lifetime CPAP or surgery. With our recently announced product line expansion, Vivos now has less expensive treatment options
available for patients down to around 3,500. These lower cost options include mandibular advancement devices (MAD) that are not
considered a permanent solution, but may offer certain patients an affordable interim solution until they can upgrade to our CARE
devices. 

The
Vivos Method s CARE devices alter the size, shape and position of the tissues that surround and define the functional space known
as the upper airway. Our treatment also improves nasal breathing, reduces mouth breathing, reduces Apnea Hypopnea Index (AHI) scores,
and generally facilitates better breathing and sleep. These statements are based on retrospective raw data with validated before and
after sleep studies, rhinomanometry testing before and after treatment, Cone Beam Computerized Tomography (CBCT) scans from treating
clinicians and patient testimony. As The Vivos Method CARE treatment process progresses, the airway typically expands, with many patients
reporting a significant reduction of their mild to moderate OSA and snoring symptoms. The primary products used in The Vivos Method CARE
treatment are the DNA appliance , the mRNA appliance , and the mmRNA appliance , each of
which is a specifically designed, customized oral appliance that is worn primarily in the evening hours and overnight. The treatment
time may range from 10 to 24 months, with 12 to 18 months being typical. Our appliances may require periodic adjustments some of which
can be performed by the patient and others that are typically rendered at the dental office where treatment was initiated. Through the
course of treatment with The Vivos Method CARE devices, patients have reported a variety of outcomes, including: 

Reduction
 of snoring; 

Reduction
 in AHI level and/or other measures of OSA; 

Relief
 of OSA symptoms; 

Restoration
 and improvement of normal (nasal) breathing; 

Improvement
 in overall sleep quality; 

Reduction
 in the need for other lifetime treatment options such as CPAP; 

- 5 - 

Restoration
 and maintenance of proper facial symmetry and alignment; 

Dentofacial
 and orthodontic improvement and/or correction; 

Resolution
 of TMJ pain, clicking, and locking; 

Facial aesthetic improvement, including a broader smile and reduced gummy smile and 

Improved
 posture with better balance and facial symmetry. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
goal is to be the global leader in providing a clinically effective non-surgical, non-invasive, non-pharmaceutical, and low-cost alternative
for patients with dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults. We believe the following strategies will
play a critical role in achieve this goal and in establishing more predictable and growing revenue leading, ultimately, to cash flow
positive and profitable operations: 

Expand
 public awareness of the life-threatening and debilitating nature of OSA and its prevalence throughout the world, while letting the
 world know of our proprietary and highly effective treatment as an alternative to CPAP. We plan to continue to create public
 demand for Vivos treatments to drive adoption by healthcare providers and coverage by insurance payers. We also plan to continue
 building consumer awareness through our direct-to-patient marketing initiatives which we anticipate will include celebrity endorsements,
 paid search, radio, television, social media, influencers, company sponsored events, corporate wellness programs, and online video. 

Drive
 more qualified new patients to our VIP practices. Leveraging social media and online assets, non-dental professional referral
 sources such as MD s, chiropractors, physical therapists, and others, as well as DME companies, Vivos is driving more case
 starts and recurring revenue volume throughout our VIP network. We also believe that by making our Vivos-trained providers more productive
 and profitable, more new dentists will be encouraged to enroll and get trained. 

Achieve
 full payment by in network major insurance carriers for The Vivos Method treatment. We are working to broaden and extend
 the insurance coverage available to patients for The Vivos Method beyond what it is today. Most insurance payers will reimburse at
 about 50 of the cost of treatment. We need to drive that percentage up so patients do not have to pay as much out of pocket.
 To this end, in December 2022, we announced a collaboration with Nexus Dental Systems Nexus ), which effectively combines our
 proprietary out-of-network Billing Intelligence Service with the Nexus in-network medical billing platform. The goal is to
 provide both companies medical professional networks with greater access to both in or out-of-network billing with all major
 medical insurance companies, facilitating case acceptances, insurance billing procedures and reimbursement. 

Make
 it easy for both patients and professionals to interact and do business with Vivos. We are simplifying our training, our
 software, and our products in order to make working with us smooth and easy and a great customer experience. 

Continue
 to drive medical and dental community awareness of The Vivos Method and build bridges between medical doctors and dentists through
 DSO marketing and our Medical Integration Division. In late 2021, we began to market The Vivos Method to the large and rapidly
 growing segment of private equity and corporate sponsored dental groups known as dental service organizations (known as DSOs). With
 an estimated 2,600 DSO groups in the U.S. and Canada covering total office locations in excess of 40,000, we believe makes the integration
 of sleep medicine as part of the DSO offering an ideal fit for Vivos to help drive awareness of OSA, new VIP subscriptions and sales
 of our products and services. Our MID and our collaborations with Pneusomnia sleep centers, which are owned jointly by both doctors
 and dentists and managed by Vivos, are also a part of our marketing strategy. We are also continuing to promote awareness of the
 value proposition of The Vivos Method through training and educating dentists, physicians, and other healthcare providers, including
 at our TVI in Denver, Colorado. 

- 6 - 

Invest
 in research and development to drive innovation and expand indications. We are committed to ongoing research and development,
 and we intend to invest in our business to further improve our products and validate our value proposition. 

Pursue
 strategically adjacent markets and international opportunities. We believe there is a significant opportunity for our products
 outside the United States. We have begun an initial assessment of the development and commercialization of The Vivos Method for markets
 outside of North America, and we plan to conduct further strategic evaluation of such markets as we expand our market penetration
 throughout the United States, Canada, the Middle East, Australia, and most recently India. 

Our
Revenue Model 

Our
revenue is currently derived from the following primary sources: 

VIP
 office training and enrollment fees . These fees are comprised of one-time, up-front fees, as well as optional renewal fees
 after 12 months. 

Recurring
 Vivos appliance sales . Once we train the VIP on how dentists can help treat OSA, the goal is to have them initiate new
 case starts with patients, which leads to sales of our appliances and guides. 

Recurring
 VIP subscription fees. These are recurring fees that a portion of our VIPs pay us to receive additional value-added services
 and training. 

SleepImage 
 HST revenue . In 2022, we modified our agreement with MyCardio LLC relating to our SleepImage HST for
 sleep apnea, which creates the potential for revenue from our leasing of SleepImage HST ring recorders to our VIPs
 as part of the VivoScore Program. 

The
 Vivos Institute (TVI). Our TVI provides product-specific training for the use of our products and services. Revenue from
 such courses is not material at the present time, but our expectation is that increased training awareness of OSA and the promotion
 of our products and services will be enhanced by our TVI. 

The
 Airway Intelligence Service (AIS). This service provides a complete resource for VIPs to help simplify the diagnostic and
 appliance design matrix and expedite the treatment planning process. AIS is provided as part of the price of each appliance and is
 not a separate revenue stream. 

Billing
 Intelligence Services (BIS). This complete third-party billing solution includes a comprehensive integrated revenue cycle
 management software system that allows dentists to focus on running their practice and delivering the best care for their patients.
 This medical billing service generates recurring subscription fees from participating VIPs and independent dentists in the United
 States. 

AireO2
 Patient Management Software . This management software enables healthcare professionals to diagnose, treat and monitor patients
 with OSA and its related conditions more effectively. Developed in collaboration with Lyon Dental, AireO2 contains features that
 enhance a VIP s billing services and practice management systems. AireO2 is a complement to our BIS software system. 

- 7 - 

Medical
 Integration Division (MID). In late 2020, we launched our MID to assist VIP practices to establish clinical collaboration
 ties to local primary care physicians, sleep specialists, ear, nose a throat doctors (ENTs), cardiologists, pediatricians,
 pulmonologists and other healthcare providers who routinely see or treat patients with sleep and breathing disorders. The primary
 objective of our MID is to promote The Vivos Method to medical providers and thus facilitate the potential for additional mild to
 moderate OSA patients gaining access to The Vivos Method while offering continuum of care. The MID seeks to fulfill that objective
 by meeting with VIP dentists and medical providers in their local areas who will establish airway centric clinics using the
 trademarked name Pneusomnia (which are referred to as Pneusomnia and Pneusomnia Plus Centers). These independent
 clinics that are owned jointly with medical doctors and dentists or just medical doctors depending on local state regulations will
 be managed by our company under a management and development agreement which pays us six to eight (6 to 8 percent of all net
 revenue from sleep-related services. We also collect a development fee for each clinic prior to opening thus establishing all
 operational protocols. We have built into our core MID business model a great degree of flexibility, such that elements of each
 Pneusomnia Center as described above may change and be adapted to local state laws and regulations, and entity formation laws as any
 such alterations do not violate any state or federal statutes or regulations. We believe our market response from MID activities has
 been promising, and in March 2021 we announced the opening of the first Pneusomnia Center in Del Mar, California, and in May 2021,
 the second in Modesto. 2022 was a good year for the MID with the addition of two new locations located in Toluca Lake California,
 and Newport Beach California. These two new locations are branded under the name Pneusomnia Plus as
 these are dental offices jointly owned by independent dentists and physicians. The MID has plans to assist in the opening of
 additional Pneusomnia Centers in several other cities in the U.S. including two locations in Las Vegas, Nevada and one in
 Scottsdale, AZ. The MID is expected to enhance the overall practice level economics for independent VIP offices and generate
 additional lines of recurring revenue for us. 

MyoCorrect
 (Orofacial Myofunctional Therapy) Program . In March 2021, we introduced orofacial myofunctional therapy (or OMT) as a service
 that is part of The Vivos Method, under the name MyoCorrect. Through MyoCorrect, dentists enrolled in the VIP program will have access
 to trained therapists who provide OMT via telemedicine technology. OMT can be a component of obstructive sleep apnea treatment in
 conjunction with The Vivos Method which includes our Class II oral appliances and treatment guidelines. OMT, which is given by a
 certified OMT therapist, involves exercises and other techniques aimed at strengthening the tongue and orofacial muscles by teaching
 individuals how to engage the muscles to the appropriate position. As of December, 31, 2022, 1,206 patients have enrolled in MyoCorrect. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
believe that The Vivos Method has numerous advantages that, taken together, set us apart from the competition and position us for success
in the marketplace: 

Significant
 barriers to entry: We believe that third parties seeking to compete directly with us have significant barriers to entry for
 the following reasons: competitors must offer a treatment modality with similar features, capabilities, research support, FDA regulatory
 clearances, and successful clinical outcomes in the market; then establish a comprehensive educational training program featuring
 other clinical professionals with actual experience and success using that particular treatment modality to properly educate dentists
 on all clinical aspects of use with patients; then develop and promulgate the systems and best practices required to successfully
 integrate the treatment of dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring using this novel treatment modality
 in a dental practice; then establish and provide, by recruitment and otherwise, ongoing clinical mentoring and support to independent
 dentists engaged in treating their patients for dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring and related conditions
 (clinical mentors are limited and may be hard to find); and finally, assisting the dentists with case selection, case acceptance,
 patient financing, and medical insurance reimbursement. We believe we have strategically and effectively addressed each and every
 one of the aforementioned barriers to entry, and thus have created a novel and compelling single-source value proposition for dentists
 seeking to deliver OSA treatment to their patients. 

Vivos
 Method insurance reimbursement: Most major commercial insurance (and also Medicare for the mmRNA appliance, which we achieved
 during 2021), reimburse for our adult treatment in the United States. The average level of commercial payer reimbursement is approximately
 50 (with coverage ranging from 5 to 70 ), although medical insurance is never a guarantee of payment, and patient deductibles and
 policy restrictions will vary. Medicare reimbursement for the mmRNA appliance will vary by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
 Services (CMS) jurisdiction in the U.S. We continue to pursue our own billing code(s) for Vivos CARE treatment along with pilot programs
 at major US payers. 

Body
 of published research and strong patient outcomes: Together with our network of trained dentists, we have developed a database
 of clinical and patient data over approximately ten years that includes an estimated 25,000 patients treated with our proprietary
 clinical treatments that demonstrates the safety, effectiveness, therapy adherence (patient compliance), and benefits of The Vivos
 Method for its registered and 510(k) cleared uses. The documented and reported benefits of treatment with The Vivos Method have been
 consistent across reports from independent dentists and have been highlighted in approximately 60 published studies, case reports,
 and articles, many of which have been peer reviewed. We believe this favorable data provides us with a significant competitive advantage
 and will continue to support increased adoption. 

- 8 - 

First
 mover advantage: Our business model is the first to focus on dentists screening patients for mild to moderate OSA, referring
 patients to physicians for diagnosis, with the dentists then serving as the primary source of treatment using The Vivos Method for
 such patients. 

Differentiated
 products: To our knowledge, we believe only The Vivos Method offers a truly differentiated, non-invasive treatment option
 that actually works on a common root cause of OSA. We also believe that older oral appliances are typically less expensive, but do
 not reshape the upper airway like our appliances, and therefore require nightly use over a lifetime, and have a number of other disadvantages. 

Intellectual
 property portfolio and research and development capabilities We have a comprehensive patent portfolio to protect our intellectual
 property and technology, five design patents that expire between 2023 through 2029 and two utility patents expiring in 2029 and 2030.
 We own two Canadian patents and one European patent that has been validated in Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Spain, France,
 United Kingdom, Hungary, Italy and the Netherlands, all of which expire in 2029. We also have three pending utility patents. Our
 U.S. trademark portfolio consists of 10 registered marks and one pending trademark applications. Extensive online and in-person training,
 multiple touch point support systems, specific fabrication materials, customized appliance designs, and multi-disciplinary treatment
 modalities are all considered proprietary trade secrets and competitive advantages with no known counterparts. 

Extensive
 Training and Support Systems: We believe our extensive online and in-person clinical and business systems training program
 offered through The Vivos Institute is unmatched anywhere in dentistry and is a clear competitive strength that would be difficult
 to replicate. 

Targeted
 approach to market development : We have established a systematic and scalable approach to engage with our primary target
 audience of U.S. and Canadian dentists actively and consistently. In addition, our MID is actively targeting physicians and other
 relevant healthcare providers in order to build awareness and collaborative patient options for independent VIP practices. 

Marketplace
 acceptance: Patient access to The Vivos Method at a VIP practice is becoming more readily available, and active VIP providers
 can now be found in almost all major U.S. cities and in many cities in Canada. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
have established a methodical approach to market development which centers on active engagement directly with members of the medical
community, including general dentists and medical doctors who treat dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring,
to educate them on The Vivos Method and its benefits. The goals of our sales and marketing efforts are (i) to secure new VIP dentists
and provide them with the tools to treat patients with our products and (ii) more broadly educate the medical community regarding our
products with a view towards expanding our number of VIPs as well as medical professionals who could refer patients to our VIPs for treatment. 

We
sell the VIP Program to dentists through a direct sales force that primarily targets general dentists in the United States and Canada.
Our sales effort is developed through social media initiatives, and our new website with over 150 videos, and the production of over
350 new content creation projects. Our VIP program was developed to train independent dentists to identify and treat dental conditions
that may be associated with mild to moderate sleep apnea. Our sales program to target medical doctors is our MID program, which was developed
to assist VIP practices to establish clinical collaboration ties to local primary care physicians, sleep specialists, ENTs, pediatricians,
pulmonologists and other healthcare professionals who routinely see or treat patients with sleep and breathing disorders. 

- 9 - 

In
countries outside of North America we typically offer a modified training and support program at a lower cost. We currently have approximately
25 direct sales representatives in the United States and Canada. Our direct sales force engages in sales efforts and promotional activities
focused on referring physicians, as well as directly to the over 200,000 professionally active general dentists in the United States
and 20,000 general dentists in Canada. 

Our
current VIP sales organization is comprised of three teams consisting of: 

one
 Enrollment Specialist , who is the primary salesperson responsible for enrolling new VIPs; 

two
 Enrollment Support Staff members, who are responsible for organizing potential VIP appointments for the Enrollment Specialist; 

three
 Area Business Managers , who are responsible for cultivating new business leads which are referred to the Enrollment Support
 Staff; Area Business Managers are responsible for cultivating new leads, sales of new products, coordinating local Clinical Education
 events. 

one
 Outreach and Engagement Associate , who is responsible for engaging with potential VIPs in our sales process with surveys and
 offers of online courses with the purpose of leads to be referred to the Enrollment Support Staff members; and 

one
 Practice Advisory Onboarding Specialist , who is responsible for onboarding new VIPs to our training programs. 

Our
MID is comprised of a Senior Vice President that leads the MID sales, marketing, operations and finance efforts with one Senior Director
of Business Development, one Director of Operations and one Senior Market Manager. We plan to grow our MID organization by recruiting
candidates that have extensive healthcare backgrounds, strong business development experience setting up physician owned medical facilities/practices
and significant healthcare regulatory knowledge. 

In
the late fourth quarter of 2021, we launched our sales initiative targeting the large and rapidly growing segment of private equity and
corporate sponsored dental groups known as Dental Service Organizations (or DSOs). With an estimated 2,600 DSO groups in the U.S. and
Canada covering total office locations in excess of 40,000, DSOs provide business management and support to dental practices, including
non-clinical operations. In many ways, DSO s represent the most patient centric and profit motivated model to scale in dentistry,
which we believe makes the integration of sleep medicine as part of the DSO offering an ideal fit for Vivos to help drive awareness of
OSA, new VIP subscriptions and sales of our products and services. Our early experience in working with DSOs has been that while some
DSO-participating dentists have become VIPs and direct customers of ours, in some cases, the DSO would prefer to be the customer or have
primary (or shared) responsibility for paying VIP subscription fees to us. 

We
utilize indirect and direct marketing channels to inform and educate dentists, medical doctors and healthcare professionals about The
Vivos Method. Our indirect marketing channels include strategic partners, industry key opinion leaders, trade shows and our own clinical
advisor network. 

Our
direct marketing channels include outreach to prospective VIPs using digital advertising platforms including Facebook and Google ad placements.
The objective of our indirect and direct marketing efforts are to bring dentists, medical doctors and healthcare professionals to our
educational and training websites to learn about OSA and its treatment alternatives. 

We
further believe our dentist and medical doctor marketing efforts have been effective in facilitating contact via our Vivos introduction
and online training webinars, despite significant headwinds throughout our core customer base, mostly driven by COVID-19 Delta and Omicron
variant resurgences in the early and middle part of the year. 

- 10 - 

Potential
Economics for Trained VIP Clinicians 

Dentists
that enroll in our VIP program have the potential for compelling economics. The actual incidence of dental patients with OSA will vary,
but our conservative estimate would suggest that the average dental practice sees 400-500 adult patients a year with a high risk of suffering
from obstructive sleep apnea. Using these demographic figures, the economic potential per dentist may be calculated, based on a retail
adult case fee of approximately 9,000, fully burdened VIP provider costs of approximately 3,000, and net profit of approximately 6,000,
to be over 3.3 million in annual gross revenue potential annually with over 2.4 million in potential net profit. We believe, based
on our experience, that dentists have seen accretive economic additions to their practices by utilizing The Vivos Method, and thus participation
in the VIP program can likely add to the dentist s take-home income. 

In
terms of continuing training, our sales and clinical advisory dentists conduct training primarily in a highly personalized, deep immersion
workshop format at our Vivos Institute. The key topics covered in training include case selection, clinical diagnosis, treatment planning,
appliance design, adjunctive therapies, information on our productions and services, guidance on pricing, case acceptance, instruction
on insurance reimbursement protocols and interacting with our proprietary software system and the many other features of our website.
We present our training material in a manner we believe to be superior to most other dental training and experience, including preparatory
online courses, didactic lectures, hands-on training, specialized small group breakout sessions, and post training technical support
from assigned mentors. As a result, we are able to complete the initial training workshops, both online and in person, typically within
just 6-7 days spread out over a couple of weeks. Our success in training approximately 1,650 dentists confirms our belief that training
represents a minimal barrier to adoption for most dentists. 

Below
is an illustrative model depicting the total additional revenue a dentist might receive by treating patients with The Vivos Method. The
potential patients with dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA is determined by using a calculation that results in a
conservative estimate that 30 of patients of a dental practice patient may suffer from OSA (according to a 2019 article published in
 Chest Physician ). The revenue treatment fee is estimated at 9,000 per patient. This illustration helps to explain why a dentist
might want to become a trained VIP and use The Vivos Method. 

Number of Active Patients in Typical Dental
 Practice 
 Potential Patients with OSA 
 Potential
 Additional Revenue
 for Dentist 

1,250 
 375 
 3,375,000 
 
 1,500 
 450 
 4,050,000 
 
 1,750 
 525 
 4,725,000 
 
 2,000 
 600 
 5,400,000 
 
 2,250 
 675 
 6,075,000 

To
facilitate the adoption of The Vivos Method, we market the VIP Program, and as part of that offering, we often partner with equipment
manufacturers to bundle training and equipment into a turn-key program financed by third party lenders for those dental practices who
need to purchase additional equipment. The VIP Program fees are also often financed by third party lenders separate from any equipment
purchases. Loan terms and payments will vary depending on the doctor s credit, the interest rate, the amount financed, and the
term of the loan. Generally, payments on such financing range from about 600 to 2,500 per month. 

Insurance
Reimbursement 

Insurance
reimbursement is available across the full spectrum of Vivos appliances. Medical coverage and benefits are subject to medical necessity
and payer guidelines. Although medical insurance is never a guarantee of payment, the average reimbursement seen is approximately 50 
(ranging from 5 to 70 ). Benefits payable are subject to deductibles and policy limitations that may vary. A verification of benefits
(VOB) is generally required for all medical policies to check for validity of billable coding for oral appliance therapy (OAT) and need
for pre-authorization that may be required for reimbursement. Vivos Integrated Practices (VIPs) typically remain out-of-network with
commercial health insurance, but this depends on the individual practice and the commercial payer guidelines in each state. As out-of-network
providers, dentists can set their own fees and balance bill the patient for the cost of care not covered by the patient s health
insurance. Although many patients pay for treatment out of pocket on a fee for service basis, the availability of health insurance coverage
is an important consideration for many patients who desire treatment so that billing guidance is an important component of support provided
by Vivos to VIPs. 

- 11 - 

Our
mRNA appliance and mmRNA appliance are custom fabricated mandibular advancement appliances indicated to treat mild to moderate
OSA and snoring in adults. The mRNA and mmRNA can be billed in- and out-of-network to most commercial payers under the E0486 CPT code.
The E0486 code is reimbursable by many major commercial medical payers following a medical diagnosis of OSA and adherence to payer guidelines
for alternative OSA therapy. Pre-authorization may also be required for reimbursement of these appliances and the pre-authorization requirements
may vary based on the payer policies and patient s insurance coverage. As described above, the same VOB and pre-authorization/LMN
process is employed in the billing practices for these appliances to navigate the pathway to payment of medical benefits. 

Our
mRNA appliance and our DNA appliance are not currently covered by Medicare or Medicaid as they do not feature the specific
design criteria required by the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare (CMS) for payment for oral appliances billed with code E0486. To
meet the billing requirements of CMS for custom mandibular advancement oral appliances, the mmRNA appliance (Modified
Mandibular Repositioning Nighttime Appliance) was developed based on the original design of the mRNA appliance. In August 2021
510(k) for Class II clearance from the FDA for the mmRNA appliance with indications to treat jaw repositioning and mild to moderate
OSA and snoring in adults was approved. In December 2021, the mmRNA was accepted by the CMS Pricing, Data Analysis and Coding PDAC ). This acceptance places the mmRNA device on the PDAC list of oral appliances covered by and billable to
Medicare, making the benefits of the mmRNA device available to millions of Medicare beneficiaries. Notwithstanding this important
achievement, in general we have found the lack of inclusion on the current CMS Medicare PDAC list does not hinder market
distribution or acceptance of Vivos appliances. This is due to the fact that most dentists who work with The Vivos Method are
out-of-network with commercial payers and do not typically file for reimbursement under Medicare. When Medicare reimbursement is
desired by Vivos providers they are typically registered with Medicare DME as a non-participating DME supplier, allowing the
provider to balance bill patients like they would when billing as an out-of- network provider to commercial policies and are not
limited to accepting Medicare reimbursement rates as payment in full. 

We
have seen an increase in the ability for Reimbursement for our other FDA registered oral appliances such as the Vivos Guides for children
and the DNA appliance for adults. When preauthorizing and billing the Vivos Guides and DNA appliance an undefined CPT code can be utilized
only when medical necessity is present and documented properly. A dentist billing an undefined CPT code for a Class I or Class II oral
appliance must proceed with caution. These preauthorization and billing requirements pertain to all valid and billable codes and must
be supported with documented medical necessity reviewed by the medical director at the payor before being submitted for possible reimbursement.
Pre-authorization with medical review is accomplished via a letter of medical necessity (LMN) used to summarize and communicate
the existing medical necessity. The plan s medical director will then review the LMN, supporting clinical documentation of dentofacial
abnormalities present, CT images, co-morbidities, and any other related medical conditions diagnosed by a medical doctor. Once authorized
the OAT can be billed for benefit calculation and payment. In December 2022 the DNA appliance received 510(k) clearance with indications
to treat mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults. While the DNA appliance can still be pre-authorized and billed using an undefined
CPT code, the newly issued 510(k) clearance for the DNA appliance allows for additional code types to be utilized when OSA is present
and diagnosed by a Medical Doctor. The DNA appliance can be pre-authorized and billed using a HCPCS Code designated for use by reducing
upper airway collapsibility, that is custom fabricated, without a fixed mechanical hinge. While the use of this designated HCPCS code
is new there is a potential pathway for additional registrations with Vivos appliances on the PDAC list of oral appliances covered by
and billable to Medicare. 

Dental
Insurance Coverage 

Dental
insurance coverage for Vivos appliances also exists. Codes for sleep apnea appliances were added to the CDT code set in 2022. Vivos appliances
with indications for treatment of OSA are billable with these code, however dental benefits for these codes are nascent at present and
secondary to medical coverage. Orthodontic coverage and benefits are also available for Vivos appliances registered with indication of
jaw expansion and tooth movement. 

- 12 - 

Published
Research 

There
are several studies in the medical literature on upper airway remodeling in pathologic conditions such as asthma, chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease and similar conditions. In contrast, there is a dearth of studies that have documented pneumatization and physiologic
upper airway remodeling. Advances in 3D digital imaging, adjunctive treatments from chiropractic and other specialists, and applied diagnostic
technologies such as rhinomanometry, combined with real-world experience in many thousands of cases, has allowed us to make further advances
in the understanding of dentofacial phenomena and how to activate and optimize dentofacial development for improved airway form and function.
For example, while it was believed that cranial sutures undergo closure in early adulthood, it is now thought that populations of stem
cells may persist to permit continued growth and development. Using this premise, the midfacial bone volume may be increased surgically
or non-surgically. Since the roof of the mouth is the floor of the nose, the volume of the nasal airway can also be increased surgically
or non-surgically. There are certain aspects of the underlying biological and bio-mechanical processes that we currently do not fully
understand, and are continually exploring. Nevertheless, our experience continues to be that using our patented, non-surgical treatment
we are able to target and evoke a resizing of the oral cavity and upper airways to address dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate
OSA and snoring. Using various assessment techniques, we have previously reported surface area, volumetric and functional changes of
the upper airway. 

Since
2009, our technology has been the subject of over 60 peer-reviewed articles in the medical, dental and orthodontic literature. While
most of these papers have been small uncontrolled case series, their results were reflected in our retrospective database review of 220
patients undergoing CARE treatment for Obstructive Sleep Apnea published in July 2022 in Sleep Medicine . The results of that review
showed 63.6 of Vivos patients had achieved improvement in their AHI scores by at least one severity class, while 25.9 saw a complete
resolution of their OSA symptoms. Again, these results were measured pre- and post-treatment, with no appliance in the mouth. Several
more retrospective data sets have been presented at scientific meetings in the past year that further corroborate clinical efficacy of
Vivos CARE treatment in adult OSA, pediatric OSA, and also in adult headache severity. The results of these presentations are in various
stages of medical journal submission. The results published have illustrated that CARE therapy when provided as part of the Vivos Method
can provide a significant change in the severity of patients dentofacial abnormalities and/or OSA and snoring (as measured by
industry standard indices such as the AHI, among others), improvement in oral conditions, sleep-related quality of life, reduction in
snoring, high patient compliance rates and a strong safety profile. 

Intellectual
Property 

To
establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, including
know-how, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee disclosure and invention
assignment agreements, and other contractual rights. Our intellectual property is important in achieving and maintaining our position
in the market. We currently own five design patents that expire between 2023 through 2029 and two utility patents expiring in 2029 and
2030. We also own two Canadian patents and a European patent that has been validated in Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Spain,
France, United Kingdom, Hungary, Italy and the Netherlands, all of which expire in 2029. Our U.S. trademark portfolio consists of ten
registered marks and one pending trademark application. Extensive online and in-person training, multiple touch point support systems,
specific fabrication materials, customized appliance designs, and multi-disciplinary treatment modalities are all considered proprietary
trade secrets and competitive advantages with no known counterparts. 

FDA
Regulatory Status 

The
Vivos Method offers treatment modalities that uses nonsurgical, noninvasive, and cost-effective oral appliance technology prescribed
by trained dentists and medical professionals to treat dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring. The Vivos Method
includes a customized treatment plan that may begin with a simple and easy at-home sleep apnea screening using proprietary HST technology
from SleepImage . We offer three Class II devices cleared by the FDA DNA , mRNA and mmRNA ). We offer our
own specially designed pre-formed Vivos Guides. The regulatory status of our products is as follows: 

Our
 mmRNA (Pat.Pend.) appliance has a 510(k) clearance from the FDA as a Class II medical device for the treatment of jaw repositioning,
 snoring and mild to moderate OSA in adults. 

- 13 - 

Our
 mRNA appliance has a 510(k) clearance from the FDA as a Class II medical device for the treatment of snoring and mild to moderate OSA in adults. 

The
 DNA appliance has a 510(k) clearance from the FDA as a Class II medical device for the treatment of jaw
 repositioning, snoring and mild to moderate OSA in adults. 

The
 Vivos Guides are an FDA-registered Class I product for orthodontic tooth positioning. In October 2021, we announced that results
 from a peer-reviewed, published study by an independent dentist found a significant reduction of tooth decay in pediatric patients
 after undergoing treatment using our Vivos Guides. A second study was peer reviewed and published in 2022 showing a 97.4 resolution
 of nocturnal enuresis (bedwetting) in children within 60 days of starting treatment with Vivos Guides. Other papers and studies on
 the use of Vivos Guides have been submitted to various journals and are awaiting acceptance and publication. 

We
are conducting two separate Western Copernicus Group Institutional Review Board WCG IRB approved pediatric clinical trials with eight
private dental sites around the country. 

The purpose of the first study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of an intraoral device
(the DNA) to reduce sleep related breathing disorders in children, including: snoring, mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea (OSA),
and Upper Airway Resistance Syndrome UARS ). The child subjects enrolled in this study will be using the DNA appliance to correct orthodontic
issues. They will also present with midfacial hypoplasia suitable for arch development. During orthodontic treatment and arch development,
the device will be studied to determine whether it can also reduce symptoms of sleep-related breathing disorders in children. The study
will recruit pediatric subjects who have already elected to utilize the study device for their orthodontic treatment. If they meet the
inclusion and exclusion criteria, then they will be included in the study. 

The purpose of the second study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of an intraoral device (the Vivos Grow and/or Vivos Way
appliances) to reduce sleep-related breathing disorders in children, including: snoring, mild to moderate OSA, and UARS. The child
subjects enrolled in this study will be using the Vivos Grow/Vivos Way appliance to correct orthodontic issues. They will also
present with midfacial hypoplasia suitable for arch development. During orthodontic treatment and arch development, the devices will
be studied to determine whether they can also reduce symptoms of sleep related breathing disorders in children. The study will
recruit pediatric subjects who have already elected to utilize the study device for their orthodontic treatment. If they meet the
inclusion and exclusion criteria they can be included in the study. Upon completion of the two pediatric clinical trials described
below which are expected to be completed in the next 6 to 12 months we plan to submit two separate 510(k) applications to the FDA
requesting pediatric clearances and indications of use for the DNA appliance as well as the Vivos Guides. 

All
of the oral appliances that comprise our Vivos Complete Airway Repositioning and/or Expansion (CARE) system (our DNA
appliance , mRNA appliance and mmRNA appliance are cleared by the FDA as Class II sleep appliances
to treat mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults. Patients undergoing treatment are seeing improvement in the said cleared
indications of use, but clinicians have also reported that they are seeing other comorbidities and medical conditions improve due to
treatment. These appliances (which are central to The Vivos Method) and other Vivos appliances are made available to trained
clinicians who exercise their independent clinical judgment with respect to their use and suitability as a part of an overall
treatment created for each individual patient. 

In
October of 2022, we underwent our 2-year FDA regulatory inspection. This inspection resulted in our receipt of an FDA Form 483 with three
observations, none of which was a repeat offense from previous inspections. These observations were corrected and responded to according
to the Code of Federal Regulations. The FDA delivered a final report of the October 2022 inspection to us in January 2023. 

Manufacturing
and Supply 

We
rely on third-party suppliers and manufacturers on a per order, or per item basis. Outsourcing manufacturing reduces our need for capital
investment and reduces operational expenses. Additionally, outsourcing provides expertise and capacity necessary to scale up or down
based on demand for our appliances. We select our manufacturing labs so we can ensure that our appliances are safe and effective, adhere
to all applicable regulations, are of the highest quality, and meet our supply needs. We also rely on third-party carriers and freight
forwarders for product shipments, including shipments to and from our manufactures distribution facilities and customer distribution
facilities. 

- 14 - 

Our
Ongoing Clinical Research 

We
are committed to ongoing research and development, and we intend to invest in our business to further improve our products and clinical
outcomes, increase patient acceptance and comfort and broaden the patient population that can benefit from The Vivos Method. In addition
to the following two currently active clinical trials we are aggressively pursuing head-to-head comparisons of the DNA vs. CPAP in moderate
to severe OSA, DNA vs. tonsillectomy in pediatric OSA, and DNA vs. routine management in Veterans with OSA and post-traumatic stress
disorder with potential sites identified and preliminary work underway. 

Protocol
 approved February 2021 -Daytime Nighttime Appliance (DNA) therapy for the treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). The
 aim of this study is to investigate structural and functional effects of using the DNA appliance in the treatment
 of mild to moderate OSA in adults. This study will test the hypothesis that treatment of the upper airway associated with functional
 improvements of sleep parameters in adults with mild to moderate OSA. 

Commenced
 January 2019 - Treatment of OSA with an intraoral device in a pediatric population. Approved by WCG IRB as non-significant
 controlled clinical trials, we are conducting 2 separate clinical trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the DNA appliance 
 and the Vivos Guides (which we call the Vivos Grow and Vivos Way appliances) to reduce SDB in children, including snoring,
 mild to moderate OSA, and UARS. Clinical outcomes: Pediatric Sleep Questionnaire, reduction in sleep apnea and UARS using the AHI,
 Epworth Sleepiness Scale for Children and Adolescents, and changes in upper airway volume. 

Government
Regulation 

Our
products and our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other federal and state authorities in the United States,
as well as comparable authorities in the European Economic Area EEA ). Our products are subject to regulation as medical
devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, as implemented and enforced by the FDA. The FDA regulates the development,
design, non-clinical and clinical research, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, servicing, recordkeeping,
premarket clearance or approval, import, export, adverse event reporting, advertising, promotion, marketing and distribution, and import
and export of medical devices to ensure that medical devices distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses
and otherwise meet the requirements of the FDCA. 

In
addition to U.S. regulations, we are subject to a variety of regulations in the EEA governing clinical trials and the commercial sales
and distribution of our products. Whether or not we have or are required to obtain FDA clearance or approval for a product, we will be
required to obtain authorization before commencing clinical trials and to obtain marketing authorization or approval of our products
under the comparable regulatory authorities of countries outside of the United States before we can commence clinical trials or commercialize
our products in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and the time may be longer or shorter than that
required for FDA clearance or approval. 

FDA
Premarket Clearance and Approval Requirements 

Unless
an exemption applies, each medical device commercially distributed in the United States requires either FDA clearance of a 510(k) premarket
notification or pre-market approval (PMA). Under the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes-Class I, Class II
or Class III-depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control
needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness. Class I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety
and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA s General Controls for medical devices, which include compliance with
the applicable portions of the QSR, facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and truthful and
non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials. Class II devices are subject to the FDA s General Controls, and
special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. These special controls can include
performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries and FDA guidance documents. While most Class I devices are exempt
from the 510(k) premarket notification requirement, manufacturers of most Class II devices are required to submit to the FDA a premarket
notification under Section 510(k) of the FDCA requesting permission to commercially distribute the device. The FDA s permission
to commercially distribute a device subject to a 510(k) premarket notification is generally known as 510(k) clearance. Under the 510(k)
process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent 
to either a device that was legally marketed (for which the FDA has not required a PMA submission) prior to May 28, 1976, the date upon
which the Medical Device Amendments of 1976 were enacted, or another commercially available device that was cleared to through the 510(k)
process. The FDA has 90 days from the date of the pre-market equivalence acceptance to authorize or decline commercial distribution of
the device. However, similar to the PMA process, clearance may take longer than this three-month window, as the FDA can request additional
data. If the FDA resolves that the product is not substantially equivalent to a predicate device, then the device acquires a Class III
designation, and a PMA must be approved before the device can be commercialized. 

- 15 - 

The
Vivos Guides are registered with the FDA as Class I devices for orthodontic tooth positioning. On December 30, 2022, the FDA granted
510k clearance for the DNA appliance as a Class II medical device for jaw repositioning, and for the treatment
of mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea and snoring in adults. This approval
was the first time the FDA has granted such a clearance on an oral appliance with a mechanism of action other than mandibular advancement.
The mRNA appliance has 510(k) clearance from the FDA as a Class II medical device for the treatment of snoring, and mild-to-moderate
OSA in adults. The mmRNA appliance has 510(k) clearance from the FDA as a Class II medical device for jaw repositioning, and for
the treatment of snoring, and mild-to-moderate OSA in adults. 

Devices
deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or some implantable devices, or devices that have
a new intended use, or use advanced technology that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device, are placed
in Class III, requiring approval of a PMA. Some pre-amendment devices are unclassified but are subject to the FDA s premarket notification
and clearance process in order to be commercially distributed. We do not have any Class III devices. 

PMA
Pathway 

Class
III devices require PMA approval before they can be marketed although some pre-amendment Class III devices for which the FDA has not
yet required a PMA are cleared through the 510(k) process. The PMA process is more demanding than the 510(k) premarket notification process.
In a PMA application, the manufacturer must demonstrate that the device is safe and effective, and the PMA application must be supported
by extensive data, including data from preclinical studies and human clinical trials. The PMA must also contain a full description of
the device and its components, a full description of the methods, facilities and controls used for manufacturing, and proposed labeling.
Following receipt of a PMA application, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review.
If the FDA accepts the application for review, it has 180 days under the FDCA to complete its review of a PMA application, although in
practice, the FDA s review often takes significantly longer, and can take up to several years. An advisory panel of experts from
outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability
of the device. The FDA may or may not accept the panel s recommendation. In addition, the FDA will generally conduct a preapproval
inspection of the applicant or its third-party manufacturers. 

The
FDA will approve the new device for commercial distribution if it determines that the data and information in the PMA application constitute
valid scientific evidence and that there is reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). The FDA
may approve a PMA application with post-approval conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including,
among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution, and collection of long-term follow-up data from patients
in the clinical study that supported a PMA approval or requirements to conduct additional clinical studies post-approval. The FDA may
condition a PMA approval on some form of post-market surveillance when deemed necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional
safety and efficacy data for the device in a larger population or for a longer period of use. In such cases, the manufacturer might be
required to follow certain patient groups for a number of years and to make periodic reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those
patients. Failure to comply with the conditions of approval can result in material adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of
the approval. 

- 16 - 

Certain
changes to an approved device, such as changes in manufacturing facilities, methods, or quality control procedures, or changes in the
design performance specifications, which affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, require submission of a new PMA application
or a PMA supplement. PMA supplements often require submission of the same type of information as a PMA application, except that the supplement
is limited to information needed to support any changes from the device covered by the original PMA application and may not require as
extensive clinical data or the convening of an advisory panel. Certain other changes to an approved device require the submission of
a new PMA application, such as when the design change causes a different intended use, mode of operation, and technical basis of operation,
or when the design change is so significant that a new generation of the device will be developed, and the data that were submitted with
the original PMA application are not applicable for the change in demonstrating a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. 

Clinical
Trials 

Clinical
trials are almost always required to support a PMA application and are sometimes required to support a 510(k) submission. All clinical
investigations of investigational devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s
investigational device exemption, or IDE, regulations which govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational
device, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If
the device presents a significant risk to human health, as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit
an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective prior to commencing human clinical trials. A significant risk device is one
that presents a potential for serious risk to the health, safety, or welfare of a patient and either is implanted, used in supporting
or sustaining human life, substantially important in diagnosing, curing, mitigating or treating disease or otherwise preventing impairment
of human health, or otherwise presents a potential for serious risk to a subject. An IDE application must be supported by appropriate
data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol
is scientifically sound. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless the FDA notifies us that
the investigation may not begin. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IDE for which it requires
modification, the FDA may require a response on such deficiencies or permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. 

In
addition, the study must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, for each clinical
site. The IRB is responsible for the initial and continuing review of the IDE, and may pose additional requirements for the conduct of
the study. If an IDE application is approved by the FDA and one or more IRBs, human clinical trials may begin at a specific number of
investigational sites with a specific number of patients, as approved by the FDA. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the
patient, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate approval
from the FDA, but must still follow abbreviated IDE requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators
obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping requirements. Acceptance of an IDE application for review does not guarantee
that the FDA will allow the IDE to become effective and, if it does become effective, the FDA may or may not determine that the data
derived from the trials support the safety and effectiveness of the device or warrant the continuation of clinical trials. An IDE supplement
must be submitted to, and approved by, the FDA before a sponsor or investigator may make a change to the investigational plan that may
affect its scientific soundness, study plan or the rights, safety or welfare of human subjects. 

During
a study, the sponsor is required to comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting
clinical investigators and providing them with the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping
and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators
in the clinical study are also subject to FDA regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational
plan and study protocol, control the disposition of the investigational device, and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements.
Additionally, after a trial begins, we, the FDA or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons,
including a belief that the risks to study subjects outweigh the anticipated benefits. 

- 17 - 

Post-market
Regulation 

After
a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 

establishment
 registration and device listing with the FDA; 

QSR
 requirements, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation,
 and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process; 

labeling
 and marketing regulations, which require that promotion is truthful, not misleading, fairly balanced and provide adequate directions
 for use and that all claims are substantiated, and also prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or off-label uses and impose
 other restrictions on labeling; FDA guidance on off-label dissemination of information and responding to unsolicited requests for
 information; 

the
 federal Physician Sunshine Act and various state and foreign laws on reporting remunerative relationships with health care customers; 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute (and similar state laws) prohibiting, among other things, soliciting, receiving, offering or providing
 remuneration intended to induce the purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program,
 such as Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity does not have to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate
 it to have committed a violation; 

the
 federal False Claims Act (and similar state laws) prohibiting, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
 claims for payment or approval to the federal government that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making a false statement material
 to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government or knowingly concealing, or knowingly and improperly
 avoiding or decreasing, an obligation to pay or transmit money to the federal government. The government may assert that claim includes
 items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes
 of the false claims statute; 

clearance
 or approval of product modifications to 510(k)-cleared devices that could significantly affect safety or effectiveness or that would
 constitute a major change in intended use of one of our cleared devices, or approval of a supplement for certain modifications to
 PMA devices; 

medical
 device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device it markets may have caused or contributed
 to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned and the device or a similar device that it markets would be likely to cause or
 contribute to a death or serious injury, if the malfunction were to recur; 

correction,
 removal and recall reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls
 or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a
 risk to health; 

complying
 with the new federal law and regulations requiring Unique Device Identifiers (UDI) on devices and also requiring the submission of
 certain information about each device to the FDA s Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID); 

the
 FDA s recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation
 of governing laws and regulations; and 

- 18 - 

post-market
 surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary to protect the public health or to provide
 additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

We
may be subject to similar foreign laws that may include applicable post-marketing requirements such as safety surveillance. Our manufacturing
processes are required to comply with the applicable portions of the quality system regulation QSR ), which cover the methods
and the facilities and controls for the design, manufacture, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging,
distribution, installation, and servicing of finished devices intended for human use. The QSR also requires, among other things, maintenance
of a device master file, device history file, and complaint files. As a manufacturer, our facilities, records, and manufacturing processes
are subject to periodic scheduled or unscheduled inspections by the FDA. Our failure to maintain compliance with the QSR or other applicable
regulatory requirements could result in the shut-down of, or restrictions on, our manufacturing operations and the recall or seizure
of our products. The discovery of previously unknown problems with any of our products, including unanticipated adverse events or adverse
events of increasing severity or frequency, whether resulting from the use of the device within the scope of its clearance or off-label
by a physician in the practice of medicine, could result in restrictions on the device, including the removal of the product from the
market or voluntary or mandatory device recalls or a public warning letter that could harm both our reputation and sales. Any potential
consequences of off-label use of the DNA appliance are the responsibility of the treating independent dentist; however, we may face consequences
related to such off-label use. See Risk Factors- The misuse or off-label use of The Vivos Method may harm our reputation in
the marketplace, result in injuries that lead to product liability suits or result in costly investigations, fines or sanctions by regulatory
bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in the promotion of these uses, any of which could be costly to our business. 

The
FDA has broad regulatory compliance and enforcement powers. If the FDA determines that we failed to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements, it can take a variety of compliance or enforcement actions, which may result in any of the following sanctions: 

warning
 letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

recalls,
 withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

operating
 restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing
 or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approvals of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing
 510(k) clearances or PMAs that have already been granted; 

refusal
 to grant export or import approvals for our products; or 

criminal
 prosecution. 

Regulation
of Medical Devices in Canada 

Canada
regulates the import and sale of medical devices through Health Canada (or HC). HC reviews medical devices to assess their safety, effectiveness,
and quality before being authorized for sale in Canada. HC classifies medical devices into four classifications, with Class I being the
lowest risk and Class IV being the highest. Class I and II devices are often cleared for sale after they are CE marked or listed on the
company s ISO certification and filed via fax-back applications for a Medical Device License MDL ). Obtaining an MDL is comparable
to the FDA 510(k) process. Higher classification risk devices (Class III and IV) require filing dossiers that resemble FDA 510(k) applications.
These applications can range in cost and typically take longer for approval. 

Regulation
of Medical Devices in Australia 

Australia
regulates the import and sale of medical devices through the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) of Australia, a Tier 1 regulatory
body. Registering a medical device with the TGA entails risk-based classification; compliance with quality, safety and performance principles;
compliance with regulatory controls for manufacturing processes; listing in the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods; and post-market
vigilance programs. Australia follows the standards applied by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) which is currently
made up of 165 members/countries. Equivalent to the FDA in the United States, the TGA regulates the manufacturing and distribution of
therapeutic goods in Australia. During 2022, we received clearance from TGA to sell our full line of products in Australia, with no restrictions
as to the severity of OSA or other constraints. 

- 19 - 

Federal,
State and Foreign Fraud and Abuse and Physician Payment Transparency Laws 

In
addition to FDA restrictions on marketing and promotion of drugs and devices, other federal and state laws restrict our business practices.
These laws include, without limitation, foreign, federal, and state anti-kickback and false claims laws, as well as transparency laws
regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers. 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration
(including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind to induce or in return for
purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable,
in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly
interpreted to include anything of value, including stock, stock options, and the compensation derived through ownership interests. 

Recognizing
that the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and may prohibit many innocuous or beneficial arrangements within the healthcare industry,
the United State Department of Health and Human Services DHHS issued regulations in July 1991, which DHHS has referred
to as safe harbors. These safe harbor regulations set forth certain provisions which, if met in form and substance, will
assure medical device manufacturers, healthcare providers and other parties that they will not be prosecuted under the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute. Additional safe harbor provisions providing similar protections have been published intermittently since 1991. Although there
are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and
safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Our arrangements with physicians, hospitals and other persons or entities who are in a position to refer
may not fully meet the stringent criteria specified in the various safe harbors. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged
to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not fall within an exception
or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does
not make the conduct per se illegal under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be
evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the
statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of
federal healthcare covered business, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. In addition, a person or entity does not need
to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Moreover, a claim including
items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes
of the federal civil False Claims Act (described below). 

Violations
of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may result in civil monetary penalties up to 100,000 for each violation, plus up to three times
the remuneration involved. Civil penalties for such conduct can further be assessed under the federal False Claims Act. Violations can
also result in criminal penalties, including criminal fines of up to 100,000 and imprisonment of up to 10 years. Similarly, violations
can result in exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Liability under the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute may also arise because of the intentions or actions of the parties with whom we do business. While we are not aware
of any such intentions or actions, we have only limited knowledge regarding the intentions or actions underlying those arrangements.
Conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy one of these safe harbor provisions may result in increased scrutiny by government
enforcement authorities. The majority of states also have anti-kickback laws which establish similar prohibitions and, in some cases,
may apply more broadly to items or services covered by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers and self-pay patients. 

The
federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used
a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or
demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. The federal civil False Claims Act also applies to false submissions
that cause the government to be paid less than the amount to which it is entitled, such as a rebate. Intent to deceive is not required
to establish liability under the civil federal civil False Claims Act. 

- 20 - 

In
addition, private parties may initiate qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against any person or entity under the federal civil
False Claims Act in the name of the government and share in the proceeds of the lawsuit. Penalties for federal civil False Claim Act
violations include fines for each false claim, plus up to three times the amount of damages sustained by the federal government and,
most critically, may provide the basis for exclusion from government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. On May 20,
2009, the Fraud Enforcement Recovery Act of 2009 FERA ), was enacted, which modifies and clarifies certain provisions of the federal
civil False Claims Act. In part, the FERA amends the federal civil False Claims Act such that penalties may now apply to any person,
including an organization that does not contract directly with the government, who knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used,
a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim paid in part by the federal government. The government may further
prosecute conduct constituting a false claim under the federal criminal False Claims Act. The criminal False Claims Act prohibits the
making or presenting of a claim to the government knowing such claim to be false, fictitious or fraudulent and, unlike the federal civil
False Claims Act, requires proof of intent to submit a false claim. When an entity is determined to have violated the federal civil False
Claims Act, the government may impose civil fines and penalties ranging from 11,181 to 22,363 for each false claim, plus treble damages,
and exclude the entity from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. 

The
Civil Monetary Penalty Act of 1981 imposes penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented
or caused to be presented a claim to a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that
was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent, or offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that
a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable
by the government from a particular provider or supplier. 

HIPAA
also created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting
to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling
or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly
and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement
in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute,
a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation. 

Many
foreign countries have similar laws relating to healthcare fraud and abuse. Foreign laws and regulations may vary greatly from country
to country. For example, the advertising and promotion of our products is subject to EU Directives concerning misleading and comparative
advertising and unfair commercial practices, as well as other EEA Member State legislation governing the advertising and promotion of
medical devices. These laws may limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and may impose
limitations on our promotional activities with healthcare professionals. Also, many U.S. states have similar fraud and abuse statutes
or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid
and other state programs. 

Additionally,
there has been a recent trend of increased foreign, federal, and state regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare
professionals or entities. The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act imposes annual reporting requirements on certain drug, biologics,
medical supplies and device manufacturers for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or Children s Health Insurance
Program CHIP ), for payments and other transfers of value provided by them, directly or indirectly, to physicians (including
physician family members), certain other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests
held by physicians and their immediate family members. A manufacturer s failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the
required information for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties
ranging from 1,000 to 10,000 for each payment or other transfer of value that Is not reported (up to a maximum per annual report of
 150,000) and from 10,000 to 100,000 for each knowing failure to report (up to a maximum per annual report of 1,150,000). Manufacturers
must submit reports by the 90 th day of each calendar year. Certain foreign countries and U.S. states also mandate implementation
of commercial compliance programs, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and require tracking and reporting
of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities. Additionally, there are criminal penalties if
an entity intentionally makes false statement in such reports. With some exceptions, the information that manufacturers report is made
publicly available. 

- 21 - 

Data
Privacy and Security Laws 

We
are also subject to various federal, state and foreign laws that protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including
patient medical records, and restrict the use and disclosure of patient health information by healthcare providers, such as HIPAA, as
amended by HITECH, in the United States. 

HIPAA
established uniform standards governing the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and requires certain entities, called
covered entities, to comply with standards that include the privacy and security of protected health information, or PHI. HIPAA also
requires business associates, such as independent contractors or agents of covered entities that have access to PHI in connection with
providing a service to or on behalf of a covered entity, of covered entities to enter into business associate agreements with the covered
entity and to safeguard the covered entity s PHI against improper use and disclosure. 

The
HIPAA privacy regulations cover the use and disclosure of protected health information by covered entities as well as business associates,
which are defined to include subcontractors that create, receive, maintain, or transmit protected health information on behalf of a business
associate. They also set forth certain rights that an individual has with respect to his or her protected health information maintained
by a covered entity, including the right to access or amend certain records containing protected health information, or to request restrictions
on the use or disclosure of protected health information. The security regulations establish requirements for safeguarding the confidentiality,
integrity, and availability of protected health information that is electronically transmitted or electronically stored. HITECH, among
other things, established certain health information security breach notification requirements. A covered entity must notify any individual
whose protected health information is breached according to the specifications set forth in the breach notification rule. The HIPAA privacy
and security regulations establish a uniform federal floor and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent or provide
individuals with greater rights with respect to the privacy or security of, and access to, their records containing protected health
information or insofar as such state laws apply to personal information that is broader in scope than protected health information as
defined under HIPAA. 

HIPAA
requires the notification of patients, and other compliance actions, in the event of a breach of unsecured protected health information,
or PHI. If notification to patients of a breach is required, such notification must be provided without unreasonable delay and in no
event later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. In addition, if the PHI of 500 or more individuals is improperly used
or disclosed, we would be required to report the improper use or disclosure to DHHS, Office of Civil Rights, which would post the violation
on its website, and to the media. Failure to comply with the HIPAA privacy and security standards can result in civil monetary penalties
up to 59,522 per violation, not to exceed 1,785,651 per calendar year for non-compliance of an identical provision, and, in certain
circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000 per violation and/or imprisonment. 

HIPAA
authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents for violations. Courts are able to award damages, costs
and attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing
individuals to file suit against us in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care
cases in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. In addition, HIPAA mandates that
the Secretary of DHHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities, such as us, and their business associates for compliance
with the HIPAA privacy and security standards. It also tasks DHHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were
the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage of the civil monetary penalty paid by the violator. 

Healthcare
Reform 

Economic,
political and regulatory influences are continuously causing fundamental changes in the healthcare industry in the United States. In
2010, the U.S. Congress enacted and President Obama signed into law, significant reforms to the U.S. healthcare system. These reforms,
contained primarily in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (the PPACA and its companion act, the Health
Care Education and Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Health Reform Laws ), significantly altered the U.S. healthcare
system by authorizing, among many other things: (i) increased access to health insurance benefits for the uninsured and underinsured
populations; (ii) new facilitators and providers of health insurance, as well as new health insurance purchasing access points (i.e.,
exchanges); (iii) incentives for certain employer groups to purchase health insurance for their employees; (iv) opportunities for subsidies
to certain qualifying individuals to help defray the cost of premiums and other out-of-pocket costs associated with the purchase of health
insurance, and over the longer term; and (v) mechanisms to foster alternative payment and reimbursement methodologies focused on outcomes,
quality and care coordination. In addition, certain states in which we operate are periodically considering various healthcare reform
proposals. 

- 22 - 

Since
their passage in 2010, the Health Reform Laws have triggered many changes to the U.S. healthcare system, some of which took effect (e.g.,
the subsequently eliminated individual mandate penalty) while others have continued to be delayed and subsequently repealed (e.g., the
medical device tax). The Health Reform Laws also have faced several challenges and remain subject to ongoing efforts to repeal or modify
the laws. For example, President Trump issued an Executive Order 13765 (Minimizing the Economic Burden of the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act Pending Repeal) on January 20, 2017 granting authority to certain executive departments and agencies to minimize
the economic burden of the PPACA. However, President Biden revoked this Executive Order on January 28, 2021 (as part of President Biden s
Executive Order on Strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act) and directed heads of departments to consider whether to
suspend, revise, or rescind - and, as applicable, publish for notice and comment proposed rules suspending, revising, or rescinding 
actions taken by the Trump Administration which may hinder the operation of the Health Reform Laws. 

Nevertheless,
the core tenets of the Health Reform Laws remain in effect with several exceptions. The individual mandate penalty was eliminated beginning
in 2019 through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. In addition, on December 20, 2019, the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020
was signed into law which repealed several provisions that were included in the Health Reform Laws to pay for the increased federal spending
associated with the Health Reform Laws. Specifically, Congress: (i) repealed the Medical Device Excise Tax, which imposed a 2.3 excise
tax on manufacturers, producers and importers of certain medical devices; (ii) repealed the health insurance tax, which applies to most
fully insured plans, beginning in 2021; and (iii) repealed the so-called Cadillac Tax, which imposed an excise tax of 40 on premiums
for employer-sponsored individuals and families that exceeded a certain minimum threshold. Prior to these changes Congress had passed
a short-term spending bill as part of the Continuing Appropriations Act of 2018 that delayed the implementation of these provisions and
eliminated the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which was a 15- member panel of healthcare experts created by the Health Reform Laws
and tasked with making annual cost-cutting recommendations for Medicare if Medicare spending exceeded a specified growth rate. 

The
Health Reform Laws have also been the subject of litigation. In particular, in 2019, a collection of 20 state governors and state attorneys
general (subsequently two states have dropped out) filed a lawsuit against the federal government in the Northern District of Texas seeking
to enjoin the entire Health Reform Laws following the elimination of the individual mandate penalty. The District Court ruled that without
the penalty the individual mandate was unconstitutional and further held that all other provisions of the Health Reform Laws should be
overturned as well. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit affirmed the trial court s decision; however, instead of deciding
whether the rest of the PPACA must be struck down, the 5th Circuit sent the case back to the trial court for additional analysis. In
March of 2020 the United States Supreme Court agreed to review the case and heard oral arguments on November 10, 2020. On June 17, 2021,
the Supreme Court held that the plaintiffs lacked standing and reversed the Fifth Circuit s judgment in respect to standing, vacated
the Fifth Circuit s judgment, and remanded the case with instructions to dismiss the case. Subsequently the Fifth Circuit vacated
the judgement of the District Court in its entirety and remanded the case to the District Court with instructions to dismiss. The District
Court finally dismissed the case on July 27, 2021. 

In
2021 President Biden issued an Executive Order on Strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act, directing heads of departments
to review and potentially revoke or revise these Trump-era actions. In light of the ongoing efforts to alter the Health Reform Laws,
we are unable at this time to predict the full impact that potential changes will have on our business, including provisions in the Health
Reform Laws related to Medicare payments, mechanisms to foster alternative payment and reimbursement methodologies focused on outcomes,
quality and care coordination, Medicare enrollment and claims submission requirements and revisions to other federal healthcare laws
such as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law and the federal False Claims Act. 

- 23 - 

We
anticipate, however, that federal and state governments will continue to review and assess alternative healthcare delivery systems and
payment methodologies, and that public debate regarding these issues will continue in the future. Changes in the law or new interpretations
of existing laws can have a substantial effect on permissible activities, the relative costs associated with doing business in the healthcare
industry, and the amount of reimbursement available from government and other payors. Any repeal or modification of the Health Reform
Laws may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources and liquidity.
In addition, the potential proposals for alternative legislation to replace the Health Reform Laws may have an adverse impact on our
business. 

Anti-Bribery
and Corruption Laws 

We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ). We are required to comply with the FCPA, which generally prohibits
covered entities and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business or other benefits. In addition, the FCPA imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly
traded U.S. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment
of bribes and other improper payments, and to prevent the establishment of off books slush funds from which such improper
payments can be made. We also are subject to similar anticorruption legislation implemented in Europe under the Organization for Economic
Co-operation and Development s Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 154 full-time employees and 9 part-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a union. We
consider our relations with our employees to be good but we do have a Whistleblower Hotline setup for employees to confidentially report
concerns. Of our current employees, approximately, seven are part of finance and accounting, seven are involved in senior management,
20 in sales and marketing, one in research, development and regulatory and 128 in operations. 

We
value the importance of retention, growth and development of our employees and we believe we offer competitive compensation (including
salary, incentive bonus, and equity) and benefits packages. We traditionally will benchmark compensation with external sources to verify
positions are paid in-line with the market. Our corporate culture is built on passion - we believe in the company s vision of ridding
the world of sleep apnea and hire employees who want to share that same passion. We hold annual company-wide trainings and host regularly
scheduled management meetings where management communicates notable corporate developments to be disseminated to employees, as well as
a periodic corporate all hands meetings. We hire new employees based on merit and qualifications for the job, regardless of ethnicity,
race, gender, religion, sexual preference, or any other non-job related criteria. We thus have created both a diverse and highly skilled
workforce. We will continue to promote a work environment that is based on the fundamental principles of human dignity, equality and
mutual respect. In addition, we are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for all of our employees. In response
to the COVID-19 pandemic, we encouraged employees to work closely with their personal physicians to determine whether or not to receive
the vaccine, and we have followed the most current science with respect to the use of personal protective equipment such as masks, social
distancing, etc. Many employees work remotely and when appropriate, we have limited travel as a result of the pandemic. We will continue
to support our workforce during these unprecedented circumstances to ensure their safety and well-being. 

Corporate
History 

Formation 

We
were originally organized on July 7, 2016 in Wyoming as Corrective BioTechnologies, Inc. On September 6, 2016, we changed our name from
Corrective BioTechnologies, Inc. to Vivos BioTechnologies, Inc. On March 2, 2018, we changed our name from Vivos BioTechnologies, Inc.
to Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. During our formation in 2016, we issued an aggregate of 933,334 shares of common stock to a group of our
founders, including Summit Capital USA (now Upeva, Inc., 666,667 shares), Regal Capital Venture Partners LLC (166,667 shares) and Thomas
P. Madden (100,000 shares) at a purchase price of 0.0003 per share (for an aggregate of 280 of proceeds). 

- 24 - 

Acquisition
of BioModeling Solutions, Inc. and First Vivos, Inc. 

In
August and September 2016, we completed, by way of a share exchange, an agreement to acquire the business and operations of (1) BMS (now
a wholly-owned subsidiary), which was engaged in the manufacture and sale of our patented DNA appliance and FDA cleared
mRNA appliance (collectively with special proprietary treatment modalities that comprises The Vivos Method), and (2)
First Vivos, Inc., a Texas corporation First Vivos ), which proposed to develop and operate a retail chain of Vivos Centers
with specially trained dentists that offer The Vivos Method and corroborating physicians. In connection with the share exchange with
BMS, we issued 3,333,334 shares of common stock to the shareholders of BMS (including, but not limited to, Dr. G. Dave Singh, our founder
and former Chief Medical Officer and director, who received 3,219,705 shares) in exchange for 12,423,500 shares of BMS, which constitutes
100 ownership interest in BMS. In connection with the share exchange with First Vivos, we issued 3,333,334 shares of common stock to
the shareholders of First Vivos (including, but not limited to, R. Kirk Huntsman, our co-founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer, who received 1,833,334 shares) in exchange for 5,000 shares of First Vivos, which constitutes 100 ownership interest in First
Vivos. 

The
transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization, with BMS as the acquirer for financial reporting and accounting
purposes. Upon the consummation of the acquisition, the historical financial statements of BMS became our historical financial statements
and continued to be recorded at their historical carrying amounts. 

Adoption
of Stock and Option Award Plan 

On
April 18, 2019, our stockholders approved the adoption of a stock and option award plan (the 2019 Plan ), under which 333,334
shares were reserved for future issuance for options, restricted stock awards and other equity awards. On June 18, 2020, our stockholders
approved an amendment and restatement of the 2019 Plan to increase the number shares or our common stock available for issuance thereunder
by 833,333 share of common stock such that, after amendment and restatement of the 2019 Plan, 1,166,667 shares of common stock will be
available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and other
independent contractors. 

Approval
of Transfer of Corporate Domicile and Reverse Stock Split 

On
April 18, 2019, our stockholders voted to authorize our Board of Directors to recapitalize our common stock by way of reverse stock split
at a ratio of up to one for three. In addition, on such date, our shareholders also authorized our Board of Directors to transfer our
corporate domicile from Wyoming to another U.S. state. Our Board of Directors elected not to implement the reverse stock split transfer
of corporate domicile at that time. 

Effective
August 12, 2020, we transferred our corporate domicile and became a Delaware corporation pursuant to Section 17-16-1720 of the Wyoming
Business Corporation Act and Section 265 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result of the transfer of corporate domicile,
each share of capital stock of Vivos Wyoming became a share of capital stock of Vivos Delaware on a one-to-one basis, and such shares
shall carry the same terms in all material respects as the shares of Vivos Wyoming. The transfer of corporate domicile has heretofore
been approved by the Board of Directors and majority shareholders of Vivos Wyoming. 

On
July 30, 2020, prior to the transfer of our corporate domicile from Wyoming to Delaware, Vivos Wyoming we implemented a one-for-three
reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock pursuant to which holders of Vivos Wyoming s outstanding common stock received
one share of common stock for every three shares of common stock held. Unless the context expressly dictates otherwise, all references
to share and per share amounts referred to in this Annual Report reflect the reverse stock split. 

Segment
Information 

We
manage our business within one reportable segment. Segment information is consistent with how management reviews our business, makes
investing and resource allocation decisions, and assesses our operating performance. 

- 25 - 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal offices are located at 7921 Southpark Plaza, Suite 210, Littleton, Colorado 80120, and our telephone number is (866) 908-4867.
Our website is www.vivos.com . Our website and the information on or that can be accessed through such website are not part of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at www.vivos.com . You may access our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act with the SEC free
of charge at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC.
The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on our website, and
you should not consider the contents of our website in making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing
in our common stock is highly speculative and involves a significant degree of risk. Before you invest in our securities,
you should give careful consideration to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The occurrence
of any of the adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and adversely harm our business, financial
condition, results of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all
or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

Our
business has a limited operating history, and we continue to refine our business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate our past
performance and future prospects. Moreover, we have recently made significant strategic, operational and staffing changes to our business,
and it is impossible to know how or if such changes will affect future revenue and earnings. 

Our
business was formed only in 2016, and therefore there is limited historical data on which to evaluate our company. This is particularly
true because our current VIP-focused business model only commenced in mid-2018. In addition, since the roll out of our VIP-focused business
model, we have continued to refine our strategies, for example by experimenting with different VIP enrollment and subscription plans
and by adding strategic offerings like OMT. Therefore, there is limited and evolving or differing historical operating data on which
to evaluate the results of and prospects for our current business model. 

We
have a history of operating losses and may never achieve cash flow positive or profitable results of operations. 

Since
our inception, we have not been profitable and have incurred significant losses and cash flow deficits. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 79.5 million and ended the period with approximately 3.5 million in cash assets.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately 23.8 and 20.3 million, respectively.
Net cash used in operating activities amounted to approximately 19.6 million and 15.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total liabilities of approximately 8.9 million. We anticipate that
we will continue to report losses and negative cash flow until we can substantially increase our revenues, which we may be unable to
do. There is therefore a risk that we will be unable to operate our business in a manner that generate positive cash flow or profit,
and our failure to increase our revenues, generate positive cash flow and operate our business profitably would damage our reputation
and stock price. 

- 26 - 

Our
VIP program is a relatively new business model for us, and management has limited experience operating this model. 

Our
VIP program is a relatively new business model for us, and members of our management team have only a few years of experience in operating
our company through this model. As a result, our historical financial results may not be comparable to future results. Also, we are subject
to many risks associated with the VIP business model, some of which we have faced and some which we may be unable to presently identify,
such as risks associated pricing, competition, marketing and regulatory matters. Moreover, our ability to onboard new VIPs may be impeded
by the investments VIPs must make in adapting their practices to the use of The Vivos Method. We cannot assure you that management will
be able to recruit and adopt new VIPs. Any such failure may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We
will need to raise additional capital to fund and grow our business. Such funding, even if obtained, could result in substantial dilution
or significant debt service obligations. We may not be able to obtain additional capital on commercially reasonable terms in a timely
manner or at all, which could adversely affect our liquidity, financial position, and ability to continue operations. 

In
order to fund and grow our business, we will need to obtain additional financing, either through borrowings, private offerings, public
offerings, or some type of business combination, such as a merger, or buyout, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful
in such pursuits. We may be unable to acquire the additional funding necessary to fund our growth or to continue operating. Accordingly,
if we are unable to generate adequate cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary for
us to sell one or more lines of business or all or a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate
operations. Any of these possibilities, to the extent available, may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders
or that result in our investors losing all of their investment in our company. 

Even
if we are able to raise additional capital, we do not know what the terms of any such capital raising would be. In addition, any future
sale of our equity securities would dilute the ownership and control of your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices
at which our shares currently trade. Our inability to raise capital, coupled with our inability to generate adequate cash from operations,
could require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations. We may seek to increase our cash reserves through the sale of
additional equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could result in additional
and potentially substantial dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations
and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity and ability to pay dividends.
In addition, our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. We cannot assure
you that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any failure to raise additional funds on favorable
terms could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. 

Additionally,
during 2022, we actively began a process of reducing staff, eliminating or renegotiating certain vendor contracts, strategically reorganizing
our business and revamping our business model. Further such steps, or even more, may be required before management is satisfied that
we are positioned to succeed or even survive, and there is a risk that we will be unable to implement cost cutting programs effectively. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

In
connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we and our independent
registered public accounting firm identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our material weakness related to the operating
effectiveness of our review controls. Specifically, we did not put the appropriate resources in place to be able to identify technical
accounting issues and perform review functions appropriately. Material errors were also identified in our analysis and review of our
VIP contracts for applicable factors to meet the definition of a contract under ASC 606 Contracts with Customers, step 1, and our evaluation
of our note receivable with respect to our former Orem dental clinic for impairment in accordance with ASC 310 Receivables. 

Furthermore,
in 2022 we did not put the appropriate resources in place to be able to identify technical accounting issues and perform review functions
appropriately related to revenue recognition. Material errors were identified in our ability to determine that its existing revenue recognition
policy was consistent with the guidance in ASC 606. After analyzing contracts using the five-step process in ASC 606, we have determined
that for both VIP enrollment contracts and Orofacial Myofunctional Therapy (MyoCorrect), modifications to our revenue recognition policies
were required in order to identify the performance obligations and recognize the revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied
or over the customer life as applicable. 

- 27 - 

Additionally, we did not put the
appropriate resources in place to be able to identify technical accounting issues and perform review functions appropriately. As a consequence,
we did not effectively design, implement, and operate process-level control activities related to order-to-cash (including revenue, trade
receivables, allowance for doubtful accounts, deferred revenue, and bad debt expense), procure-to-pay (including prepaid expenses), hire-to-pay
(including compensation expense), and leases. These control deficiencies resulted in immaterial misstatements, some of which were corrected,
in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. These control deficiencies, aggregated,
create a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

In
summary, as of December 31, 2022 we identified material weaknesses related to the operating effectiveness of our review controls in
that we did not put the appropriate resources in place to be able to identify and account for technical accounting issues and
perform review functions appropriately. 

If
we are unable to remedy these or similar material weakness that may arise in the future, or if we generally fail to establish and maintain
effective internal controls appropriate for a public company, we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements, and
we may continue to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, which could adversely impact our investors 
confidence and our stock price. Delays in filing our periodic reports have led and could in the future lead to the loss of our ability
to use certain short form registration statements (including shelf registration statements used for more
efficient fundraising). 

We
expect to derive a substantial portion of our prospective future revenue from sales of our appliances and treatments, which leaves us
reliant on the commercial viability of The Vivos Method. 

Currently,
our primary product is The Vivos Method, inclusive of MyoCorrect, our SleepImage HST, and our multidisciplinary protocols
for adjunctive therapy. Our secondary source of revenue is our clinical training and practice support programs, including Billing Intelligence
Services, Airway Intelligence System and AireO 2 . We expect that sales of the component aspects of The Vivos Method and our
services to our VIPs related to the use of such treatments will account for a significant majority of our prospective revenue for the
foreseeable future. We currently market and sell our appliances (which are central to The Vivos Method) primarily in the United States
and Canada, with a very limited presence in Australia. The Vivos Method is different from current surgical and non-surgical treatments
dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring, therefore we cannot assure you that dentists in corroboration with
physicians will use The Vivos Method or become VIPs, and demand for The Vivos Method may decline or may not increase as quickly as we
expect. Also, we cannot assure you that The Vivos Method will compete effectively as a treatment alternative to other more well-known
and well-established therapies, such as CPAP, mandibular advancement, or palatal surgical procedures. Since The Vivos Method currently
represents our primary product, and since our VIP program is our primary means of commercialization, we are significantly reliant on
the level of recurring sales of The Vivos Method treatment and decreased or lower than expected sales or recruitment and integration
of new VIPs would cause us to lose all or substantially all of our revenue. 

A
material portion of our future revenue is expected to derive from sales and enrollments of new dentists into our Vivos Integrated Practice
(VIP) program, including dentists who are part of a Dental Service Organization (DSO) which leaves us reliant on the willingness of dentists
and/or DSO groups to continue to enroll. 

We
believe that The Vivos Method is the first commercially available treatment based on our proprietary technology for the treatment of
dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA. Our success depends both on the sufficient acceptance and adoption by the medical/dental
community of The Vivos Method as a non-invasive treatment for the treatment of dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA.
Currently, a relatively limited number of dentists and other medical clinicians provide treatment with The Vivos Method. We cannot predict
how quickly, if at all, the medical/dental community will accept The Vivos Method, or, if accepted, the extent of its use. For us to
be successful: 

our
 dentist customers and referring physicians must believe that The Vivos Method offers meaningful clinical and economic benefits for
 the treating provider and for the patient as compared to the other surgical and non-surgical procedures or devices currently being
 used to treat individuals with dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and referring physicians must write a prescription
 for the use of a Class II Vivos appliance; 

- 28 - 

our
 dentist customers must believe patients will pay for The Vivos Method out-of-pocket, and patients must believe that paying out-of-pocket
 for treatment in The Vivos Method is the best alternative to either doing nothing or entering into another treatment option; and 

Our
 dentist customers must be willing to pay us for the right to become VIPs and to commit the time and resources required to learn the
 new clinical and technical skills and invest in the technology required to treat patients with dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild
 to moderate OSA using The Vivos Method. Independent dentists as well as dentists affiliated with a DSO may not desire to continue
 to enroll in our VIP or DSO program. 

In
reference to the treatment of mild to moderate OSA and snoring, studies have shown that a significant percentage of people who have OSA
remain undiagnosed and therefore do not seek treatment. Many of those patients who are diagnosed with OSA may be reluctant to seek treatment
because of the significant costs of treatment given the less severe nature of their condition, the potentially negative lifestyle effects
of traditional treatments, and the lack of awareness of new treatment options. If we are unable to increase public awareness of the prevalence
of OSA or if the medical/dental community is slow to adopt or fails to adopt The Vivos Method as a treatment for their patients, we would
suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
failure of large U.S. customers or Dental Service Organizations (DSO) to pay for their purchases of The Vivos Method products and services
on a timely basis could reduce our future sales revenue and negatively impact our liquidity. 

The
timing and extent of our future growth in sales revenue depends, in part, on our ability to continue to increase the number of U.S. dentists
using The Vivos Method, as well as expanding the number of The Vivos Method treatments used by these physicians/dentists. To the extent
one or more of our large U.S. dentist customers or DSO groups fails to pay us on a timely basis, we may be required to discontinue selling
to these organizations and find new customers, which could reduce our future sales revenue and negatively impact our liquidity. 

We
face risks relating to public health conditions such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which could adversely affect our dentist customers, our
business and our results of operations . 

Our
business and prospects have been and could continue to be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or recurrences of COVID-19
(such as has occurred in the fall of 2020 and into 2021 and the first half of 2022) or any other similar diseases in the future. Material
adverse effects from COVID-19 and similar diseases could result in numerous known and currently unknown ways including from quarantines
and lockdowns which impair our marketing and sales efforts to dentists or other medical professionals. During the COVID-19 pandemic,
dental offices throughout the U.S. and Canada shut down for extended periods of time (and may be shut down again due to government mandates
or lockdowns), thus negatively impacting our product revenues. Such dental practice closures disrupted and dislodged significant portions
of the dental workforce, including many hygienists who decided to quit or retire. Such disruptions to dental practices has had a negative
and ongoing impact on our VIP offices ability to educate and inform patients about their OSA and The Vivos Method. The pandemic
and reactions to the pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 and variants of COVID-19 could also impair the timing of obtaining necessary
consents and approvals from the FDA, as its employees could also be under such quarantines and lockdowns and their time could be mandatorily
required to be allocated to more immediate global and domestic concerns relating to COVID-19. In addition, we purchase materials for
our products from suppliers located in affected areas, and we may not be able to procure required components or secure manufacturing
capability. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have also placed travel restrictions on us and our VIPs, as well as temporary closures
of the facilities of our suppliers and our VIPs as non-essential medical and dental procedures have been limited, which could also adversely
impact our business. In addition, a significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread
health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that
could reduce the demand for our products and impair our business prospects including as a result of being unable to raise additional
capital on acceptable terms to us, if at all. 

- 29 - 

We
may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy for our VIPs on a timely basis or at all, which could harm our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
growth of our VIP base depends on our ability to execute our plan to recruit and enroll new VIPs. Our ability to recruit and enroll VIPs
depends on many factors, including our ability to: 

achieve
 brand awareness in new and existing markets; 

convince
 potential VIPs of the value of our products and services and to make the required investments in becoming a VIP and using The Vivos
 Method; 

manage
 costs, which could give rise to delays or cost overruns; 

recruit,
 train, and retain qualified dentists, dental hygienists, physicians, physician assistants, medical technologists and other staff
 in our local markets; 

obtain
 favorable reimbursement rates for services rendered at VIP offices; 

outperform
 competitors; and 

maintain
 adequate information systems and other operational system capabilities. 

demonstrate
 convincingly that the investment of time, training, and money in becoming a VIP will have a tangible and significant ROI for the
 provider. 

Further,
applicable laws, rules and regulations (including licensure requirements) could negatively impact our ability to recruit and enroll VIPs. 

Accordingly,
we may not be able to achieve our planned growth or, even if we are able to grow our VIP base as planned, any new VIPs may not be profitable
or otherwise perform as planned. Failure to successfully implement our growth strategy would likely have an adverse impact on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
long-term success of our VIP program is highly dependent on our ability to successfully identify, recruit and enroll target independent
dental practices as well as to convince other medical professionals to participate in the treatment of OSA with our products and services. 

To
achieve our growth strategy, we will need to identify, recruit, and enroll new VIPs and have them operate on a profitable and recurring
basis. We consider numerous factors in identifying target markets where we can enter or expand. The number and timing of new VIPs enrolled
during any given period may be negatively impacted by several factors including, without limitation: 

the
 identification and availability of attractive practices to be VIPs; 

our
 ability to successfully identify and address pertinent risks and benefits during the onboarding process, including designing, implementing
 and as necessary modifying pricing programs for VIP enrollment and subscription fees that are acceptable to dental practices; 

the
 proximity of VIPs to one of our or our competitors existing centers; 

our
 VIP s ability to obtain required governmental licenses, permits and authorizations on a timely basis; and 

our
 VIP s ability to recruit qualified dentists, dental hygienists, physicians, physician assistants, medical technologists and
 other personnel to staff their practices using The Vivos Method. 

If
we are unable to find and onboard attractive VIPs in existing markets or new markets, our revenue and profitability may be harmed, we
may not be able to implement our growth strategy and our financial results may be negatively affected. 

Moreover,
we have begun to expand marketing and related efforts to medical professional beyond the dentistry community. We may be unable to convince
medical sleep specialists, cardiologists, pediatric sleep specialists, chiropractors, nutritionists and other professionals of the benefits
of The Vivos Method specifically and a multidisciplinary approach to treating OSA in general. Our inability to implementing. 

- 30 - 

Our
future operating results are difficult to predict and may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, which may adversely affect the
price of our common stock. 

Our
limited history of sales of The Vivos Method and VIP enrollments and subscriptions, together with our history of losses, make prediction
of future operating results difficult. You should not rely on our past revenue growth as any indication of future growth rates or operating
results. Our valuation and the price of our securities likely will fall in the event our operating results (notably our revenue growth,
with the goal of achieving cash flow positive and profitable operations) do not meet the expectations of analysts and investors. Comparisons
of our quarterly operating results are an unreliable indication of our future performance because they are likely to vary significantly
based on many factors, including: 

our
 inability to attract demand for and obtain acceptance of The Vivos Method for the treatment of dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild
 to moderate OSA and snoring by both medical professionals and their patients; 

the
 success of alternative therapies and surgical procedures to treat individuals, and the possible future introduction of new products
 and treatments; 

our
 ability to design, implement and as necessary modifying pricing programs for VIP enrollment and subscription fees; 

our
 ability to expand by adding additional VIPs in leading major metro areas; 

the
 expansion and rate of success of our marketing and advertising efforts to both consumers and dentists as well as other medical professionals,
 and the rate of success of our direct sales force in the United States and internationally; 

Failure
 of third-party contract manufacturers to deliver products or provide services in a cost effective and timely manner; 

our
 failure to develop, find or market new products; 

the
 successful completion of current and future clinical studies, and the possibility that the results of any future study may be adverse
 to our product and services, or reveal some heretofore unknown risk to patients from treatment in The Vivos Method; the failure by
 us to make professional presentation and publication of positive outcomes data from these clinical studies, and the increased adoption
 of The Vivos Method by dentists as a result of the data from these clinical studies; 

actions
 relating to ongoing FDA compliance; 

the
 size and timing of orders from dentists and independent distributors; 

our
 ability to obtain reimbursement for The Vivos Method (i.e., billable oral appliances and orofacial myofunctional therapy) in the
 future from third-party healthcare insurers; 

the
 willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket for treatment in The Vivos Method in the absence of reimbursement from third-party healthcare
 insurers, for; decisions by one or more commercial health insurance companies to preclude, deny, limit, reduce, eliminate, or curtain
 reimbursement for treatment in whole or part by The Vivos Method; 

unanticipated
 delays in the development and introduction of our current and future products and/or our inability to control costs; 

the
 effects of global or local pandemics or epidemics and governmental responses, such as COVID-19; 

- 31 - 

seasonal
 fluctuations in revenue due to the elective nature of sleep related breathing disorder treatments for mild to moderate OSA, as well as seasonal fluctuations resulting from adverse weather conditions, earthquakes, floods
 or other acts of nature in certain areas or regions that result in power outages, transportation interruptions, damages to one or
 more of our facilities, food shortages, or other events which may cause a temporary or long-term disruption in patient priorities,
 finances, or other matters; and 

general
 economic conditions as well as those specific to our customers and markets. 

Therefore,
you should expect that our results of operations will be difficult to predict, which will make an investment in our company uncertain. 

Our
MID program may not perform as anticipated or may take longer than expected to gain acceptance. 

Begun
only in 2020, our MID is a new business offering for us, and the model is yet unproven. As a result, actual results may be lower than
expected due to lower than expected referrals and other factors. Also, we are subject to many risks associated with this new business
model that we are unable to presently identify, such as pricing, competition, marketing and regulatory risks. If we fail to adequately
identify and respond to such risks in a timely manner, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
SleepImage home sleep test used in our VivoScore Program is a relatively new technology which may not be utilized by
VIPs to the degree anticipated. 

The
SleepImage HST used in our VivoScore Program is a relatively new technology which could take longer to gain acceptance
within the medical and dental communities. If medical and dental care providers do not utilize this new technology, or if the test is
not as effective as anticipated, the financial results from the program may be lower than currently expected. Also, we are subject to
many risks associated with this new technology that we are unable to presently identify, such as pricing, competition, marketing and
regulatory risks. If we fail to adequately identify and respond to such risks in a timely manner, on our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Moreover,
the design and implementation of our VivoScore Program is new, as the current program arose following our renegotiated agreement with
MyCardio LLC in early 2022. Therefore, we face the risks associated with establishing a new revenue center as the VivoScore Program itself
(under which we lease the SleepImage ring recorder to dentists) may not attract a following sufficient to make the program
a successful revenue generator for us. 

We
may not be able to respond in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in consumer preferences. 

The
Vivos Method is subject to changing consumer preferences. A shift in consumer preferences away from the protocol and products we offer
would result in significantly reduced revenue. Our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to changes
in consumer preferences. Failure to anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences in the products we market could lead to,
among other things, lower sales of products, significant markdowns or write-offs of inventory, increased product returns and lower margins.
If we are not successful in anticipating and responding to changes in consumer preferences, our results of operations in future periods
will be materially adversely impacted. 

Further
clinical studies of our products comprising The Vivos Method may adversely impact our ability to generate revenue if they do not demonstrate
that The Vivos Method is clinically effective. 

We
have conducted, and continue to conduct, a number of clinical studies of the use of The Vivos Method to treat patients with dentofacial
abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA in the United States and Canada. We are involved in a number of ongoing clinical studies evaluating
clinical outcomes from the use of The Vivos Method including prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled studies, as well as clinical
studies that are structured to obtain additional clearances from the FDA for expanded clinical indications for use of The Vivos Method. 

- 32 - 

We
cannot assure you that these clinical studies will continue to demonstrate that The Vivos Method provides clinical effectiveness for
individuals with dentofacial abnormalities and patients diagnosed with mild to moderate OSA, nor can we assure you that the use of The
Vivos Method will prove to be safe and effective in clinical studies under United States or international regulatory guidelines for any
expanded indications. Additional clinical studies of The Vivos Method may identify significant clinical, technical or other obstacles
that will have to be overcome prior to obtaining clearance from the applicable regulatory bodies to market The Vivos Method for such
expanded indications. If further studies of The Vivos Method indicate that it is not a safe and effective, our ability to market The
Vivos Method, and generate substantial revenue from additional sales, may be materially limited. 

Individuals
selected to participate in these further clinical studies must meet certain anatomical and other criteria to participate. We cannot assure
you that an adequate number of individuals can be enrolled in clinical studies on a timely basis. Further, we cannot assure you that
the clinical studies will be completed as planned. A delay in the analysis and publication of the positive outcomes data from these clinical
studies, or the presentation or publication of negative outcomes data from these clinical studies, including data related to approval
of The Vivos Method for expanded indications, may materially impact our ability to increase revenue through sales and negatively impact
our stock price. 

Our
business and results of operations may be impacted by the extent to which patients using The Vivos Method achieve adequate levels of
third-party insurance reimbursement. 

Whenever
practical, The Vivos Method is paid for primarily out-of-pocket by patients, with any available health insurance coverage being reimbursed
if and as paid at a later date, where the patient is being treated for dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA. 

The
cost of treatments for dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA, such as CPAP, and most surgical procedures generally are
covered and reimbursed in whole or part by third-party healthcare insurers. The Vivos Method is a customized protocol often combined
with custom oral appliance therapy, some of which currently qualify for reimbursement. Our ability to generate revenue from additional
sales of The Vivos Method for the treatment of dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA may be materially limited by the
extent to which reimbursement of The Vivos Method is available in the future. In addition, third-party healthcare insurers are increasingly
challenging the prices charged for medical products and procedures. If we are successful in our efforts to obtain reimbursement for the
billable procedures within The Vivos Method, any changes in this reimbursement system could materially affect our ability to continue
to grow our business. 

Reimbursement
and healthcare payment systems in international markets vary significantly by country and reimbursement for the billable procedures within
The Vivos Method may not be available at all under either government or private reimbursement systems. If we are unable to achieve reimbursement
approvals in international markets, it could have a negative impact on market acceptance of The Vivos Method and potential revenue growth
in the markets in which these approvals are sought. 

In
an effort to help expand in-network insurance coverage for The Vivos Method, in December 2022, we announced a collaboration with Nexus
which effectively combines our proprietary out-of-network Billing Intelligence Service with the Nexus in-network medical billing
platform. The goal is to provide both companies medical professional networks with greater access to both in or out-of-network
billing with all major medical insurance companies, facilitating case acceptances, insurance billing procedures and reimbursement. However,
our collaboration with Nexus may not achieve the result of expanding insurance coverage for The Vivos Method, which in turn could have
an adverse effect on our results of operations (particularly if our outlay of resources in connection with the Nexus collaboration exceed
the revenues, if any, generated). 

Our
products and third-party contract manufacturing activities are subject to extensive governmental regulation that could prevent us from
selling our appliances or introducing new and/or improved products in the United States or internationally. 

Our
products and third-party contract manufacturing activities are subject to extensive regulation by several governmental agencies, including
the FDA and comparable international regulatory bodies. We are required to: 

obtain
 clearance from the FDA and certain international regulatory bodies before we can market and sell our products; 

- 33 - 

satisfy
 all content requirements for the sales and promotional materials associated with The Vivos Method; and 

undergo
 rigorous inspections of our facilities, manufacturing and quality control processes, records and documentation. 

Compliance
with the rules and regulations of these various regulatory bodies have created regulatory challenges for us in the past and may delay
or prevent us from introducing any new models of The Vivos Method or other new products. In addition, government regulations may be adopted
that could prevent, delay, modify or rescind regulatory clearance or approval of our products. 

Our
contract manufacturing labs are further required to demonstrate compliance with the FDA s quality system regulations. The FDA enforce
their quality system regulations through pre-approval and periodic post-approval inspections by representatives from the FDA. These regulations
relate to product testing, vendor qualification, design control and quality assurance, as well as the maintenance of records and documentation.
If we fail to conform to these regulations, the FDA may take actions that could seriously harm our business. These actions include sanctions,
including temporary or permanent suspension of our operations, product recalls and marketing restrictions. A recall or other regulatory
action could substantially increase our costs, damage our reputation and materially affect our operating results. 

Our
products are currently not recommended by most medical sleep specialists, who are integral to the diagnosis and treatment of sleep breathing
disorders. 

The
majority of patients being treated today for OSA, domestically and internationally, are initially referred to pulmonologists or other
sleep specialists by their primary care physicians. Pulmonologists or other sleep specialists typically administer a polysomnogram, or
overnight sleep study, to diagnose the presence and severity of OSA. If an individual is diagnosed with OSA by a qualified medical doctor,
CPAP is typically prescribed as the therapy of choice. Although we offer The Vivos Method through our VIPs, our domestic sales organization
does not generally call on sleep specialists or third-party sleep centers to sell The Vivos Method, and we do not believe that most qualified
sleep specialists today would recommend The Vivos Method to their patients with mild to moderate OSA. We cannot predict the extent to
which medical doctors will, in the future, endorse or recommend our protocol to their patients, even for those who are unwilling or unable
to comply with other alternative therapies. 

We
face significant competition in the rapidly changing market for treating mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults, and we may be unable
to manage or respond to competitive pressures. 

The
market for treating mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults, is highly competitive and evolving rapidly. According to the
American Sleep Apnea Association, over 100 different oral appliances are FDA cleared for the treatment of snoring and mild to
moderate obstructive sleep apnea. The Vivos Method must compete with more established products, treatments and surgical procedures,
which may limit our growth and negatively affect our business. Many of our competitors have an established presence in the field and
have established relationships with pulmonologists, sleep clinics and ear, nose and throat specialists, which play a significant
role in determining which product, treatment or procedure is recommended to the patient. We believe certain of our competitors are
attempting to develop innovative approaches and new products for diagnosing and treating OSA and other sleep related breathing
disorder conditions. We cannot predict the extent to which ENTs, oral maxillofacial surgeons, primary care physicians or
pulmonologists would or will recommend The Vivos Method over new or other established devices, treatments or procedures. 

Moreover,
we are in the early stages of implementing our business plan and have limited resources with which to market, develop and sell The Vivos
Method. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do, including larger research and development
staffs who have more experience and capability in conducting research and development activities, testing products in clinical trials,
obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing, marketing, selling, and distributing products. Some of our competitors may achieve
patent protection, regulatory approval, or product commercialization more quickly than we do, which may decrease our ability to compete.
If we are unable to be competitive in the market for OSA, our revenue will decline, which would negatively affect our results of operations. 

- 34 - 

The
Vivos Method may become obsolete if we are unable to anticipate and adapt to rapidly changing technology. 

The
medical device industry is subject to rapid technological innovation and, consequently, the life cycle of any particular product can
be short. Alternative products, procedures or other discoveries and developments to treat dentofacial abnormalities and/or OSA may render
The Vivos Method obsolete. Furthermore, the greater financial and other resources of many of our competitors may permit them to respond
more rapidly than we can to technological advances. If we fail to develop new technologies, products, or procedures to upgrade or improve
our existing treatments to respond to a changing market before our competitors are able to do so, our ability to market our products
and protocol and generate substantial revenue may be limited. 

Our
international sales are subject to a number of risks that could seriously harm our ability to successfully commercialize The Vivos Method
in international markets. 

We
do not have significant international sales outside of Canada, although we hope to more broadly introduce The Vivos Method into international
markets. Our ability to generate international sales is subject to several risks, including: 

our
 ability to obtain appropriate regulatory approvals to market The Vivos Method in certain countries; 

our
 ability to identify new independent third-party distributors in international markets where we do not currently have distributors; 

the
 impact of recessions in economies outside the United States; 

greater
 difficulty in negotiating with socialized medical systems, maintaining profit margins comparable to those achieved in the United
 States, collecting accounts receivable, and longer collection periods; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs or other trade barriers; 

weaker
 intellectual property rights protection in some countries; 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences; and 

political
 and economic instability. 

The
occurrence of any of these events could seriously harm our future international sales and our ability to successfully commercialize our
products in international markets, thereby limiting our growth and revenue. 

We
depend on a few suppliers for key components, making us vulnerable to supply shortages and price fluctuation. 

We
purchase components for The Vivos Method from a variety of vendors on a purchase order basis; we have no long-term supply contracts with
any of our vendors. While it is our goal to have multiple sources to procure certain key components, in some cases it is not economically
practical or feasible to do so. To mitigate this risk, we maintain an awareness of alternate supply sources that could provide our currently
single-sourced components with minimal or no modification to the current version of The Vivos Method, practice supply chain management,
maintain safety stocks of critical components and have arrangements with our key vendors to manage the availability of critical components.
Despite these efforts, if our vendors are unable to provide us with an adequate supply of components in a timely manner, or if we are
unable to locate qualified alternate vendors for components at a reasonable cost, the cost of our products would increase, the availability
of our products to our customers would decrease and our ability to generate revenue could be materially limited. 

- 35 - 

There
are risks associated with outsourced production that may hurt our results of operations. 

We
outsource the manufacture of substantially all our products to third-party manufacturers on a case-by-case basis. By law, the selection
of the manufacturer is at the sole discretion of the treating dentist. However, we select our approved and certified manufacturers by
training and screening them in advance based on their capabilities, supply capacity, reputation, regulatory registration and compliance,
and other relevant traits. Most of these manufacturers are located in the U.S., but at least one important manufacturer is located in
South Korea, and other smaller manufacturers are located in Canada. In any case, the possibility of delivery delays, product defects,
import or customs blockages, and other production-side risks stemming from outsourcers creates the risk that our expenses associated
with these issues could unexpectedly increase in any period. In addition, inadequate production capacity among outsourced manufacturers
could result in our being unable to supply enough product amid periods of high product demand, the opportunity costs of which could be
substantial. All of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
do not have any long-term contracts with manufacturers, suppliers or other service providers for our products. Our business would be
harmed if manufacturers and service providers are unable to deliver products or provide services in a timely and cost-effective manner,
or if we are unable to timely fulfill orders. 

We
do not have any long-term contracts with contract manufacturers, suppliers or other service providers for our products. We do not anticipate
that this will change. As a result, if any manufacturer or supplier is unable, either temporarily or permanently, to manufacture or deliver
products or provide services to us in a timely and cost-effective manner, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. Our ability to provide effective customer service and efficiently fulfill orders for merchandise depends,
to a large degree, on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of the manufacturing and related call centers, distribution centers,
and management information systems, some of which are run by third parties. Any material disruption or slowdown in manufacturing, order
processing or fulfillment systems resulting from strikes or labor disputes, telephone down times, electrical outages, mechanical problems,
human error or accidents, fire, natural disasters, adverse weather conditions or comparable events could cause delays in our ability
to receive and fulfill orders and may cause orders to be lost or to be shipped or delivered late. As a result, these disruptions could
adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations in future periods. 

We
depend on our patents and proprietary technology, which we may not be able to protect. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for The Vivos Method components and the confidentiality
of proprietary clinical treatments. Our success further depends on our ability to obtain and maintain trademark protection for our name
and mark; to preserve our trade secrets and know-how; and to operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

We
cannot assure investors that we will continue to innovate and file new patent applications, or that if filed any future patent applications
will result in granted patents We cannot assure you that any of our patents pending will result in issued patents, that any current or
future patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, that the scope of any of our patents will exclude competitors or
that the patent rights granted to us will provide us any competitive advantage or protect our products. The patent position of device
companies, including ours, is generally uncertain and involves complex legal and factual considerations and, therefore, validity and
enforceability cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated or circumvented. We will
be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies,
treatments and any future products are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. 

- 36 - 

Any
patents we have obtained or do obtain may be challenged by re-examination or otherwise invalidated or eventually found unenforceable.
Both the patent application process and the process of managing patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive. If we were to initiate
legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent related to one of our products, the defendant in such litigation could counterclaim
that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or
unenforceability are commonplace, as are validity challenges by the defendant against the subject patent or other patents before the
United States Patent and Trademark Office (or USPTO). Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several
statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement, failure to meet the written description requirement,
indefiniteness, and/or failure to claim patent eligible subject matter. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation
that someone connected with prosecution of the patent intentionally withheld material information from the USPTO, or made a misleading
statement, during prosecution. Additional grounds for an unenforceability assertion include an allegation of misuse or anticompetitive
use of patent rights, and an allegation of incorrect inventorship with deceptive intent. Third parties may also raise similar claims
before the USPTO even outside the context of litigation. The outcome is unpredictable following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability.
With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that no invalidating prior art existed of which we and the patent
examiner were unaware during prosecution. These assertions may also be based on information known to us or the USPTO. If a defendant
or third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all,
of the claims of the challenged patent. Such a loss of patent protection would or could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

The
standards that the USPTO (and foreign equivalents) use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change.
There is also no uniform, worldwide policy regarding the subject matter and scope of claims granted or allowable in device patents. Accordingly,
we do not know the degree of future protection for our proprietary rights or the breadth of claims that will be allowed in any patents
issued to us or to others. 

However,
there can be no assurance that our technology will not be found in the future to infringe upon the rights of others or be infringed upon
by others. Moreover, patent applications are in some cases maintained in secrecy until patents are issued. The publication of discoveries
in the scientific or patent literature frequently occurs substantially later than the date on which the underlying discoveries were made
and patent applications were filed. Because patents can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications of which
we are unaware that may later result in issued patents that our products or product candidates infringe. For example, pending applications
may exist that provide support or can be amended to provide support for a claim that results in an issued patent that our product infringes.
In such a case, others may assert infringement claims against us, and should we be found to infringe upon their patents, or otherwise
impermissibly utilize their intellectual property, we might be forced to pay damages, potentially including treble damages, if we are
found to have willfully infringed on such parties patent rights. In addition to any damages we might have to pay, we may be required
to obtain licenses from the holders of this intellectual property. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses or intellectual property
rights on commercially reasonable terms. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors
access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop
or license replacement technology. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected products, which
could materially harm our business and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting
our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. Conversely,
we may not always be able to successfully pursue our claims against others that infringe upon our technology. Thus, the proprietary nature
of our technology or technology licensed by us may not provide adequate protection against competitors. 

In
addition to patents, we rely on trademarks to protect the recognition of our company and product in the marketplace. We also rely on
trade secrets, know-how, and proprietary knowledge that we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality agreements with employees,
consultants and others. We cannot assure you that our proprietary information will not be shared, our confidentiality agreements will
not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known to or
independently developed by competitors. 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information and disclosure
of our trade secrets or proprietary information could compromise any competitive advantage that we have, which could have a materially
adverse effect on our business. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary rights to the technologies used in our products and our proprietary
clinical treatments. We depend heavily upon confidentiality agreements with our officers, employees, consultants and subcontractors to
maintain the proprietary nature of our technology and our proprietary clinical treatments. These measures may not afford us complete
or even sufficient protection, and may not afford an adequate remedy in the event of an unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
If we fail to protect and/or maintain our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us, we
may lose our technological or competitive advantage, and/or we may incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict
use of our intellectual property. In addition, others may independently develop technology similar to ours, otherwise avoiding the confidentiality
agreements, or produce patents that would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations in which event and you could lose all of your investment. 

- 37 - 

The
United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has recently put forward a new policy proposal, currently undergoing public comment and
review, that if implemented in its current form, would ban the enforcement of restrictive covenant agreements for employees, thereby
making it almost impossible for us to protect our trade secrets and know-how. In that event, we would likely experience a loss of control
and confidentiality over our core intellectual property, with unknown consequences. 

We
may face intellectual property infringement claims that would be costly to resolve. 

There
has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry, and our competitors
and others may initiate intellectual property litigation, including as a means of competition. Intellectual property litigation is complex
and expensive, and outcomes are difficult to predict. We cannot assure you that we will not become subject to patent infringement claims
or litigation, or interference proceedings, to determine the priority of inventions. Litigation or regulatory proceedings also may be
necessary to enforce our patent or other intellectual property rights. We may not always have the financial resources to assert patent
infringement suits or to defend ourselves from claims. An adverse result in any litigation could subject us to liabilities, or require
us to seek licenses from or pay royalties to others that may be substantial. Furthermore, we cannot predict the extent to which the necessary
licenses would be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. 

Our
failure to secure trademark registrations could adversely affect our ability to market our products and operate our business. 

Our
trademark applications in the United States and any other jurisdictions where we may file may not be allowed registration, and we may
not be able to maintain or enforce our registered trademarks. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although
we are given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and
in corresponding foreign agencies, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel
registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our applications and/or registrations, and our applications
and/or registrations may not survive such proceedings. Failure to secure such trademark registrations in the United States and in foreign
jurisdictions could adversely affect our ability to market our products and our business. 

We
may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

As
is common in the medical device industry, we may employ individuals who were previously employed at other companies similar to ours,
including our competitors or potential competitors. We may become subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or
otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to
defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs
and be a distraction to management. 

We
face the risk of product liability claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and harm our reputation and business. 

Our
business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the testing manufacturing and marketing of medical devices.
This risk exists even if a device is registered, cleared and approved for commercial sale by the FDA and manufactured in facilities licensed
and regulated by the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory authority. Any side effects, manufacturing defects, misuse or abuse associated
with use of our appliance could result in patient injury or death. The medical device industry has historically been subject to extensive
litigation over product liability claims, and we cannot offer any assurance that we will not face product liability suits. We may be
subject to product liability claims if the use of our appliance may cause, or merely appeared to have caused, patient injury or death.
In addition, an injury that is caused by the activities of our suppliers, such as those who provide us with components and raw materials,
may be the basis for a claim against us. Product liability claims may be brought against us by patients, healthcare providers or others
selling or otherwise coming into contact with our appliances, among others. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product
liability claims, we will incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome,
product liability claims may result in: 

costs
 of litigation; 

- 38 - 

distraction
 of management s attention from our primary business; 

the
 inability to commercialize our appliances or new products; 

decreased
 demand and brand reputation for our appliances; 

product
 recalls or withdrawals from the market; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

substantial
 monetary awards to patients or other claimants; or 

loss
 of sales. 

Any
recall or market withdrawal of our products may delay the supply of those products to our customers and may impact our reputation. We
can provide no assurance that we will be successful in initiating appropriate market recall or market withdrawal efforts that may be
required in the future or that these efforts will have the intended effect of preventing product malfunctions and the accompanying product
liability that may result. Such recalls and withdrawals may also be used by our competitors to harm our reputation for safety or be perceived
by patients as a safety risk when considering the use of our products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to maintain adequate product liability insurance. 

Our
product liability and clinical study liability insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations. Our product liability insurance
may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and, if available, coverage may not be adequate to protect us
against any future product liability claims. If we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms or otherwise
protect against potential product liability claims, we could be exposed to significant liabilities. A product liability claim, recall
or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
bear the risk of warranty claims on our appliances. 

We
bear the risk of warranty claims on our appliances. We may not be successful in claiming recovery under any warranty or indemnity provided
to us by our suppliers or vendors in the event of a successful warranty claim against us by a customer or that any recovery from such
vendor or supplier would be adequate. In addition, warranty claims brought by our customers related to third-party components may arise
after our ability to bring corresponding warranty claims against such suppliers expires, which could result in costs to us. 

Our
sales and marketing efforts may not be successful. 

We
currently market and sell our appliances and associated treatments and services to a limited number of licensed professionals, primarily
general dentists. Less than 1 of the general dentists in the U.S. have been trained and certified in The Vivos Method. The commercial
success of The Vivos Method ultimately depends upon a number of factors, including the number of dentists who use The Vivos Method, the
number of Vivos appliances used by these dentists, the number of patients who become aware of The Vivos Method by self-referral or referrals
by their primary care physicians, the number of patients who elect to use The Vivos Method, and the number of patients who, having successfully
used The Vivos Method, endorse and refer The Vivos Method to other potential patients. The Vivos Method may not gain significant increased
market acceptance among physicians/dentists who use it or who refer their patients, other patients, third-party healthcare insurers and
managed care providers. We believe that primary care physicians typically elect to refer individuals to pulmonologists or other physicians
who treat sleep disordered breathing, and these physicians may not recommend The Vivos Method to patients for any number of reasons,
including safety and clinical efficacy, the availability of alternative procedures and treatment options, or inadequate levels of reimbursement.
In addition, while positive patient experiences can be a significant driver of future sales, it is impossible to influence the manner
in which this information is transmitted and received, the choices potential patients may make and the recommendations that treating
physicians make to their patients. 

- 39 - 

Although
we sell our product directly to our corporate-owned and independent VIP practices, our experience in marketing and selling The Vivos
Method or VIP program through a direct sales organization in the United States is limited. We may not be able to maintain a suitable
sales force in the United States or train up a suitable number of VIPs, or enter into or maintain satisfactory marketing and distribution
arrangements with others. Our marketing and sales efforts may not be successful in increasing awareness and sales of The Vivos Method.
In addition, other marketing efforts like MID and our collaborations with Candid and Empower Sleep may not increase revenue to the extent
we currently anticipate. 

In
addition, we conduct our targeted marketing efforts in neighborhoods through channels such as direct mail, billboards, radio advertisements,
physician open houses, community sponsorships and various social media. These marketing and sales efforts may not be successful in increasing
awareness and sales of The Vivos Method, and if we are not successful in these efforts, we will have incurred expenses without materially
increasing revenue. Furthermore, other marketing efforts like MID and the VivoScore Program may not increase revenue to the extent we
currently anticipate. 

The
failure to educate or train a sufficient number of physicians and dentists in the use of The Vivos Method could reduce the market acceptance
and reduce our revenue. 

It
is critical to the success of our sales efforts that there is an increasing number of dentists familiar with, trained in, and proficient
in the use of The Vivos Method. Currently, dentists learn to use The Vivos Method through hands-on, on-site training or virtual training
by our representatives. However, to receive this training, dentists must be aware of The Vivos Method as a treatment option for dentofacial
abnormalities and/or mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults and be interested in using the protocol in their practice. We cannot
predict the extent to which dentists will dedicate the time and energy necessary for adequate training in the use of our proprietary
treatments, have the knowledge of or experience in the clinical outcomes or feel comfortable enough to recommend it to their patients.
Even if a dentist is well versed in The Vivos Method, he or she may be unwilling to require patients to pay for it out-of-pocket. If
dentists do not continue to accept and recommend The Vivos Method, our revenue could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers for the manufacture and assembly of our products, and a loss or degradation
in performance of these suppliers and contract manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers for the raw materials and components used in our appliances and to manufacture
and assemble our products. Any of our other suppliers or our third-party contract manufacturers may be unwilling or unable to supply
the necessary materials and components or manufacture and assemble our products reliably and at the levels we anticipate or that are
required by the market. Our ability to supply our products commercially and to develop any future products depends, in part, on our ability
to obtain these materials, components and products in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities for commercialization
and clinical testing. While our suppliers and contract manufacturers have generally met our demand for their products and services on
a timely basis in the past, we cannot guarantee that they will in the future be able to meet our demand for their products, either because
of acts of nature, the nature of our agreements with those manufacturers or our relative importance to them as a customer, and our manufacturers
may decide in the future to discontinue or reduce the level of business they conduct with us. If we are required to change contract manufacturers
due to any change in or termination of our relationships with these third parties, or if our manufacturers are unable to obtain the materials
they need to produce our products at consistent prices or at all, we may lose sales, experience manufacturing or other delays, incur
increased costs or otherwise experience impairment to our customer relationships. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to establish
alternative relationships on similar terms, without delay or at all. 

- 40 - 

Establishing
additional or replacement suppliers for any of these materials, components or services, if required, could be time-consuming and expensive,
may result in interruptions in our operations and product delivery, may affect the performance specifications of our appliances or could
require that we modify its design. Even if we are able to find replacement suppliers or third-party contract manufacturers, we will be
required to verify that the new supplier or third-party manufacturer maintains facilities, procedures and operations that comply with
our quality expectations and applicable regulatory requirements. 

If
our third-party suppliers fail to deliver the required commercial quantities of materials on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable
prices, and we are unable to find one or more replacement suppliers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost in substantially
equivalent volumes and quality on a timely basis, the continued commercialization of our appliances, the supply of our products to customers
and the development of any future products will be delayed, limited or prevented, which could have material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Damage
to our reputation or our brand could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
must grow the value of our brand to be successful. We intend to develop a reputation based on the high quality of our products and services,
Vivos trained clinicians, as well as on our particular culture and the experience of the patients of our VIPs. If we do not make investments
in areas such as marketing and advertising, as well as personnel training, the value of our brand may not increase or may be diminished.
Any incident, real or perceived, regardless of merit or outcome, that adversely affects our brand, such as, but not limited to, patient
disability or death due to malpractice or allegations of malpractice, failure to comply with federal, state, or local regulations, including
allegations or perceptions of non-compliance or failure to comply with ethical and operational standards, could significantly reduce
the value of our brand, expose us to negative publicity and damage our overall business and reputation. 

Our
marketing activities may not be successful. 

We
incur costs and expend other resources in our marketing efforts to attract and retain VIPs and other medical professionals. Our marketing
activities to date have had limited impact in terms of overall market penetration, and have been principally focused on increasing brand
awareness in the communities in which we provide services. We expect to continue to undertake aggressive marketing campaigns to increase
medical and dental community awareness about our product and service capabilities. We conduct our marketing efforts in local areas primarily
through various social media and online channels, radio advertisements, physician referrals, other professional referrals, and community
event sponsorships. If we are not successful in these efforts, we will have incurred expenses without materially increasing revenue. 

The
OSA market is highly competitive, including competition for patients, strategic relationships, and commercial payor contracts. 

The
market for providing treatment for OSA is highly competitive. Our VIP offices and our VIPs face competition from existing facilities
providing treatment for OSA, depending on the type of patient and geographic market. Our VIPs compete on the basis of our protocol/products
 (The Vivos Method), quality, price, accessibility, and overall experience. We compete with national, regional, and local enterprises,
many of which have greater financial and other resources available to them, greater access to dentists and physicians or greater access
to potential patients. We also compete on the basis of our multistate, regional footprint, which we believe will be of value to both
employers and third-party payors. As a result of the differing competitive factors within the markets in which we operate and will operate,
the individual results of our VIP offices may be volatile. If we are unable to compete effectively with any of these entities or groups,
or we are unable to implement our business strategies, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of
operations and financial condition. 

- 41 - 

We
have limited clinical evidence to support patient compliance with the use our products is superior to competitive products. 

We
believe that our non-surgical treatment of limited duration is preferable relative to mild to moderate OSA CPAP users or other oral appliance
or surgical therapies, resulting in improved patient compliance. However, we have limited clinical evidence to support our beliefs that
patient compliance in the use of our products as well as actual clinical outcomes are superior to competitive products. If actual patient
compliance as studied in a clinical trial (should we conduct one) proves less than what we had anticipated, the acceptance of
The Vivos Method in the marketplace, and our revenues and overall results of operations, may be adversely impacted. 

Government
healthcare programs may reduce reimbursement rates, which could adversely affect sales of our appliances and demand for dental practitioners
from becoming or remaining VIPs. 

In
recent years, new legislation has been proposed and adopted at both the federal and state level that is effecting major changes in the
healthcare system. Any change in the laws, regulations, or policies governing the healthcare system could adversely affect reimbursement
rates, which could adversely affect sales of our appliances and thus adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Enacted
in 2010, the Affordable Care Act (or ACA) seeks to expand healthcare coverage, while increasing quality and limiting costs. The ACA substantially
changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and commercial payors. As a result of the ACA or the adoption of additional
federal and state healthcare reforms measures there could be limits to the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare
services, which could result in reduced demand for, or profitability of our appliances and for dental practitioners from becoming or
remaining VIPs. 

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of healthcare products. The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and
reimbursement for medical devices vary widely from country to country. In the United States, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, is significantly changing the way healthcare
is financed by both governmental and private insurers. While we cannot predict what impact on federal reimbursement policies this law
or any amendment to it will continue to have in general or specifically on The Vivos Method or any product that we commercialize, the
ACA or any such amendment may result in downward pressure on reimbursements, which could negatively affect market acceptance of The Vivos
Method. In addition, although the United States Supreme Court has upheld the constitutionality of most of the ACA, several states have
not implemented certain sections of the ACA, including 19 that have rejected the expansion of Medicaid eligibility for low-income citizens,
and some members of the U.S. Congress are still working to repeal the ACA. We expect that the ACA, as currently enacted or as it may
be amended or repealed in the future, and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, could have a material adverse
effect on our industry generally and on our ability to successfully commercialize our products. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature
or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad.
If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or our
collaborators are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our products may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained
and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 

If
payments from commercial or governmental payors are significantly delayed, reduced or eliminated, our business, prospects, results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We
will depend upon revenue from sales of the billable procedures from The Vivos Method, and in turn on reimbursement from third-party payors.
The amount that our VIPs receive in payment for the billable procedures may be adversely affected by factors we do not control, including
federal or state regulatory or legislative changes, cost-containment decisions and changes in reimbursement schedules of third-party
payors. Any reduction or elimination of these reimbursements could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally,
the reimbursement process is complex and can involve lengthy delays. Also, third-party payors may reject, in whole or in part, requests
for reimbursement based on determinations that certain amounts are not reimbursable under plan coverage, that services provided were
not medically necessary, that additional supporting documentation is necessary, or for other reasons. Retroactive adjustments by third-party
payors may be difficult or cost prohibitive to appeal, and such changes could materially reduce the actual amount we receive from our
VIPs. Delays and uncertainties in the reimbursement process may be out of our control and may adversely affect our business, prospects,
results of operations and financial condition. 

- 42 - 

Significant
changes in our payor mix resulting from fluctuations in the types of patients seen by our VIPs could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
results may change from period to period due to fluctuations in our VIPs payor mix. Payor mix refers to the relative amounts we
receive from the mix of persons or entities that pay or reimburse our VIPs for healthcare services. Because we believe that our VIPs
will receive a higher payment rate from commercial payors than from governmental payors or self-pay patients, a significant shift in
our payor mix toward a higher percentage of self-pay or patients whose treatment is paid in whole or part by a governmental payor, could
occur for reasons beyond our control and could lessen demand for The Vivos Method, which in turn could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure
by our Billing Intelligence Service to bill timely or accurately for billable services rendered by participating VIP providers could
have a negative impact on our revenue and cash flow. 

Billing
for medical services rendered in connection with billable procedures of The Vivos Method is often complex and time consuming. The practice
of providing dental or medical services in advance of payment or prior to assessing a patient s ability to pay for such services
may have a significant negative impact on a VIP provider s patient service revenue, bad debt expense and cash flow. Not all our
VIPs subscribe to our Billing Intelligence Service. For VIPs who do subscribe, we bill numerous medical payors, including various forms
of commercial health insurance providers on their behalf. Billing requirements that must be met prior to receiving payment for services
rendered often vary by payor. Self-pay patients and third-party payors may fail to pay for services even if they have been properly billed.
Reimbursement is typically dependent on providing the proper procedure and diagnosis codes, supportive documentation to show medical
necessity. Medical insurance is never a guarantee of payment. 

Additional
factors that could affect our ability to collect from insurers for the services rendered by our participating VIP providers include: 

disputes
 among payors as to which party is responsible for payment; 

variations
 in coverage among various payors for similar services; 

the
 difficulty of adherence to specific compliance requirements, coding and various other procedures mandated by responsible parties; 

the
 institution of new coding standards; and 

failure
 to properly credential a dentist to enable them to bill various payors. 

The
complexity associated with billing for The Vivos Method procedures may lead to delays in cash collections by our VIPs, resulting in increased
carrying costs associated with the aging of our accounts receivable as well as the increased potential for bad debt expense. 

We
may incur costs resulting from security risks in connection with the electronic data processing by our partner banks. 

Because
we accept electronic payment cards for payments at our facilities and the facilities of our VIPs, we may incur costs resulting from related
security risks in connection with the electronic processing of confidential information by our partner banks. Recently, several large
national banks have experienced potential or actual breaches in which similar data has been or may have been stolen. Such occurrences
could cause patient dissatisfaction resulting in decreased visits or could also distract our management team from the management of the
day-to-day operations. 

Our
relationships with VIPs, other healthcare providers, and third-party payors will be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state
healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare laws and regulations.
If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

Healthcare
providers (including our VIPs), physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere will play a primary role in the
recommendation of The Vivos Method. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, principal investigators, consultants,
customers and third-party payors may subject us to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws and other health care laws, including,
without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal civil and criminal false claims laws and the law commonly referred
to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act and regulations. These laws will impact, among other things, our clinical research, sales,
marketing and educational programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy laws by both the federal government and the states
in which we conduct or may conduct our business. The laws that will affect our operations include, but are not limited to: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting,
 receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly,
 in cash or in kind, in return for the purchase, recommendation, leasing or furnishing of an item or service reimbursable under a
 federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements
 between medical device manufacturers on the one hand, and physicians and patients on the other. The Patient Protection and Affordable
 Care Act, as amended (or the PPACA), amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and, as a result, a person
 or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it; 

- 43 - 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws, including, without limitation, the False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws which
 prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or
 approval from Medicare, Medicaid or other government payors that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease
 or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The PPACA provides, and recent government cases against medical
 device manufacturers support, the view that federal Anti-Kickback Statute violations and certain marketing practices, including off-label
 promotion, may implicate the False Claims Act; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which created new federal criminal statutes that
 prohibit a person from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or making false or fraudulent statements to defraud any healthcare
 benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private); 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and its implementing regulations,
 and as amended again by the final HIPAA omnibus Rule, Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement, and Breach Notification
 Rules Under HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; Other Modifications to HIPAA, published in January 2013, which
 imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without
 appropriate authorization by entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, health care clearinghouses and health care providers,
 and their respective business associates; 

Federal
 transparency laws, including the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which is part of the PPACA, that require certain manufacturers
 of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s
 Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (or CMS),
 information related to: (i) payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals;
 and (ii) ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

state
 and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, state laws that require manufacturers to report information related
 to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, and state laws that
 require medical device companies to comply with the specific industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance
 guidance promulgated by the federal government or to adopt compliance programs as prescribed by state laws and regulations, or that
 otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; and 

- 44 - 

state
 and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each
 other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. 

It
is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations
or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and
administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion of our products from government funded healthcare programs,
such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement
or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 

The
risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the
regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Efforts to ensure that our business
arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action
against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses
and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build
and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements
increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 

The
misuse or off-label use of The Vivos Method may harm our reputation in the marketplace, result in injuries that lead to product liability
suits or result in costly investigations, fines or sanctions by regulatory bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in the promotion of
these uses, any of which could be costly to our business. 

We
train our marketing personnel and direct sales force to not promote the oral appliances of The Vivos Method for uses outside of the FDA-cleared
indications for use, known as off-label uses. We cannot, however, prevent a medical professional from using our appliances off label
when, in their independent professional medical judgment, he or she deems it appropriate. There may be increased risk of injury or other
side effects to patients if physicians attempt to use our appliances and associated treatments off label. Furthermore, the use of our
appliances and associated treatments for indications other than those cleared by the FDA or cleared by any foreign regulatory body may
not effectively treat such conditions, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients. 

Given
that we are aware that, notwithstanding our training guidelines, our independent VIPs may use our appliances off-label, there is a risk
that we could face regulatory scrutiny because of such use. If the FDA or any foreign regulatory body determines that our promotional
(labeling) materials or training constitute promotion of an off-label use, it could request that we modify our training or promotional
materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance or imposition of an untitled letter, which is used
for violations that do not necessitate a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. It is also possible that
other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action under other regulatory authority, such as false claims laws,
if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant penalties, including,
but not limited to, criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government
healthcare programs and the curtailment of our operations. 

In
addition, dentists may misuse our appliances within The Vivos Method or use improper techniques if they are not adequately trained or
if they deviate in their techniques or protocols from those we promulgate and endorse, potentially leading to injury and an increased
risk of product liability. If The Vivos Method is misused or used with improper technique, we may become subject to costly litigation
by our customers or their patients. Similarly, in an effort to decrease costs, physicians may also reuse our appliances despite them
being intended for a single use or may purchase reprocessed Vivos appliances from third-party processors in lieu of purchasing a new
Vivos appliance from one of our contract manufacturers, which could result in product failure and liability. Product liability claims
could divert management s attention from our core business, be expensive to defend and result in sizeable damage awards against
us that may not be covered by insurance. 

- 45 - 

It
is also possible that alternative products available in the market that make claims similar to ours may cause confusion or the impression
that such products are substantially the same, or work in substantially the same manner as our products, or that they have similar regulatory
approvals or are backed by clinical research. If that were to occur, the company may lose market share or be unfairly lumped into any
regulatory or legal actions that may arise from such third-party claims. 

We
have undertaken and plan to continue to explore acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies, which could divert the attention
of management, and which may not be integrated successfully into our existing business. 

We
have undertaken and plan to continue to explore acquisitions or licenses of technology to, among other things, expand the scope of products
services we provide. Examples of our implementation of this strategy include our (i) late February 2023 acquisition of c ertain
U.S. and international patents, product rights, and other miscellaneous intellectual property from Advanced Facialdontics, LLC, (ii)
 March 2021 acquisition certain assets related to our OMT service in March 2021 from MyoCorrect, LLC, and (iii) April 2021 acquisition
of certain medical billing and practice management software, licenses and contracts (including the software underlying AireO2) from Lyon
Management and Consulting, LLC . The acquisition and integration of another business or technology
can divert management attention from other business activities, including our core business. This diversion, together with other difficulties
we may incur in integrating an acquired business or technology, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

As
for future potential acquisitions, we cannot guarantee that we will identify suitable acquisition candidates, that acquisitions will
be completed on acceptable terms or that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations of any acquired business into our existing
business. The acquisitions could be of significant size and involve operations in multiple jurisdictions. In addition, we may borrow
money or issue capital stock to finance acquisitions. Such borrowings might not be available on terms as favorable to us as our current
borrowing terms and may increase our leverage, and the issuance of capital stock could dilute the interests of our stockholders. 

Our
business is seasonal, which impacts our results of operations. 

Historically,
our fourth quarters tend to be our best performing quarters, both in terms of new VIP enrollments as well as appliance sales from case
starts, while the first quarters have tended to be our worst. We believe that the patient volumes of our VIPs will be sensitive to seasonal
fluctuations in urgent care and primary care activity. Typically, winter months see a higher occurrence of influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia
and similar illnesses; however, the timing and severity of these outbreaks vary dramatically. Additionally, as consumers shift toward
high deductible insurance plans, they are responsible for a greater percentage of their bill, particularly in the early months of the
year before other healthcare spending has occurred, which may lead to lower than expected patient volume or an increase in bad debt expense
during that period. Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future depending on these and other factors. 

We
could be subject to lawsuits for which we are not fully insured. 

Healthcare
providers have become subject to an increasing number of lawsuits alleging malpractice and related legal theories such as negligent hiring,
supervision and credentialing. Some of these lawsuits involve large claim amounts and substantial defense costs. We generally procure
professional liability insurance coverage for our affiliated medical professionals and professional and corporate entities. We are currently
insured under policies in amounts management deems appropriate, based upon the nature and risk of our business. Our medical professionals
are also required to provide their own medical malpractice insurance coverages. Nevertheless, there are exclusions and exceptions to
coverage under each insurance policy that may make coverage for any claim unavailable, future claims could exceed the limits of available
insurance coverage, existing insurers could become insolvent and fail to meet their obligations to provide coverage for such claims,
and such coverage may not always be available with sufficient limits and at reasonable cost to insure us adequately and economically
in the future. One or more successful claims against us not covered by, or exceeding the coverage of, our insurance could have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, in the normal course of our business,
we may be involved in other types of lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations, including those arising out of our billing and marketing
practices, employment disputes, contractual claims and other business disputes for which we may have no insurance coverage. Furthermore,
for our losses that are insured or reinsured through commercial insurance providers, we are subject to the financial viability of those
insurance companies. Although we believe our commercial insurance providers are currently creditworthy, they may not remain so in the
future. The outcome of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash
flows. 

- 46 - 

We
depend on certain key personnel. 

We
substantially rely on the efforts of our current senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, R. Kirk Huntsman, our Chief
Financial Officer, Brad Amman, Susan McCullough, our EVP of Operations, and Patrick Kircher, our EVP of Sales and Marketing, among others.
Our business would be impeded or harmed if we were to lose their services. In addition, if we are unable to attract, train and retain
highly skilled technical, managerial, product development, sales and marketing personnel, we may be at a competitive disadvantage and
unable to develop new products or increase revenue. The failure to attract, train, retain and effectively manage employees could negatively
impact our research and development, sales and marketing and reimbursement efforts. In particular, the loss of sales personnel could
lead to lost sales opportunities as it can take several months to hire and train replacement sales personnel. Uncertainty created by
turnover of key employees could adversely affect our business. 

Members
of our Board of Directors and our executive officers will have other business interests and obligations to other entities. 

Neither
our directors nor our executive officers will be required to manage our business as their sole and exclusive function and they may have
other business interests and may engage in other activities in addition to those relating to us, provided that such activities do not
compete with the business of our company or otherwise breach their agreements with us. We are dependent on our directors and executive
officers to successfully operate our company. Their other business interests and activities could divert time and attention from operating
our business. 

We
will need to carefully manage our expanding operations to achieve sustainable growth. 

To
achieve increased revenue levels, complete clinical studies and develop future products, we believe that we will be required to periodically
expand our operations, particularly in the areas of sales and marketing, clinical research, reimbursement, research and development,
manufacturing and quality assurance. As we expand our operations in these areas, management will face new and increased responsibilities.
To accommodate any growth and compete effectively, we must continue to upgrade and improve our information systems, as well as our procedures
and controls across our business, and expand, train, motivate and manage our work force. Our future success will depend significantly
on the ability of our current and future management to operate effectively. Our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be
adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to effectively manage our expected growth, this could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery and anti-kickback
laws with respect to our activities outside the United States. 

We
distribute our products to locations within and outside the United States and Canada. Our business plan also anticipates VIP offices
outside the United States and Canada. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and
regulations, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business. As we expect to expand our international operations in the future, we will become increasingly subjected
to these laws and regulations. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in preventing our agents from taking actions in violation
of these laws or regulations. Such violations, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks
Related to Our Products and Regulation 

We
depend in large part on The Vivos Method technology, and the loss of access to this technology would terminate or delay the further development
of our products, injure our reputation or force us to pay higher fees. 

We
depend, in large part, on The Vivos Method technology. The loss or dilution of the trade secrets and other intellectual property that
comprises this key technology would seriously impair our business and future viability, and could result in delays in developing, introducing
or maintaining our treatments/products until equivalent technology, if available, is identified, licensed and integrated. In addition,
any defects in the products of The Vivos Method technology or other technologies we gain access to in the future could prevent the implementation
or impair the functionality of our products, delay new product introductions or injure our reputation. If we are required to acquire
or enter into license agreements with third parties for replacement technologies, we could be subject to higher fees, milestone or royalty
payments, assuming we could access such technologies at all. 

- 47 - 

Our
failure to obtain government approvals, including required FDA approvals, or to comply with ongoing, and ever increasing, governmental
regulations relating to our technologies and products could delay or limit introduction of our products and result in failure to achieve
revenue or maintain our ongoing business. 

Our
development activities and the manufacture and marketing of The Vivos Method are subject to extensive regulation for safety, efficacy
and quality by numerous government authorities in the United States and abroad. Before receiving FDA or foreign regulatory clearance
to market our future products needing approval, we will have to demonstrate that these products are safe and effective in the patient
population and for the diseases that are to be treated. Clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices are subject to
the rigorous testing and approval process of the FDA and equivalent foreign regulatory authorities. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act and other federal, state and foreign statutes and regulations govern and influence the testing, manufacture, labeling, advertising,
distribution and promotion of medical devices. As a result, regulatory approvals for our products not yet approved or that we may develop
in the future can take a number of years or longer to accomplish and require the expenditure of substantial financial, managerial and
other resources. 

Clinical
trials that may be required to support regulatory submissions in the United States are expensive. We cannot assure that we will be able
to complete any required clinical trial programs successfully within any specific time period, and if such clinical trials take longer
to complete than we project, our ability to execute our current business strategy will be adversely affected. 

Conducting
clinical trials is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of
any products, we must demonstrate through clinical trials the safety and effectiveness of our products. We have incurred, and we will
continue to incur, substantial expense for, and devote a significant amount of time to, product development, pilot trial testing, clinical
trials and regulated, compliant manufacturing processes. 

Even
if completed, we do not know if these trials will produce statistically significant or clinically meaningful results sufficient to support
an application for marketing approval. If and how quickly we complete clinical trials is dependent in part upon the rate at which we
are able to advance the rate of patient enrollment, and the rate to collect, clean, lock and analyze the clinical trial database. 

Patient
enrollment in trials is a function of many factors. These include the design of the protocol; the size of the patient population; the
proximity of patients to and availability of clinical sites; the eligibility criteria for the study; the perceived risks and benefits
of the product candidate under study; the medical investigators efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; the
patient referral practices of local physicians; the existence of competitive clinical trials; and whether other investigational, existing
or new products are available or cleared for the indication. If we experience delays in patient enrollment and/or completion of our clinical
trial programs, we may incur additional costs and delays in our development programs and may not be able to complete our clinical trials
on a cost-effective or timely basis. Accordingly, we may not be able to complete the clinical trials within an acceptable time frame,
if at all. If we fail to enroll and maintain the number of patients for which the clinical trial was designed, the statistical power
of that clinical trial may be reduced, which would make it harder to demonstrate that the product candidate being tested in such clinical
trial is safe and effective. Further, if we or any third party have difficulty enrolling a sufficient number of patients in a timely
or cost-effective manner to conduct clinical trials as planned, or if enrolled patients do not complete the trial as planned, we or a
third party may need to delay or terminate ongoing clinical trials, which could negatively affect our business. 

- 48 - 

The
results of our clinical trials may not support either further clinical development or the commercialization of any new product candidates
or modifications to existing products. 

Even
if our ongoing or contemplated clinical trials are completed as planned, their results may not support either the further clinical development
or the commercialization of any new product candidates or modifications of existing products. The FDA or government authorities may not
agree with our conclusions regarding the results of our clinical trials. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does
not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and the results from any later clinical trials may not replicate the results
of prior clinical trials and pre-clinical testing. The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are
safe and effective for indicated uses. This failure would cause us to abandon a product candidate or a modification to any existing product
and may delay development of other product candidates. Any delay in, or termination of, our clinical trials will delay the filing of
our 510(k) s and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate product revenue. Generally, Class
II medical device marketed in the U.S. must receive a 510(k) clearance from the FDA. A 510(k) is a premarket submission made to FDA to
demonstrate that the device to be marketed is at least as safe and effective, that is, substantially equivalent (or SE), to a legally
marketed device. Companies must compare their device to one or more similar legally marketed devices, commonly known as predicates ,
and make and support their substantial equivalency claims. The submitting company may not proceed with product marketing until it receives
an order from the FDA declaring a device substantially equivalent. The substantially equivalent determination is usually made within
90 days, based on the information submitted by the applicant. 

In
addition, we or the FDA may suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that we are exposing participants to unacceptable health
risks or if the FDA finds deficiencies in the conduct of these trials. A number of companies in the medical technology industry have
suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials despite promising results in earlier trials. In the end, we may be unable to
develop marketable products. 

Modifications
to appliances within The Vivos Method may require additional FDA approvals which, if not obtained, could force us to cease marketing
and/or recall the modified device until we obtain new approvals. 

After
a device receives a 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute
a major change in its intended use, requires a new 510(k) clearance or could require a Premarket approval (or PMA). PMA is the FDA process
of scientific and regulatory review to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of Class III medical devices. Class III devices are those
that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or which present a potential,
unreasonable risk of illness or injury. Currently we do not market devices within this Class III category nor do we intend to in the
foreseeable future. However, the FDA requires each manufacturer to make this determination in the first instance, but the FDA can review
any decision. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s decision not to seek a new 510(k) clearance, the agency may retroactively
require the manufacturer to seek 510(k) clearance or PMA approval. The FDA also can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or
recall the modified devices until 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. We cannot assure you that the FDA would agree with any
of our decisions not to seek 510(k) clearance or PMA approval. If the FDA requires us to seek 510(k) clearance or PMA approval for any
modification, we also may be required to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until we obtain a new 510(k) clearance or
PMA approval. 

We
are subject to inspection and market surveillance by the FDA to determine compliance with regulatory requirements. If the FDA finds that
we have failed to comply, the agency can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions which may materially affect our business operations. 

We
are subject to inspection and market surveillance by the FDA to determine compliance with regulatory requirements. If the FDA finds that
we have failed to comply, the agency can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from a public warning letter to more
severe sanctions such as: 

fines,
 injunctions and civil penalties; 

recall,
 detention or seizure of our products; 

the
 issuance of public notices or warnings; 

operating
 restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing
 our requests for a 510(k) clearance of new products or new uses of existing products; 

withdrawing
 a 510(k) clearance already granted; and 

criminal
 prosecution. 

- 49 - 

We
have received an FDA warning letter in the past when such a letter was received by our subsidiary BioModeling Solutions, Inc. BioModeling or BMS in January 2018 following a routine FDA audit. In its letter, the FDA noted matters
such as inadequate documentation of certain FDA-required procedures, not keeping certain records and materials in paper format and
in triplicate, and using certain descriptive words and phrases on its website and in marketing materials that were unapproved in
advance by FDA. On January 31, 2023, the FDA sent us a letter stating that, based on their evaluation, the violations contained in
warning letter were addressed, and therefore the warning letter was considered closed-out. Future FDA inspections and regulatory
activities will further assess the adequacy and sustainability of those corrections, and we may again become subject to FDA review and scrutiny, which could adversely impact our business. 

The
FDA also has the authority to request repair, replacement or refund of the cost of any medical device manufactured or distributed by
us. Our failure to comply with applicable requirements could lead to an enforcement action that may have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Treatment
with The Vivos Method has only been available for a relatively limited time, and we do not know whether there will be significant post-treatment
regression or relapse. 

Patient
treatment using the FDA registered DNA appliance began in 2009, while treatment for mild to moderate OSA using the FDA cleared mRNA appliance
began in 2014. Both began under the prior business model of our predecessor (and now subsidiary) BMS, and well before our formation.
Under the BMS model, the independent treating dentists generated and maintained all records of treatment and ordered their appliances
directly from one of the BMS designated labs. Thus, with the exception of specific patients who participated in studies, clinical trials
or case reports, we have had limited visibility into patient records which might contain data on the long-term durability and stability
of our treatment beyond just a few years. Therefore, we have limited empirical data to support our view that the risk of post treatment
regression or relapse is not significant. To the extent a material number of patients who were treated with The Vivos Method were to
be found to experience post-treatment relapse or regression, it could pose a significant risk to our brand, the willingness or ability
of physicians to prescribe and dentists to use our products and the willingness of patients to engage in treatment with our products
and could thus have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
are subject to potential risks associated with the need to comply with state or other DSO laws. 

Our
core VIP business model does not involve any form of joint ownership, operational control, or employment of licensed professionals by
our company. Thus, we are not typically regarded as a dental service organization (or DSO) under the laws of the various
states within the United States or in Canada, in which we conduct most of our business. However, we do operate two retail treatment clinics
in Colorado wherein we do employ dentists under a provider network model consistent with Colorado law. In that respect, we may be regarded
as a DSO. In addition, we have begun to strategically establish a nationwide network of professional corporations, owned by independent
licensed dentists in each state, in order to lay the regulatory groundwork for our Airway Alliance model and program. In essence, Airway
Alliance will operate in similar fashion to a DSO, thus providing us with what we believe to be certain strategic and competitive advantages.
Nevertheless, to the extent we are deemed to be a DSO in any jurisdiction, it could make it difficult or impossible for us to recruit
and retain qualified dentists as VIPs, as some state dental boards are sometimes adverse to corporate DSOs operating in their states.
Moreover, where such DSO-provider relationships are permitted, such regulations may impose significant constraints on the structure and
financial arrangements that are permissible between us and our affiliated dentists in a particular state. 

In
jurisdictions where laws allow DSOs to operate (which includes almost all U.S. states and Canada), a growing number of dentists are affiliating
with corporate DSOs. In those cases, the DSO may not allow their affiliated dentists to offer our products and services or to become
VIPs. Thus, the overall number of dentists who are prospects to become VIPs and utilize our products and services may be reduced, which
would impair our ability to generate revenue from our core VIP business model. 

Our
Medical Integration Division business line may implicate federal and state laws involving the practice of medicine and related anti-kickback
and similar laws. 

Our
MID was launched in 2020 to assist VIP practices in establishing clinical collaboration ties to local primary care physicians, sleep
specialists, ENTs, pediatricians and other healthcare professionals who routinely see or treat patients with sleep and breathing disorders.
The primary objective of our MID is to promote The Vivos Method to the medical profession and thus facilitate more patients being able
to receive a treatment with The Vivos Method. There is a risk, however, that our MID may implicate legal or regulatory compliance issues
that may arise in the course of our activities, including various Federal healthcare statutes such as the Stark and anti-kickback laws
as well as state-by-state regulations pertaining to inter-disciplinary ownership of professional corporations or other legal entities.
We have conducted research, including obtaining advice from outside legal counsel, regarding the implications of these laws and regulations
to MID and believe the MID s operations will be in compliance with or will not implicate these laws and regulations. However, there
is a risk that such laws and regulations (or similar laws and regulations adopted in the future) might be interpreted, reinterpreted,
or modified in the future in such a way so as to impede or prevent us from continuing to develop or manage our MID, which could lead
to our having to discontinue the MID and could leave us subject to regulatory scrutiny and sanction. No advice of counsel has been obtained
with respect any potential operations of the MID in Canada. 

- 50 - 

We
may not be able to prohibit or limit our dentists, physicians and other healthcare professionals from competing with us in our local
markets. 

In
certain states in which we operate or intend to operate, non-compete, non-solicitation, and other negative covenants applicable to employment
or ownership are judicially or statutorily limited in their effectiveness or are entirely unenforceable against dentists, physicians
and other healthcare professionals. As a result, we may not be able to retain our provider relationships or protect our market share,
operational processes or procedures, or limit insiders or VIPs from using competitive information against us or competing with us, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and ability to remain competitive as our arrangements with
our VIPs do not contain competitive restrictions. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities Generally 

The
market for our common stock is relatively new and may not develop to provide investors with adequate liquidity. 

We
conducted our initial public offering in December 2020, and a follow-on offering in May 2021. Therefore, the market for our common stock
is relatively new, and has experience periods of inactivity as well as significant volatility. We cannot assure you that an orderly and
liquid trading market for our common stock will develop, or if it does develop, it may not be maintained. You may not be able to sell
your common stock quickly or at the market price if trading in our securities is not active. 

The
market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, which creates the risk of substantial losses for investors. 

The
market price of our common stock has at times been, and is likely in the future to be, volatile. This volatility may prevent you from
being able to sell your securities at or above the price you paid for your securities. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations
in response to a variety of factors, which include: 

whether
 we achieve our anticipated corporate objectives; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes
 in our financial or operational estimates or projections; 

our
 ability to implement our operational plans; 

restrictions
 on the ability of our stockholders to sell shares in the future; 

changes
 in the economic performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; and 

general
 economic or political conditions in the United States or elsewhere. 

In
addition, the stock market in general, and the stock of publicly-traded medical technology companies in particular, have experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.
Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

- 51 - 

Our
failure to meet the continuing listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a de-listing of our securities. 

If
we fail to satisfy the continuing listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance, stockholders equity or minimum closing
bid price requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the
price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of
a delisting, we would likely take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance
that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity
of our securities, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance
with Nasdaq s listing requirements. During 2022, we received two notices from Nasdaq informing us of our failure to comply with
two continuing Nasdaq listing requirements: failure to timely file our reports with the SEC, and failure to achieve the Nasdaq minimum
bid price for 30 consecutive trading days. While both of these deficiencies were cleared by January 2023, we may again become subject
to potential delisting from Nasdaq if we are unable to comply with all continued listing requirements. 

The
terms of our January 2023 private placement could hamper our fundraising efforts. 

In
January 2023, we engaged in an 8 million private placement with a single institutional investor. The terms of the Securities Purchase
Agreement related to such private placement contains certain restrictions that could hamper our future fundraising efforts. Specifically: 

(a)
from January 5, 2023 until May 9, 2023, neither our company nor any subsidiary
of our company shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of common
stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto, in each case other than as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement we entered into with the investor; or 

(b)
from January 5, 2023 until November 8, 2023, we shall be prohibited from effecting
or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by us or any of our subsidiaries of any shares of common stock or securities convertible
into or exercisable for common stock (or a combination of units thereof) involving a variable rate transaction , meaning
a transaction in which we (i) issue or sell any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
or include the right to receive, additional shares of common stock either (i) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate
or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of common stock at any time
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (ii) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to
being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to our business or the market for the common stock or (ii) enter into, or effect a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby we may issue securities at a future determined
price. 

The
existence of these restrictions could reduce the number of fundraising structures available to us, or could discourage potential investors
from making offers of investment to us. As a result, we may find it more difficult to raise required funding at times and on terms we
deem desirable, and our inability to raise necessary funding could have a material adverse effect on our company and stock price. 

If
our shares of common stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission (or SEC) has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in
penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain
national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume
information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not obtain or retain a listing
on Nasdaq and if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock will be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules
require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk
disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock
is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure
statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability
statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common
stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

- 52 - 

There
can be no assurance that we will ever provide liquidity to our investors through a sale of our company. 

While
acquisitions of medical technology companies like ours are not uncommon, potential investors are cautioned that no assurances can be
given that any form of merger, combination, or sale of our company will take place relating to our company, or that any merger, combination,
or sale, even if consummated, would provide liquidity or a profit for our investors. You should not invest in our company with the expectation
that we will be able to sell the business in order to provide liquidity or a profit for our investors. 

Our
officers and directors may have the ability to exert significant influence over our affairs, including the outcome of matters requiring
stockholder approval. 

Our
officers and directors and their affiliates (primarily Kirk Huntsman) currently own shares of common stock, in the aggregate, representing
approximately 7.6 of our outstanding voting capital stock. In addition, Dr. Dave Singh, our former Chief Medical Officer and director,
owns an additional 10.8 of our outstanding voting stock. As a result, if these stockholders and any associated stockholders were to
choose to act together, they have and may continue to be able to exert control over certain matters submitted to our stockholders for
approval by having the ability to block certain proposals. For example, these persons, if they choose to act collectively, would have
the ability to vote against and block a proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration
of voting power could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company on terms that other stockholders may desire. 

Actions
of activist shareholders could be disruptive and potentially costly and the possibility that activist shareholders may seek changes that
conflict with our strategic direction could cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business. 

Activist
investors or other stockholders who disagree with our management may attempt to effect changes in our strategic direction and how our
company is governed or may seek to acquire control over our company. Some investors (commonly known as activist investors seek to increase short-term stockholder value by advocating corporate actions such as financial restructuring, increased borrowing, special
dividends, stock repurchases, or even sales of assets or the entire company. Activist campaigns can also seek to change the composition
of our Board of Directors, and campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition as responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist shareholders can disrupt our operations,
be costly and time-consuming, and divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business
strategies. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction that can arise from potential changes to the composition
of our Board of Directors sought by activists may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business, instability or
lack of continuity which may be exploited by our competitors, may cause concern to our current or potential customers or other partners,
may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and
business partners. These types of actions could divert our management s attention from our business or cause significant fluctuations
in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying
fundamentals and prospects of our business, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our company. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, or EGC, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act.
We will remain an EGC until the earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.07
billion or more; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial public
offering; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv)
the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. For so long as we remain an EGC, we are permitted
and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies. These exemptions include: 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404; 

- 53 - 

not
 being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory
 audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial
 statements; 

being
 permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements,
 with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 disclosure; 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. 

We
may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available exemptions. We have taken advantage of reduced reporting burdens
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In particular, we have not included all of the executive compensation information that would be required
if we were not an EGC. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive if we rely on certain or all of
these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for
our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We
continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial
time to new compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an EGC, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that
we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq have
imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls
and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance
initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities
more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. 

Pursuant
to Section 404, we will be required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting, including
an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm if certain
criteria are met. However, while we remain an EGC, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over
financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed
period, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly
and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and
adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve
control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting
and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that neither we nor our independent
registered public accounting firm will be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that our internal control over financial reporting
is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements. 

- 54 - 

Certain
provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation may make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change-of-control. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock
may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our Board of Directors without further
action by the stockholders. These terms may include preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion rights, redemption rights
and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock, and therefore
could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used
to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The ability of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock
could make it more difficult, delay, discourage, prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change-in-control, which in turn
could prevent our stockholders from recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could materially and negatively
affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our
bylaws designate certain courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by
our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our
directors, officers, or employees. 

Our
bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the
Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the exclusive forum for:
(i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company; (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of ours to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or the bylaws; and (iv) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the Delaware Forum Provision ). Our bylaws further provide
that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (the Federal
Forum Provision ). In addition, our bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in
shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision. 

Section
27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all
suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the
Delaware Forum Provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce
this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

We
recognize that the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision in our bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders
in pursuing any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware. Additionally, the Delaware
Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a forum that they find
favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors,
officers and employees even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme
Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in
federal court were facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce the
Federal Forum Provision. If the Federal Forum Provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters. The Federal Forum Provision may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is
not enforceable or invalid. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court may also reach different
judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise
choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 

- 55 - 

Limitations
on director and officer liability and indemnification of our officers and directors by us may discourage stockholders from bringing suit
against an officer or director. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as it presently exists or may
be amended from time to time, a director shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach
of fiduciary duty as a director. Under Delaware law, this limitation of liability does not extend to, among other things, acts or omissions
which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or unlawful payments of dividends. These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing suit against a director or officer for breach of fiduciary duty and may reduce the likelihood of derivative
litigation brought by stockholders on our behalf against a director or officer. 

We
are responsible for the indemnification of our officers and directors. 

Should
our officers and/or directors require us to contribute to their defense, we may be required to spend significant amounts of our capital.
Our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws also provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under
certain circumstances, against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party
arising from their association with or activities on behalf of our company. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures,
which we may be unable to recoup. If these expenditures are significant or involve issues which result in significant liability for our
key personnel, we may be unable to continue operating as a going concern. 

Our
ability to use our net operating losses and research and development credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may limited,
perhaps substantially. 

In
general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or the Code), a corporation that undergoes an ownership
change, generally defined as a greater than 50 change by value in its equity ownership over a three-year period, is subject to
limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses NOLs ), carryforwards to offset future taxable
income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes. If we undergo, or are deemed to have
previously undergone, an ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs carryforwards could be limited (perhaps substantially) by Sections
382 and 383 of the Code. Additionally, future changes in our stock ownership, some of which might be beyond our control, could result
in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. For these reasons, in the event we experience or are deemed to have experienced
an ownership change for these purposes, we may not be able to utilize a material or even a substantial portion of the NOLs
carryforwards, even if we attain profitability. We have not completed a Code Section 382 analysis regarding any limitation on our NOL
carryforwards. 

The
financial and operational projections that we may make from time to time are subject to inherent risks. 

The
projections that our management may provide from time to time (including, but not limited to, those relating to market sizes and other
financial or operational matters) reflect numerous assumptions made by management, including assumptions with respect to our specific
as well as general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, all of which are difficult to predict and many
of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, there is a risk that the assumptions made in preparing the projections, or the projections
themselves, will prove inaccurate. There will be differences between actual and projected results, and actual results may be materially
different from those contained in the projections. The inclusion of the projections in this Annual Report should not be regarded as an
indication that we or our management or representatives considered or consider the projections to be a reliable prediction of future
events, and the projections should not be relied upon as such. 

If
we were to dissolve, the holders of our securities may lose all or substantial amounts of their investments. 

If
we were to dissolve as a corporation, as part of ceasing to do business or otherwise, we may be required to pay all amounts owed to any
creditors before distributing any assets to the investors. There is a risk that in the event of such a dissolution, there will be insufficient
funds to repay amounts owed to holders of any of our indebtedness and insufficient assets to distribute to our other investors, in which
case investors could lose their entire investment. 

- 56 - 

An
investment in our company may involve tax implications, and you are encouraged to consult your own advisors as neither we nor any related
party is offering any tax assurances or guidance regarding our company or your investment. 

The
formation of our company and our financings, as well as an investment in our company generally, involves complex federal, state and local
income tax considerations. Neither the Internal Revenue Service nor any state or local taxing authority has reviewed the transactions
described herein, and may take different positions than the ones contemplated by management. You are strongly urged to consult your own
tax and other advisors prior to investing, as neither we nor any of our officers, directors or related parties is offering you tax or
similar advice, nor are any such persons making any representations and warranties regarding such matters. 

Because
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be
your sole source of gain. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to
finance the growth and development of our business. This means that it is very unlikely that we will pay dividends on our shares of common
stock. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation,
if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they
change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, the price of our common stock and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock may be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about
us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our common
stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock would likely
decline. If any analyst who may cover us was to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose
visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our common stock or trading volume to decline. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
lease approximately 8,253 rentable square feet of office space from an unaffiliated third party for our corporate office located at 7921
Southpark Plaza, Suite 210, Littleton, Colorado. This lease expires in November 2027. Terms of the office lease currently provide for
a base rent payment of 16,506 per month. We also lease approximately 2,220 rentable square feet of space from an unaffiliated third
party for one of our Vivos Centers located at 4795 Larimer Parkway, Johnstown, Colorado. This lease expires in February 2025. Terms of
the office lease provide for a base rent payment of 3,608 per month and a share of the buildings operating expenses such as taxes and
maintenance of 2,035 per month. We also lease 3,643 rentable square feet of space from an unaffiliated third party for our Vivos Center
located at 9135 Ridgeline Boulevard, Highlands Ranch, Colorado. This lease expires in January 2029. Terms of the office provide for a
base rent payment of 5,465 per month and a share of the building s operating expenses such as taxes and maintenance of 3,273
per month. Effective May 20, 2019, we entered into a lease at 7001 Tower Road, Denver, Colorado for 14,732 rentable square feet for the
Vivos Institute and amended the lease effective March 11, 2022 to increase the premises by 9,129 rentable square feet for a total of
23,861 rentable square feet. This facility was built primarily as a training facility where our VIPs are trained and the additional square
footage is for office space and fulfillment. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current and near-term future needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Below
is a description of our outstanding pending litigation matters. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result
in the below described or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

- 57 - 

On
April 13, 2021, the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions WSDFI sent a letter and subpoena requesting
that we produce certain documents and records. WSDFI is investigating certain sales of our common stock by a previous employee and independent
contractor in Washington prior to our initial public offering. This subject matter in general (including activities of such previous
employee and independent contractor) had been among the issues previously investigated by a joint committee of our Board of Directors
and internal and external legal counsel that commenced in February 2020 and, pursuant to the findings and recommendations of the joint
committee, led to the company implementing in April 2020 certain enhanced corporate governance policies (in the form of a formal written
policy on private stock sales requiring prior approval of our internal or external legal counsel and changes to certain organizational
matters). We have cooperated with WSDFI regarding this investigation, but during and subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022,
we have not been made aware of any developments with the investigation. 

On June 5, 2020, we filed suit against Ortho-Tain, Inc. Ortho-Tain in the United States District Court for the District
of Colorado seeking relief from certain false, threatening, and defamatory statements to our business affiliate, Benco Dental Benco ).
We believe such statements have interfered with our business relationship and contract, causing harm to our reputation, loss of goodwill,
and unspecified monetary damages. On February 12, 2021, we amended our complaint to add claims for false advertising and unfair business
practices, as well as additional variants of the original claims to address Ortho-Tain s alleged false advertising campaign against
us in the fall of 2020. Our amended complaint seeks permanent injunctive relief to prevent what we believe are defamatory statements and
interference with our business relationships by Ortho-Tain. We further seek declaratory relief to refute the defendant s false allegations,
as well as monetary damages. Prior to filing suit, we worked collaboratively with legal counsel at Benco to address and resolve this matter.
Such efforts were unsuccessful. On February 26, 2021, Ortho-Tain, Inc. filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. We opposed the
motion. On June 21, 2022, the Tenth Circuit entered an order and judgment. Pursuant to such order, the appeal was terminated and the case
remanded to the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado for further proceedings. On July 13, 2022, the Clerk of Court for the
Tenth Circuit transferred jurisdiction back to the District Court. On February 1, 2023, Ortho-Tain filed a motion to re-open the district
court case and set a status conference. On February 22, 2023, Vivos filed a notice of non-opposition joining that request. The parties
are currently awaiting further action from the district court, including a new decision on Ortho-Tain s motion to dismiss. 

On July 22, 2020 Ortho-Tain, Inc. filed a Complaint at Law in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois naming
Vivos, along with the Company s Chief Executive Officer, R. Kirk Huntsman, Benco Dental Supply Co., Dr. Brian Kraft, Dr. Ben Miraglia,
and Dr. Mark Musso. The Ortho-Tain complaint alleges violation of the Lanham Act and an alleged civil conspiracy among the defendants
to violate the Lanham Act by an alleged false designation of origin related to a presentation given by Dr. Brian Kraft at an event sponsored
by the Company and Benco Dental. Ortho-Tain also alleges that the actions of the defendants, including the Company, diverted sales from
Ortho-Tain, deprived Ortho-Tain of advertising value and resulted in a loss of goodwill to Ortho-Tain. Ortho-Tain also alleges two separate
breach of contract actions against Dr. Brian Kraft and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, R. Kirk Huntsman. On September 9,
2020, the Company moved to dismiss the claims against it. On May 14, 2021, the United States District Judge entered an order granting
the Company s motion to stay this case pending the outcome of a substantially similar, first-filed suit by the Company pending in
the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. In light of the stay, the Court denied, without prejudice, the Company s
pending motion to dismiss. On September 3, 2021, on December 2, 2021, on April 4, 2022, on July 5, 2022, on September 19, 2022, and on
November 22, 2022 the Court extended the stay. On March 20, 2023, the Parties submitted their joint status report. In their status report,
the Parties requested that the Court reconsider Defendants motions to dismiss and Plaintiff s motion to strike which were
fully briefed at the time the case was stayed. Defendants also requested a stay of discovery pending a ruling on the motions to dismiss.
The Parties are awaiting further direction from the Court. 

On
May 17, 2021, plaintiff Steven Rospond Rospond filed a lawsuit against an entity called Proceed Finance asserting claims
for breach of contract and violation of the Kansas Consumer Protection Act against Defendants Proceed Finance and Security First Bank
regarding a 50,000 loan Rospond took to pay for services provided by our company. Rospond sent us a subpoena seeking various documents
relating to the services provided by us to which it responded and provided documents on December 21, 2021. In an Order dated October
26, 2021, the court granted Rospond an extension of up to seven days after we delivered documents to Rospond within which to amend his
lawsuit, including to assert claims against us. To date, we have no knowledge of Rospond asserting any claims against us. According to
the court s docket, this lawsuit was dismissed for lack of prosecution on June 15, 2022. 

- 58 - 

On
May 23, 2022, Dr. G. David Singh Dr. Singh ), the founder and former director and Chief Medical Officer of our company,
through his legal counsel, sent a demand letter (the Demand Letter to us. The Demand Letter asserted certain allegations,
including an assertion that contested our decision to terminate Dr. Singh s employment for cause in March 2022. As previously disclosed,
on March 1, 2022, with the unanimous approval of our Board of Directors, we provided notice of termination of Dr. Singh s employment
with our company for cause pursuant to the terms Dr. Singh s amended and restated employment agreement with us (the
 Employment Agreement ). In the Demand Letter, Dr. Singh also asserted certain potential claims against us and/or R. Kirk
Huntsman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, including for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, defamation and other
civil claims and remedies which could include severance payments to Dr. Singh and other money relief if Dr. Singh s claims are
upheld in arbitration. We believe that Dr. Singh s assertions completely lack merit in fact or law and further believes that Dr.
Singh will be unable to establish actionable damages. Further, we believe that several provisions of Dr. Singh s Employment Agreement
limit or restrict claims Dr. Singh is alleging, including a mandatory arbitration clause and exclusive remedy provisions. However, no
assurances can be given that our positions regarding the Demand Letter or the Employment Agreement will be upheld by an arbitrator. The
parties engaged in voluntary mediation, with no resolution reached. 

On November 3, 2022, the Company initiated arbitration with the American Arbitration Association against Dr. Gurdev Dave Singh. The Company s
Demand for Arbitration alleges that Dr. Singh s behaviors and actions constituted a breach of the Employment Agreement as well as
a breach of a fiduciary duty to which he owed the Company, and requests that the Arbitrator declare that Dr. Singh s sole remedy
or relief against the Company is what was agreed upon in the Employment Agreement. On December 7, 2022, Dr. Singh filed a Cross-Complaint
in the Arbitration alleging claims against the Company for breach of contract, employment discrimination, and violation of the Colorado
Wage Act. The Arbitrator has been selected and pursuant to a scheduling conference held on February 15, 2023, the case has been tentatively
set for a four-day Arbitration commencing on January 16, 2024. 

On January 23, 2023, we filed a complaint against Dr. Singh and Dr. Rod Willey in the United States District Court for the District of
Colorado alleging that Dr. Singh violated his employment agreement with Vivos when he and Dr. Willey formed a competing venture, named
Koala Plus. Additionally, we contend that both defendants violated state and federal trade secret laws when they formed this competing
business and attempted to unlawfully use our trade secrets to divert business away from Vivos. We believe the defendants actions have
caused unspecified monetary damages. Dr. Singh s responsive pleading is due on March 31, 2023. Dr. Willey failed to timely respond
and Vivos moved for a Clerk s Entry of Default, which was granted on March 24, 2023. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VVOS . On March 28, 2023, the last
reported sale price of the shares of our common stock as reported on NASDAQ was 0.32 per share. 

Holders
of Record 

On
March 28, 2023, we had approximately 560 stockholders of record. On March 28, 2023, there were 29,678,786 shares of our
common stock issued and outstanding. In addition, we believe that a significant number of beneficial owners of our common stock hold
their shares in street name. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
following is a summary of transactions by us within the past three years involving sales or our securities that were not registered under
the Securities Act. All of the sales listed below were made pursuant to an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and/or Regulation D thereunder in that (i) none of the offers and sales constituted a public offering of securities
and/or (ii) the securities were only offered and sold to accredited investors. 

- 59 - 

In
November 2020, Vivos Therapeutics issued warrants to certain shareholders to purchase an aggregate of 325,000 shares of common stock.
Such warrants are substantially similar to the Series B Warrants except such warrants will be exercisable for a period of 36 months,
beginning six months after the consummation of the initial public offering and ending on the forty-second month anniversary of the consummation
of our initial public offering. See Management October 2020 Derivative Demand and Settlement in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2021 for further information on the issuance
of these warrants. 

On
March 12, 2021, Vivos Therapeutics granted options to purchase up to 145,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.50 share
in the following amounts to employees and consultants, 120,000 to two employees (100,000 and 20,000 respectively) with standard vesting
on each of the following dates: (i) 20 as of the date of grant and (ii) 20 at the end of each year following the date of grant, and
25,000 to a consultant with standard vesting on each of the following dates: (i) 20 as of the date of grant and (ii) 20 at the end
of each year following the date of grant. 

On
March 29, 2021 and as part of the acquisition of certain assets from, and the entry into related agreements with, MyoCorrect, LLC and
its affiliates, Vivos Therapeutics issued three-year warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of
 7.50 per share. 25,000 of these warrants vested initially upon issuance, but the remainder only vest and become exercisable upon the
achievement of pre-determined performance metrics related to the utilization of MyoCorrect. These warrants may be exercised only for
cash, and the exercise price is subject to customary, stock-based anti-dilution protection. 

On
April 14, 2021 and as part of the acquisition of certain assets from, and the entry into related agreements with, Lyon Management 
Consulting, LLC and its affiliates, we issued three year warrants to purchase 25,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price
of 8.90 per share. 5,000 of these warrants vested initially upon issuance, but the remainder only vest and become exercisable at the
end of each anniversary year following the issuance date. These warrants may be exercised only for cash, and the exercise price is subject
to customary, stock-based anti-dilution protection. 

During
the period from March 12, 2021 through March 30, 2021, Vivos Therapeutics issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 95,000 shares of
common stock to contractors and consultants in exchange for services. These warrants have an exercise price of 7.50 per share. 45,000
of these warrants vested initially upon issuance, but the remainder only vest and become exercisable at the end of each anniversary year
following the issuance date. These warrants may be exercised only for cash, and the exercise price is subject to customary, stock-based
anti-dilution protection. 

On
February 25, 2022 the Company issued 290,000 stock options to certain employees and officers with an exercise price of 3.27 per share,
one-fifth vested on the date of grant, and one-fifth vests annually through February 25, 2026. Additionally, the Company issued warrants
to purchase 80,000 shares of the Company s common stock to certain consultants for sales consulting services with an exercise price
of 3.27 per share, vesting monthly over one year term of the agreement. These warrants may be exercised only for cash, and the exercise
price is subject to customary, stock-based anti-dilution protection. 

On
May 12, 2022, the Company issued 265,000 stock options to certain employees and officers with an exercise price of 1.29 per share, one-fifth
vested on the date of grant, and one-fifth vests annually through May 12, 2027. Additionally, the Company issued warrants to purchase
130,000 shares of the Company s common stock to certain consultants for sales consulting services with an exercise price of 1.29
per share. 40,000 of these warrants vested immediately upon issuance, 60,000 of these warrants vest monthly over a six month term and
30,000 of these warrants vest monthly over one year term of the agreement. These warrants may be exercised only for cash, and the exercise
price is subject to customary, stock-based anti-dilution protection. 

On
July 8, 2022, the Company issued 15,000 stock options to a certain employee with an exercise price of 1.45 per share, one-fifth vested
on the date of grant, and one-fifth vests annually through July 8, 2027. 

- 60 - 

On
December 23, 2022, the Company issued 1,404,168 stock options to certain employees and officers with an exercise price of 0.48 per share,
787,500 of these options vested one-fifth on the date of grant, and one-fifth vests annually through December 23, 2026, 160,000 of these
options vested 50 on the date of grant, and 25 vest on March 23, 2023, and the remaining 25 vest on June 23, 2023, and 456,668 of
these options vested immediately upon issuance. Additionally, the Company issued warrants to purchase 850,000 shares of the Company s
common stock to certain consultants for sales consulting services with an exercise price of 0.48 per share. 557,500 of these warrants
vested immediately upon issuance, 27,500 of these warrants vest quarterly over one year term, 115,000 of these warrants vest quarterly
over two year term of the agreement, 50,000 of these warrants vest annually over two year term, and 100,000 of these warrants exercisable
upon the achievement of pre-determined performance metrics. These warrants may be exercised only for cash, and the exercise price is
subject to customary, stock-based anti-dilution protection. 

On
January 5, 2023, the Company, closed a private placement (the Private Placement pursuant to which the Company agreed sell
up to an aggregate of 8,000,000 of securities of the Company of units. Each unit consists of one share of the Company s common
stock, 0.0001 par value (or a pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock) (the Pre-Funded Warrants and
one warrant exercisable for one share Common Stock (the Common Stock Purchase Warrants and together with the Pre-Funded
Warrants, the Warrants ). No actual units will be issued in the Private Placement. 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell in the Private Placement 2,000,000 Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of 4,666,667 shares of Common Stock and Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 6,666,667
shares of Common Stock (collectively with the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Warrants, the Warrant
Shares ). The purchase price per Share and associated Common Stock Purchase Warrant was 1.20, and the purchase price per Pre-Funded
Warrant and associated Common Stock Purchase Warrant was 1.1999. 

Each
Common Stock Purchase Warrant entitles the holder, for a period of five years and 6 months, to purchase one share of Common Stock at
an exercise price of 1.20 per share. Each Pre-Funded Warrant entitles the holder, for a period until all Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised,
to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share. The Warrants also contain customary beneficial ownership
limitations that may be waived at the option of each holder upon 61 days notice to the Company. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following information is provided as of December 31, 2022, regarding our common stock that may be issued under our 2017 stock and option
award plan (the 2017 Plan ), and our 2019 stock and option award plan (the 2019 Plan ). 

Shares to be Issued Upon 

Exercise of Outstanding 

Options, and Rights 
 Securities 

Number of 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Available 
 For Future 
 
 Plan Category: 
 Shares 
 Exercise Price 
 Issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2017 Plan 
 1,333,333 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 
 2019 Plan 
 2,366,667 (2) 
 - 
 80,846 

Total 
 3,700,000 
 2.90 
 80,846 

(1) 
 The
 2017 Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and other independent contractors. Our Board of Directors
 and stockholders have approved a total reserve of 1,333,333 shares for issuance under the 2017 Plan. 

(2) 
 The
 2019 Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and other independent contractors. Our Board of Directors
 and stockholders have approved a total reserve of 2,366,667 shares for issuance out of which 250,000 shares have been exercised under
 the 2019 Plan. 

- 61 - 

Dividend
Policy 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash
dividend will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and
financial position, the general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers. 

None. 

Item
6. Reserved. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the related notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical
financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and
assumptions. Some of the numbers included herein have been rounded for the convenience of presentation. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under Part
I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a revenue stage medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative treatment alternatives
for patients with cranial and/or dentofacial abnormalities and/or patients diagnosed with mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea OSA and snoring in adults. We believe our technologies and conventions represent a significant improvement in the treatment of mild to moderate
OSA versus other treatments such as continuous positive airway pressure CPAP or palliative oral appliance therapies. Our alternative
treatments are part of The Vivos Method . 

The
Vivos Method is an advanced therapeutic protocol, which often combines the use of customized oral appliance specifications and
proprietary clinical treatments developed by our company and prescribed by specially trained dentists in cooperation with their
medical colleagues. Published studies have shown that using our customized appliances and clinical treatments led to significantly
lower Apnea Hypopnea Index scores and improve other conditions associated with OSA. Our patented oral appliances have proven
effective (within the scope of the FDA cleared uses) in over 33,000 patients treated worldwide by more than 1,700 trained
dentists. 

Our
business model is focused around dentists, and our program to train independent dentists and offer them other value-added services in
connection with their ordering and use of The Vivos Method for patients is called the Vivos Integrated Practice VIP program. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus known as COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in China, and by March 2020 the spread of
the virus resulted in a world-wide pandemic. By March 2020, the U.S. economy had been largely shut down by mass quarantines and government
mandated stay-in-place orders (the Orders to halt the spread of the virus, now widely acknowledged to have been generally
ineffective, and in many ways, harmful. As a result, nearly all of these Orders have been relaxed or lifted, but there is considerable
uncertainty about whether the Orders will be reinstated should a new COVID-19 variant or entirely new virus emerge. 

- 62 - 

Our
business was materially impacted by COVID-19 in 2020 and to some extent in 2021due to the actions of governmental bodies that mandated
quarantines and lockdowns that resulted in many of our VIPs and potential VIPs having to close their offices. The impact of COVID-19
on our business diminished somewhat as 2022 progressed. However, it appears that the latest COVID-19 subvariants evoke generally milder
symptoms and do not pose the same health or economic threat as previous strains. However, the residual effects of the pandemic on dental
workforce availability as well as patient precautionary measures continued to negatively impact our VIP dental practices and our revenue
across the U.S. and Canada during 2022. We believe new enrollments during the fourth quarter of 2022 were negatively impacted by the
ongoing overall workforce uncertainties in the dental market. As such, the long-term financial impact on our business of COVID-19 as
well as these other matters cannot reasonably be fully estimated at this time. 

Material
Items, Trends and Risks Impacting Our Business 

We
believe that the following items and trends may be useful in better understanding our results of operations. 

New
VIP Enrollments (Service Revenue). Enrolling denta1 practices as VIPs is the first step in our ability to generate new revenue. As
part of the VIP enrollment fee, we enter into a service contract with VIPs under which they receive training on the use of the Vivos
treatment modalities. VIPs have the ability to start generating revenue for us and themselves after this training. To entice dentists
to enroll as VIPs, we have worked with different marketing programs (which we generally call a discovery track with respect
to the payment of VIPs enrollment fee, including discounts and payment plans. Once VIPs execute their VIP enrollment agreement, the discovery
track allows the VIP 45 to 60 days to obtain financing and pay the enrollment fee. Ongoing support and additional training is provided
throughout the year under the services contract, which includes access to our proprietary Airway Intelligence Services, which provides
the VIP with resources to help simplify the sleep apnea diagnostic and Vivos treatment planning process. 

In
addition to enrollment service revenue, we offer additional services, such as our Billing Intelligence Services offering, and MyoCorrect
orofacial myofunctional therapy services, which was introduced in April 2021. Revenue for these services is recognized as the Company s
performance obligations are satisfied in accordance with ASC 606. 

We
are also engaging in strategic collaborations to market the benefits of the Vivos treatment modalities and VIP enrollment to dentists,
including our cooperative relationships with various medical providers to deliver diagnostic and medical consultation services to people
across North America who suffer from OSA. 

We
recognize revenue on VIP enrollments once the contract is executed, payment is received, and as the Company s performance
obligations are satisfied in accordance with ASC 606. 

New
VIP Case Starts (Product Revenue). Enrolling new VIPs is key to our ability to generate revenue, but equally as important is the
number of Vivos treatment case starts that our VIPs commence, as these lead to appliance orders and related revenue. Once a VIP is fully
trained, we encourage them to start cases. However, our experience has been that VIPs typically start slowly as they introduce The Vivos
Method into their practices. While we work with VIPs to screen their patients for OSA with our SleepImage home sleep
apnea ring test (which we expect will encourage Vivos Method case starts), not all VIPs incorporate our The Vivos Method into their practices
at the same rate. We utilize Practice Advisors to help VIPs with onboarding and starting and increasing case starts over time. We believe
VIPs can recoup their investment in VIP enrollment with approximately eight Vivos Method case starts, but as noted above, many VIPs start
and also maintain their case starts at a significantly slower rate. We presently have a concentration of active VIPs who regularly start
new Vivos Method treatment cases, with approximately forty-eight percent (48 of VIPs accounting for all new case starts during the year
ended December 31, 2022. We are working not only to increase the number of VIPs overall, but the number of active VIPs in terms of case
starts. More active VIPs are also more likely to take advantage of our other service revenue generating offerings such as MyoCorrect
orofacial myofunctional therapy and medical Billing Intelligence Services. 

- 63 - 

Marketing
to DSOs . During the second half of 2021, we increased our efforts to market The Vivos Method and related products and services to
larger dental support organizations DSOs ). Marketing to DSOs creates an opportunity to enroll and onboard multiple dental
practices as VIPs under one common ownership structure. This would allow us to leverage training and support across multiple VIP practices
and gain economies of scale with the goal of faster growth, both in VIP enrollments and in Vivos case starts. As of the end of 2022,
we believe we have made important progress in penetrating this market, but as we cautioned previously, DSOs tend to move slowly when
adopting new technologies or programs. Our other dentist enrollment program, which we refer to as the Airway Alliance Program AAP ),
was also established in the fourth quarter of 2021 and launched in the first quarter of 2022. This program is designed to attract the
vast majority of the estimated 200,000 U.S. and Canadian dentists who are being strongly encouraged by the American Dental Association
to screen their patients for sleep apnea. The AAP gives these dentists the simple yet profitable way to screen their patients for mild
to moderate OSA using the SleepImage home sleep test. Patients with mild to moderate OSA can be referred to a fully trained
local VIP dentist for treatment. The AAP program did not contribute meaningfully to revenue during 2022. 

Inflation .
We believe the U.S. has entered a period of inflation which has increased (and may continue to increase) our and our suppliers 
costs as well as the end cost of our products to consumers. To date, we have been able to manage inflation risk without a material adverse
impact on our business or results of operations. However, inflationary pressures (including increases in the price of raw material components
of our appliances) made it necessary for us to adjust our standard pricing for our appliance products effective May 1, 2022. The full
impact of such price adjustments on sales or demand for our products is not fully known at this time and may require us to adjust other
aspects of our business as we seek to grow revenue and, ultimately, achieve profitability and positive cash flow from operations. In
the fourth quarter of 2022, we rolled back a portion of the pricing increase of May in order to stimulate demand. 

An
additional inflation-related risk is the Federal Reserve s response, which up to this point has been to raise interest rates. Such
actions have, in times past, created unintended consequences in terms of the impact on housing starts, overall manufacturing, capital
markets, and banking. If such disruptions become systemic, as occurred in the 2008 Great Recession, then the impact on our Revenue, Earnings
and access to Capital Markets of both inflation and inflation-fighting responses would be impossible to know or calculate. 

Supply
Chain. From time to time, we may experience supply chain challenges due to forces beyond our control. For example, the Suez Canal
blockage earlier in 2021 caused some delay in shipments of SleepImage rings from China. Overall, however, as our appliances
are made in the U.S., we have not experienced significant supply chain issues as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise, although this may
change in future periods. 

Seasonality .
 We believe that the patient volumes of our VIPs will be sensitive to seasonal fluctuations in urgent care and primary care activity.
Typically, the fourth quarter tends to be one where we see higher enrollment levels for new VIP dentists, however, as previously mentioned,
in Q4 of 2022 we did not see that same pattern emerge. The first quarter of each year tends to be our weakest quarter of the year for
new enrollments, and to a certain extent, appliance sales as well. Winter months see a higher occurrence of influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia
and similar illnesses; however, the timing and severity of these outbreaks vary dramatically. Additionally, as consumers shift toward
high deductible insurance plans, they are responsible for a greater percentage of their bill, particularly in the early months of the
year before other healthcare spending has occurred, which may lead to lower than expected patient volume or an increase in bad debt expense
during that period. Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate in the future depending on these and other factors. 

Cybersecurity .
We have established procedures to escalate enterprise level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels
within our organization and our Board of Directors, or members or committees thereof, as appropriate. Under our framework, cybersecurity
issues, including those involving vulnerabilities introduced by our use of third-party software, are analyzed by subject matter experts
for potential financial, operational, and reputational risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and breadth of
impact. Matters determined to present potential material impacts to our financial results, operations, and/or reputation are immediately
reported by management to the Board of Directors, or individual members of committees thereof, as appropriate, in accordance with our
escalation framework. In addition, we have established procedures to ensure that members of management responsible for overseeing the
effectiveness of disclosure controls are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact
our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate. 

- 64 - 

War
in Ukraine. In addition, worldwide supply chain constraints and economic and capital markets uncertainty arising out of Russia s
invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 have emerged as new barriers to long-term economic recovery. If an economic recession or depression
commences and is sustained, it could have a material adverse effect on our business as demand for our products could decrease. Capital
markets uncertainty, with public stock price decreases and volatility, could make it more difficult for us to raise needed capital at
the appropriate time. 

Key
Components of Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Net
revenue. We recognize revenue when we satisfy our performance obligations over time as our customers receive the benefit of the
promised goods and services, which generally occurs over a short period of time. Performance obligations with respect to appliance sales
are typically satisfied by shipping or delivering products to our VIPs or, in the case of enrollment or service revenue, upon our satisfaction
of performance obligations associated with VIP enrollments. Revenue consists of the gross sales price, net of estimated allowances, discounts,
and personal rebates that are accounted for as a reduction from the gross sale price. 

Cost
of sales. Cost of goods sold primarily consists of direct costs attributable to the purchase from third party suppliers and related
products. It also includes freight costs, fulfillment, distribution, and warehousing costs related to products sold. 

Sales
and marketing. Sales and marketing costs primarily consist of personnel costs for employees engaged in sales and marketing activities,
commissions, advertising and marketing costs, website enhancements, and conferences for our sales and marketing staff. 

General
and administrative expenses. General and administrative G A expenses consist primarily of personnel costs
for our administrative, human resources, finance and accounting employees, and executives. General and administrative expenses also include
contract labor and consulting costs, travel - related expenses, legal, auditing and other professional fees, rent and facilities
costs, repairs and maintenance, and general corporate expenses. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense. Depreciation and amortization expense is comprised of depreciation expense related to property and
equipment, amortization expense related to leasehold improvements, and amortization expense related to identifiable intangible assets. 

Other
income. Other income relates to the PPP loan forgiven in January 2022 by the SBA. 

Restatement
of March 30, 2022 Financial Statements 

As
described in the Explanatory Note and Note 2, Restatement of Consolidated Financial Statement, in Item 1 of Part 1 of Amendment
No. 1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2022, originally filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022 and
such Amendment No. 1 being filed on November 25, 2022 (the 10-Q/A ), we determined it was necessary to restate our financial
statements for the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

The
restatement of the previously filed financial statements was due to our management (with the concurrent of the Audit Committee of our
Board of Directors) determining that our existing revenue recognition policy was not consistent with the guidance in ASC 606. After analyzing
our contracts using the five-step process in ASC 606, we have determined that for VIP enrollment contracts, it is necessary for us to
separately identify the performance obligations and recognize the revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied or over the customer
life as applicable. We identified a material weakness related to the operating effectiveness of our review controls in that we did not
put the appropriate resources in place to be able to identify technical accounting issues and perform review functions appropriately
for the revenue recognition issue described above and for those items which we had previously identified in Part II, Item 9A of our Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

- 65 - 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Our
consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below (dollars in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Revenue 

Product revenue 
 8,381 
 6,520 
 1,861 
 
 Service revenue 
 7,643 
 10,365 
 (2,722 
 
 Total revenue 
 16,024 
 16,885 
 (861 
 
 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately
 below) 
 6,005 
 4,281 
 1,724 
 
 Gross profit 
 10,019 
 12,604 
 (2,585 
 
 Gross profit 
 63 
 75 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 
 29,041 
 25,791 
 3,250 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 5,340 
 5,551 
 (211 
 
 Impairment loss 
 - 
 911 
 (911 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 669 
 733 
 (64 

Operating loss 
 (25,031 
 (20,382 
 (4,649 

Non-operating income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 - 
 (14 
 14 
 
 Other expense 
 (190 
 (9 
 (181 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 1,287 
 - 
 1,287 
 
 Other income 
 89 
 117 
 (28 

Net loss 
 (23,845 
 (20,288 
 (3,557 

Revenue 

Revenue
decreased approximately 0.8 million, or 5 , to approximately 16 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 16.9 million
for year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue during 2022 decreased due to a decrease of approximately 3.7 million in VIP enrollment revenue,
as well as an adjustment to our revenue recognition methodology which resulted in a cumulative decrease of approximately 0.4 million
in VIP revenue related to prior years. This was offset by an increase of 29 or approximately 1.8 million attributable to higher appliance
sales to VIPs, (ii) an increase of approximately 0.1 million in revenue from our two company-owned dental centers, (iii) an increase
of approximately 0.3 million in BIS revenue, (iv) a 0.6 million increase in myofunctional therapy service revenue, (iv) and increase
of approximately 0.4 million in sleep testing services. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we enrolled 196 VIPs and recognized VIP revenue of approximately 4.8 million, a decrease of 43 in
enrollment revenue, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, when we enrolled 197 VIPs for a total of approximately 8.5 million.
Revenue growth was impacted by a change in our revenue methodology adopted during 2022, which affected the contract life and allocation of performance obligations
to different categories. In December 2021, the American Dental Association reported that just 60 of dental practices
were open and operating with business as usual. Another industry source reported 92 of dental practices were struggling to hire or replace
hygienists, and 77 reported difficulty hiring front desk positions. These challenges across the dental community have impacted both
doctor enrollments and patient case starts, as replacement dental personnel must be trained in The Vivos Method. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 12,281 oral appliance arches for a total of approximately 7.8 million, a 29 increase from
the year ended December 31, 2021 when we sold 11,355 oral appliance arches for a total of approximately 6.0 million. Lastly, for the
year ended December 31, 2022 we had approximately 0.6 million in center revenue, compared to approximately 0.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021, and approximately 1.0 million in our orofacial myofunctional therapy revenue, compared to 0.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the introduction of the service in 2021 and increased demand for these services. 

- 66 - 

Cost
of Sales and Gross Profit 

Cost
of sales increased by approximately 1.7 million to approximately 6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately
 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to product and services costs associated with higher
sales volume of our appliances, additional costs associated with VIP enrollments, and billing and myofunctional therapy revenue. Cost
of sales includes approximately 0.8 million related to costs associated with appliances, an increase of approximately 0.8 million related
to costs associated with VIP enrollment and training, and approximately 0.7 million increase related to our new program (started in
2022) related to the sale and leasing of SleepImage rings. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, gross profit decreased by approximately 2.6 million to 10 million. This decrease was attributable
to an increase in cost of sales of 1.7 million explained above, coupled with a decrease in revenue of approximately 0.8 million. Gross
margin decreased to 63 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 75 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by
the higher costs associated with appliances due to increase in cost of raw materials and VIP enrollments and new incentives deployed
to increase VIP enrollments. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased approximately 3.3 million, or approximately 13 , to approximately 29 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to 25.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary driver of this increase was an increase
in personnel and related compensation of approximately 2.4 million, including salaries and benefits, paid time off, stock-based compensation,
and other employee-related expenses. The increase in payroll related costs were mainly a result of increased headcount in 2022 (from
137 average headcount at December 31, 2021 to 167 average headcount at December 31, 2022). Other drivers of the increase in general and
administrative expenses included an increase of approximately 1.4 million to general corporate costs such as consulting and professional
fees, an increase of approximately 1.0 million related to travel expenses, and an increase of approximately 0.6 million for information
and technology supplies, equipment, rent, research as well as corporate expenses such as filing fees, subscriptions, and office expenses,
offset by a decrease of approximately 0.9 million in bad debt expense and approximately 0.3 million in bank and merchant fees. These
increases were due to the growth of the company combined with higher headcount and expenses associated with being a public company. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing expense decreased by 0.2 million to 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease relates to approximately 1.6 million reduction in marketing campaigns, materials and product
samples, which was offset by an increase of approximately 0.6 million on redesigning and improving the Vivos website, and approximately
 0.2 million on print media and marketing supplies. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expense was approximately 0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The change in depreciation expense
is related to new assets placed into service which was offset by lower depreciation expense related to legacy assets that were retired
during the year. 

PPP
Loan Forgiveness 

PPP
loan forgiveness was approximately 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to none for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase is due to the PPP loan forgiven by the SBA in its entirety. 

- 67 - 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, which contemplate continuation
of our company as a going concern. We have incurred losses since inception, including 20.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2021, resulting in an accumulated deficit of 55.6 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 79.5 million, and approximately 3.5 million in cash, which will not be sufficient to fund our operations and strategic
objectives over the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. Without additional financing, these
factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
will be required to obtain additional financing and expect to satisfy our cash needs primarily from the issuance of equity securities
or indebtedness in order to sustain operations until we can achieve profitability and positive cash flows, if ever. There can be no assurances,
however, that adequate additional funding will be available on favorable terms, or at all. If such funds are not available in the future,
we may be required to delay, significantly modify or terminate our operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our
company. 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable regulations of the SEC, that are reasonably likely to have a
current or future material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table presents a summary of our cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (19,587 
 (15,735 
 
 Investing activities 
 (924 
 (2,608 
 
 Financing activities 
 - 
 24,167 

Net
cash used in operating activities of approximately 19.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 is an increase of approximately
 3.9 million compared to net cash used in operating activities of approximately 15.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
increase is due primarily to the increase in our net loss of approximately 3.6 million, a decrease of approximately 0.9 million in
accrued expenses due to increase in consulting fees, legal fees, third party lab fees associated with the production of our appliances, offset by an increase of approximately
 0.7 million in accounts receivable related to the MID clinics and VIP enrollments under payment plans, an increase of approximately
 0.5 million in accounts payable, an increase of approximately 0.1 million in prepaid expenses and current assets primarily driven by
annual renewals of subscriptions and other services, and an increase of approximately 0.5 million due to the collection of a tenant
improvement allowance related to the build-out of the Vivos Institute in Denver, Colorado. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities consisted of capital expenditures for software of 0.9 million
related to the development of software for internal use, which is expected to be placed in service in mid-2023. This compares to net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 2.6 million due to capital expenditures for leasehold improvements
and equipment related to The Vivos Institute. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no cash used in financing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided
by financing activities of 24.2 million was primarily attributable to proceeds of 25.4 million from the issuance of Common Stock in
our follow-on public offering in May 2021 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 0.3 million. 

- 68 - 

Critical
Accounting Policies Involving Management Estimates and Assumptions 

Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements, which include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries
(BioModeling, First Vivos, Vivos Therapeutics (Canada) Inc., Vivos Management and Development, LLC, Vivos Del Mar Management, LLC, Vivos Modesto Management, LLC, Vivos Therapeutics DSO LLC, a Colorado
limited liability company, and Vivos Airway Alliances, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company),
are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are
required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out
of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election
to opt out is irrevocable. The Company currently expects to retain its status as an emerging growth company until the year ending December
31, 2026, but this status could end sooner under certain circumstances. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company generates revenue from the sale of products and services. A significant majority of the Company s revenues are generated
from enrolling dentists in the VIP program and sales of products and services to VIPs. Revenue is recognized when control of the products
or services is transferred to customers (i.e., VIP dentists ordering such products or services for their patients) in a way that reflects
the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products and services. 

Following
the guidance of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 and the applicable provisions of
ASC Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 ), the Company determines revenue recognition through the following five-step model,
which entails: 

1) 
 identification
 of the promised goods or services in the contract; 

2) 
 determination
 of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the
 contract; 

3) 
 measurement
 of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; 

4) 
 allocation
 of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and 

5) 
 recognition
 of revenue when, or as the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

Service
Revenue 

VIP
Enrollment Revenue 

The
Company reviews its VIP enrollment contracts from a revenue recognition perspective using the 5-step method outlined above. Once it is
determined that a contract exists (a VIP enrollment agreement is executed and payment is received), service revenue related to VIP enrollments
is recognized when the underlying services are performed. The price of the standard VIP enrollment that the VIP pays upon execution of
the contract is significant, running at approximately 31,500, with different entry levels from 2,500 to 50,000. Unearned revenue reported on the balance sheet as contract liability represents
the portion of fees paid by VIP customers for services that have not yet been performed as of the reporting date and are recorded as
the service is rendered. The Company recognizes this revenue as performance obligations are met. Accordingly, the contract liability
for unearned revenue is a significant liability for the Company. Provisions for discounts are provided in the same period that the related
revenue from the products and/or services is recorded. 

- 69 - 

The
Company enters into programs that may provide for multiple performance obligations. Commencing in 2018, the Company began enrolling medical
and dental professionals in a one-year program (later known as the VIP Program) which includes training in a highly personalized, deep
immersion workshop format which provides the VIP dentist access to a team who is dedicated to creating a successful integrated practice.
The key topics covered in training include case selection, clinical diagnosis, appliance design, adjunctive therapies, instructions on
ordering the Company s products, guidance on pricing, instruction on insurance reimbursement protocols and interacting with our
proprietary software system and the many features on the Company s website. The initial training and educational workshop are typically
provided within the first 30 to 45 days that a VIP enrolls. Ongoing support and additional training are provided throughout the year and
includes access to the Company s proprietary Airway Intelligence Service AIS which provides the VIP with resources
to help simplify the diagnostic and treatment planning process. AIS is provided as part of the price of each appliance and is not a separate
revenue stream. Following the year of training and support, a VIP may pay for seminars and training courses that meet the Provider s
needs on a subscription or a course-by-course basis. 

VIP
enrollment fees include multiple performance obligations which vary on a contract by contract basis. The performance obligations included
with enrollments may include sleep apnea rings, a six or twelve months BIS subscription, a marketing package, lab credits and the right
to sell our appliances. We allocate the transaction price of a VIP enrollment contract to each performance obligation under
such contract using the relative standalone selling price method. The relative standalone price method is based on the proportion of
the standalone selling price of each performance obligation to the sum of the total standalone selling prices of all the performance
obligations in the contract. 

The
right to sell is similar to a license of intellectual property because without it the VIP cannot purchase appliances from us.
The right to sell performance obligation includes the Vivos training and enrollment materials which prepare dentists for treating their
patients using The Vivos Method. 

Because
the right to sell is never sold outside of VIP contracts, and VIP contracts are sold for varying prices, we believes it
is appropriate to estimate the standalone selling price of this performance obligation using the residual method. As such, the observable
prices of other performance obligations under a VIP contract will be deducted from the contract price, with the residual being allocated
to the right to sell performance obligation. 

Our management uses significant judgements in revenue recognition including an estimation of customer life over which it recognizes the right
to sell. Our management has determined that VIPs who do not complete sessions 1 and 2 of training rarely complete training at all and fail
to participate in the VIP program long term. Since the beginning of the VIP program, just under one-third of new VIP members fall into
this category, and the revenue allocated to the right to sell for those VIPs is accelerated at the time in which it becomes remote that
a VIP will continue in the program. Revenue is recognized in accordance with each individual performance obligation unless it becomes
remote the VIP would continue, at which time the remainder of review is accelerated and recognized in the following month. Those VIPs
who complete training typically remain active for a much longer period, and revenue from the right to sell for those VIPs is recognized
over the estimated period of which those VIPs will remain active. Because of various factors occurring year to year, our management has
estimated customer life for each year a contract is initiated. The estimated customer lives are calculated separately for each year and
have been estimated at 15 months for 2020, 14 months for 2021 and 18 months for 2022. The right to sell is recognized on a sum of the
years digits method over the estimated customer life for each year as this approximates the rate of decline in VIPs purchasing
behaviors we have observed. 

Other
Service Revenue 

In
addition to VIP enrollment service revenue, in 2020 we launched BIS, an additional service on a monthly subscription basis,
which includes our AireO2 medical billing and practice management software. Revenue for these services is recognized
monthly during the month the services are rendered. 

- 70 - 

Also,
we offer our VIPs the ability to provide MyoCorrect to the VIP s patients as part of treatment with The Vivos Method. The
program includes packages of treatment sessions that are sold to the VIPs, and resold to their patients. Revenue for MyoCorrect
services is recognized over the 12-month performance period as therapy sessions occur. 

Allocation
of Revenue to Performance Obligations 

We identify all goods and services that are delivered separately under a sales arrangement and allocates revenue to each performance
obligation based on relative fair values. These fair values approximate the prices for the relevant performance obligation that would
be charged if those services were sold separately, and are recognized over the relevant service period of each performance obligation.
After allocation to the performance obligations, any remainder is allocated to the right to sell under the residual method and is recognized
over the estimated customer life. In general, revenues are separated between durable medical equipment (product revenue) and education
and training services (service revenue). 

Treatment
of Discounts and Promotions 

From
time to time, we offer various discounts to its customers. These include the following: 

1) 
 Discount
 for cash paid in full 

2) 
 Conference
 or trade show incentives, such as subscription enrollment into the SleepImage home sleep test program, or free trial
 period for the SleepImage lease program 

3) 
 Negotiated
 concessions on annual enrollment fee 

4) 
 Credits/rebates
 to be used towards future product orders such as lab rebates 

The amount of the discount is
determined up front prior to the sale. Accordingly, measurement is determined before the sale occurs and revenue is recognized based on
the terms agreed upon between the Company and the customer over the performance period. In rare circumstances, a discount has been given
after the sale during a conference which is offering a discount to full price. In this situation revenue is measured and the change in
transaction price is allocated over the remaining performance obligation. 

The
amount of consideration can vary by customer due to promotions and discounts authorized to incentivize a sale. Prior to the sale, the
customer and we agree upon the amount of consideration that the customer will pay in exchange for the services we provide. The net consideration
that the customer has agreed to pay is the expected value that is recognized as revenue over the service period. At the end of each reporting
period, we update the transaction price to represent the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and any changes in
circumstances during the reporting period. 

Product
Revenue 

In
addition to revenue from services, we also generate revenue from the sale of its patented oral devices and preformed guides (known as
appliances or systems) to its customers, the VIP dentists. Revenue from the appliance sale is recognized when control of product is transferred
to the VIP in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products. The VIP in turn
charges the VIP s patient and or patient s insurance a fee for the appliance and for his or her professional services in
measuring, fitting, installing the appliance and educating the patient as to its use. We contract with VIPs for the sale of the appliance
and is not involved in the sale of the products and services from the VIP to the VIP s patient. 

The
appliance is similar to a retainer that is worn after braces are removed. Each appliance is unique and is fitted to the patient. We utilize
our network of certified VIPs throughout the United States and in some non-U.S. jurisdictions to sell the appliances to their customers
as well as in two dental centers that we operate. We utilize third party contract manufacturers or labs to produce its customized, patented
appliances and preformed guides. The manufacturer designated by us produces the appliance in strict adherence to our patents, design
files, protocols, processes and procedures and under the direction and specific instruction of the Company, ships the appliance to the
VIP who ordered the appliance from us. All of our contract manufacturers are required to follow our master design files in production
of appliances or the lab will be in violation of the FDA s rules and regulations. We performed an analysis under ASC 606-10-55-36
through 55-40 and concluded that we are the principal in the transaction and are reporting revenue on a gross basis. We bill the applicable
VIP the contracted price for the appliance which is recorded as product revenue. Product revenue is recognized once the appliance ships
to the VIP under our direction. 

- 71 - 

Within
each of the two centers that we own, we utilize a team of medical professionals to measure, order and fit each appliance. Upon
scheduling the patient (which is our customer in this case), the center takes a deposit and reviews the patient s insurance
coverage. Revenue is recognized differently for our owned centers than for revenue we recognize form VIPs. We recognize revenue
from our centers after the appliance is received from the manufacturer and once the appliance is fitted and provided to the
patient. 

We
offer certain dentists (known as Clinical Advisors) discounts from standard VIP pricing. This is done to help encourage Clinical Advisors,
who help the VIPs with technical aspects of our products and to purchase our products for their own practices. In addition, from time
to time, we offer credits to incentivize VIPs to adopt our products and increase Vivos Method case volume within their practices. These
performance obligations are recorded as revenue in future periods over the life of the credit. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions,
and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our management bases
its estimates and assumptions on existing facts, historical experience, and various other factors that it believes are reasonable
under the circumstances, to determine the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Our significant accounting estimates include, but are not necessarily limited to, assessing collectability on accounts
receivable, the determination of customer life and breakage related to recognizing revenue for VIP contracts, notes receivable,
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets; valuation assumptions for assets acquired in business combinations; valuation
assumptions for stock options, warrants and equity instruments issued for goods or services; deferred income taxes and the related
valuation allowances; and the evaluation and measurement of contingencies. Additionally, the full impact of COVID-19 and its
variants is unknown and cannot be reasonably estimated. However, we have made appropriate accounting estimates based on the facts
and circumstances available as of the reporting date. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the
actual results, our future consolidated results of operations will be affected. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

All
highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less that are freely available for the Company s
immediate and general business use are classified as cash and cash equivalents. 

Accounts
Receivable, Net 

The
accounts receivable in the accompanying financial statements are stated at the amounts management expects to collect. Our management performs
credit evaluations of its customers financial condition and may require a prepayment for a portion of the services to be performed.
We reduce accounts receivable by estimating an allowance that may become uncollectible in the future. Management determines
the estimated allowance for uncollectible amounts based on its judgements in evaluating the aging of the receivables and the financial
condition of our clients. 

Property
and Equipment, Net 

Property
and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful lives of the assets, which ranges from 4 to 5 years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is recognized using
the straight-line method over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the term of the respective leases which range between 5 and
7 years. We do not begin depreciating assets until they are placed in service. 

- 72 - 

Intangible
Assets, Net 

Intangible
assets consist of assets acquired from First Vivos and costs paid to (i) MyoCorrect, LLC MyoCorrect LLC ), from whom we acquired certain assets related to our OMT service in March 2021 and (ii) Lyon Management and Consulting, LLC and its affiliates Lyon Dental ), from whom we acquired certain medical billing and practice management software, licenses and contracts
in April 2021 (including the software underlying AireO2) for work related to our acquired patents, intellectual property
and customer contracts. The identifiable intangible assets acquired from First Vivos and Lyon Dental for customer contracts are amortized
using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the assets, which approximates 5 years (See Note 6). The costs paid to MyoCorrect
LLC and Lyon Dental for patents and intellectual property are amortized over the life of the underlying patents, which approximates 15
years. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
is the excess of acquisition cost of an acquired entity over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is not
amortized but tested for impairment annually or whenever indicators of impairment exist. These indicators may include a significant
change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant
portion of the business or other factors. We test for impairment annually as of December 31. There was no impairment of
goodwill recognized at December 31, 2021. There were no quantitative or qualitative indicators of impairment that occurred for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and accordingly, no impairment was required. 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets 

We
review and evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an
asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to, (1) a significant
decrease in the market value of an asset, (2) a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or (3)
an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. We measure the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows associated with it. Should the sum of the expected future net cash flows be less than the carrying value of the
asset being evaluated, an impairment loss would be recognized. The impairment loss would be calculated as the amount by which the
carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. The fair value is measured based on quoted market prices, if available. If
quoted market prices are not available, the estimate of fair value is based on various valuation techniques, including the
discounted value of estimated future cash flows. The evaluation of asset impairment requires us to make assumptions about future
cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment and actual results may differ
from assumed and estimated amounts. Our evaluation of long-lived assets completed for the years ended December 31, 2021 resulted in
no impairment loss. There were no quantitative or qualitative indicators of impairment that occurred for the year ended December 31,
2022 and accordingly, no impairment was required. 

Equity
Offering Costs 

Commissions,
legal fees and other costs that are directly associated with equity offerings are capitalized as deferred offering costs, pending a determination
of the success of the offering. Deferred offering costs related to successful offerings are charged to additional paid-in capital in
the period it is determined that the offering was successful. Deferred offering costs related to unsuccessful equity offerings are recorded
as expense in the period when it is determined that an offering is unsuccessful. 

Accounting
for Payroll Protection Program Loan 

We accounted for our U.S.
Small Business Administration s SBA Payroll Protection Program PPP loan as a debt instrument under
ASC 470, Debt . We recognized the original principal balance as a financial liability with interest accrued at the contractual rate
over the term of the loan. On January 21, 2022, our PPP loan received of May 8, 2020 was forgiven by the SBA in its entirety, which includes
approximately 1.3 million in principal. As a result, we recorded a gain on the forgiveness of the loan in the quarter ended March 31,
2022 under non-operating income (expense). 

- 73 - 

Loss
and Gain Contingencies 

We
are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business. An estimated loss contingency
is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired, or a liability has been incurred, and the amount of loss can be reasonably
estimated. If some amount within a range of loss appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range, we accrue that
amount. Alternatively, when no amount within a range of loss appears to be a better estimate than any other amount, we accrue the lowest
amount in the range. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the range of the loss is estimable, then we disclose the
range of the possible loss. If we cannot estimate the range of loss, we will disclose the reason why we cannot estimate the range of
loss. Our management regularly evaluates current information available to it to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual
should be adjusted and if a range of possible loss should be disclosed. Legal fees related to contingencies are charged to general and
administrative expense as incurred. Contingencies that may result in gains are not recognized until realization is assured, which typically
requires collection in cash. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

We
measure the cost of employee and director services received in exchange for all equity awards granted, including stock options,
based on the fair market value of the award as of the grant date. We compute the fair value of stock options using the
Black-Scholes-Merton BSM option pricing model. We estimate the expected term using the simplified method which is the
average of the vesting term and the contractual term of the respective options. We determine the expected price volatility based on
the historical volatilities of shares of our peer group as we do not have a sufficient trading history for our Common Stock.
Industry peers consist of several public companies in the bio-tech industry similar to us in size, stage of life cycle and financial
leverage. We intend to continue to consistently apply this process using the same or similar public companies until a sufficient
amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available, or unless circumstances change
such that the identified companies are no longer similar to us, in which case, more suitable companies whose share prices are
publicly available would be utilized in the calculation. We recognize the cost of the equity awards over the period that services
are provided to earn the award, usually the vesting period. For awards granted which contain a graded vesting schedule, and the only
condition for vesting is a service condition, compensation cost is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period as if the award were, in substance, a single award. We recognize the impact of forfeitures and
cancellations in the period that the forfeiture or cancellations occurs, rather than estimating the number of awards that are not
expected to vest in accounting for stock-based compensation. 

Research
and Development 

Costs
related to research and development are expensed as incurred and include costs associated with research and development of new products
and enhancements to existing products. Research and development costs incurred were approximately 0.2 million and less than 0.1 million
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Leases 

Operating
leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU asset, accrued expenses, and operating lease liability 
current and non-current portion in our balance sheets. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and
lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities
are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present
value of lease payments, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date as the
rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The determination of our incremental borrowing rate requires management judgment
based on information available at lease commencement. The operating lease ROU assets also include adjustments for prepayments, accrued
lease payments and exclude lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise such options. Operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term.
Lease agreements entered into after the adoption of ASC 842 that include lease and non-lease components are accounted for as a single
lease component. Lease agreements with a noncancelable term of less than 12 months are not recorded on our balance sheets. 

- 74 - 

Income
Taxes 

We
account for income taxes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes, under which deferred
income taxes are recognized based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities given the provisions of enacted tax laws. Deferred income tax provisions and benefits are based on changes to
the assets or liabilities from year to year. In providing for deferred taxes, we consider tax regulations of the jurisdictions in which
we operate, estimates of future taxable income, and available tax planning strategies. If tax regulations, operating results, or the
ability to implement tax-planning strategies vary, adjustments to the carrying value of deferred tax assets and liabilities may be required.
A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The recorded valuation
allowance is based on significant estimates and judgments and if the facts and circumstances change, the valuation allowance could materially
change. In accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, we recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining
that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more
likely than not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent
likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. We recognize interest and penalties accrued on
any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 

Basic
and Diluted Net Loss Per Share 

Basic
net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for each period presented. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by giving effect to all potential shares
of Common Stock, including stock options, convertible debt, preferred stock (if any), and warrants, to the extent dilutive. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard setting bodies that
are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements included in this Report, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective could have a material
impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. For additional information on recently issued accounting standards
and our plans for adoption of those standards, please refer to the section titled Recent Accounting Pronouncements under Note
1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Trade
Policy Risk. Certain of our products or components are manufactured outside the United States. Most products imported into the United
States is subject to duty and restrictive quotas on the amount of products that can be imported from certain countries into the United
States each year. Because of the duty rates and quotas, changes in U.S. trade policy as reflected in various legislation, trade preference
programs and trade agreements have the potential to materially impact our sourcing strategy and the competitiveness of its contract manufacturers.
We manage this risk by continually monitoring U.S. trade policy, analyzing the impact of changes in such policy and adjusting its manufacturing
and sourcing strategy accordingly. 

Foreign
Currency Risk. We receive United States dollars for all of our product sales. Currently, all inventory purchases from our non-U.S.
contract manufacturers are also denominated in United States dollars; however, should we make purchases in foreign currencies in the
future, purchase prices for our products may be impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, which
may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods in the future. 

Commodity
Price Risk. We are subject to commodity price risk arising from price fluctuations in the market prices of sourced titanium and steel
products or the various raw materials components of its manufactured products. We are subject to commodity price risk to the extent that
any fluctuations in the market prices of its purchased titanium and steel products and raw materials are not reflected by adjustments
in selling prices of its products or if such adjustments significantly trail changes in these costs. We neither enter into significant
long-term sales contracts nor enter into significant long-term purchase contracts. We do not engage in hedging activities with respect
to such risk . 

Credit
Risk. Credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from non-performance or non-payment by counterparties pursuant to the terms
of their contractual obligations. Risks surrounding counterparty performance and credit could ultimately impact the amount and timing
of expected cash flows. Certain financial instruments potentially subject our company to a concentration of credit risk. These financial
instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts and vendor receivables. We place our cash and cash equivalents
with high-credit, quality financial institutions. The balances in these accounts exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. 

- 75 - 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 -77- 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 -78- 
 
 Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 -79- 
 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity (deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 -80- 
 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 -81- 
 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 -82- 

- 76 - 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the
financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans in
regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

March
30, 2023 

- 77 - 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Tenant improvement allowance receivable 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets 

Goodwill 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Deposits and other 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of contract liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 
 - 

Current portion of operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of deferred rent 
 - 

Current portion of lease incentive liability 
 - 

Other current liabilities 
 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Contract liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease
 liability, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred rent, net of current portion 
 - 

Lease incentive liability, net of current portion 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred Stock, par value per share. Authorized shares; shares
 issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock, par value per share. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding
 shares as of December 31,2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 78 - 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Product revenue 

Service revenue 

Total
 revenue 

Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately
 below) 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Impairment loss 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Non-operating income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 - 

Other expense 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders (basic and diluted) 

Weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (basic and
 diluted) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 79 - 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
Thousands) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of Common Stock: 

In follow-on public offering, net of issuance costs 

To consultants for services 

Exercise of stock options 

Fair value of warrants issued: 

To consultants for services 

In business combination 

For purchase of assets 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Fair value of warrants issued: 

To consultants for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

In business combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 For purchase of assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 80 - 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
Thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Loss on disposal of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Fair value of warrants issued for services 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 

Accretion of discount on note receivable 
 - 

Forgiveness of indebtedness income 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment on note receivable 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Operating lease assets and
 liabilities, net 

Tenant improvement allowance 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Contract liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisitions of property and equipment 

Payment for business acquisition 
 - 

Principal collections under note receivable 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 

Redemption of preferred stock 
 - 

Payments for issuance costs 
 - 

Principal payments on debt 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Fair value of warrants issued in asset purchase 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued in business acquisition 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued to underwriters in connection with follow-on offering 
 - 

Capital expenditures included in accounts payable 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 81 - 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

par value per share, of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

 to eight percent of all net revenue from sleep-related services as well as development fees and (v) MyoCorrect, a service through which VIPs can
provide orofacial myofunctional therapy OMT to patients via telemedicine technology MyoCorrect ). 

, with different entry levels from to . Unearned revenue reported on the balance sheet as contract liability represents
the portion of fees paid by VIP customers for services that have not yet been performed as of the reporting date and are recorded as
the service is rendered. The Company recognizes this revenue as performance obligations are met. Accordingly, the contract liability
for unearned revenue is a significant liability for the Company. Provisions for discounts are provided in the same period that the related
revenue from the products and/or services is recorded. 

The
Company enters into programs that may provide for multiple performance obligations. Commencing in 2018, the Company began enrolling medical
and dental professionals in a one-year program (later known as the VIP Program) which includes training in a highly personalized, deep
immersion workshop format which provides the VIP dentist access to a team who is dedicated to creating a successful integrated practice.
The key topics covered in training include case selection, clinical diagnosis, appliance design, adjunctive therapies, instructions on
ordering the Company s products, guidance on pricing, instruction on insurance reimbursement protocols and interacting with our
proprietary software system and the many features on the Company s website. The initial training and educational workshop are typically
provided within the first 30 to 45 days that a VIP enrolls. Ongoing support and additional training are provided throughout the year and
includes access to the Company s proprietary Airway Intelligence Service AIS which provides the VIP with resources
to help simplify the diagnostic and treatment planning process. AIS is provided as part of the price of each appliance and is not a separate
revenue stream. Following the year of training and support, a VIP may pay for seminars and training courses that meet the Provider s
needs on a subscription or a course-by-course basis. 

VIP
enrollment fees include multiple performance obligations which vary on a contract by contract basis. The performance obligations included
with enrollments may include sleep apnea rings, a six or twelve months BIS subscription, a marketing package, lab credits and the right
to sell our appliances. The Company allocates the transaction price of a VIP enrollment contract to each performance obligation under
such contract using the relative standalone selling price method. The relative standalone price method is based on the proportion of
the standalone selling price of each performance obligation to the sum of the total standalone selling prices of all the performance
obligations in the contract. 

The
right to sell is similar to a license of intellectual property because without it the VIP cannot purchase appliances from the Company.
The right to sell performance obligation includes the Vivos training and enrollment materials which prepare dentists for treating their
patients using The Vivos Method. 

Because
the right to sell is never sold outside of VIP contracts, and VIP contracts are sold for varying prices, the Company believes that it
is appropriate to estimate the standalone selling price of this performance obligation using the residual method. As such, the observable
prices of other performance obligations under a VIP contract will be deducted from the contract price, with the residual being allocated
to the right to sell performance obligation. 

The
Company uses significant judgements in revenue recognition including an estimation of customer life over which it recognizes the right
to sell. The Company has determined that VIPs who do not complete sessions 1 and 2 of training rarely complete training at all and fail
to participate in the VIP program long term. Since the beginning of the VIP program, just under one-third of new VIP members fall into
this category, and the revenue allocated to the right to sell for those VIPs is accelerated at the time in which it becomes remote that
a VIP will continue in the program. Revenue is recognized in accordance with each individual performance obligation unless it becomes
remote the VIP would continue, at which time the remainder of review is accelerated and recognized in the following month. Those VIPs
who complete training typically remain active for a much longer period, and revenue from the right to sell for those VIPs is recognized
over the estimated period of which those VIPs will remain active. Because of various factors occurring year to year, the Company has
estimated customer life for each year a contract is initiated. The estimated customer lives are calculated separately for each year and
have been estimated at 15 months for 2020, 14 months for 2021 and 18 months for 2022. The right to sell is recognized on a sum of the
years digits method over the estimated customer life for each year as this approximates the rate of decline in VIPs purchasing
behaviors we have observed. 

Other
Service Revenue 

In
addition to VIP enrollment service revenue, in 2020 the Company launched BIS, an additional service on a monthly subscription basis,
which includes the Company s AireO2 medical billing and practice management software. Revenue for these services is recognized
monthly during the month the services are rendered. 

Also,
the Company offers its VIPs the ability to provide MyoCorrect to the VIP s patients as part of treatment with The Vivos
Method. The program includes packages of treatment sessions that are sold to the VIPs, and resold to their patients. Revenue for MyoCorrect
services is recognized over the 12-month performance period as therapy sessions occur. 

Allocation
of Revenue to Performance Obligations 

The
Company identifies all goods and services that are delivered separately under a sales arrangement and allocates revenue to each performance
obligation based on relative fair values. These fair values approximate the prices for the relevant performance obligation that would
be charged if those services were sold separately, and are recognized over the relevant service period of each performance obligation.
After allocation to the performance obligations, any remainder is allocated to the right to sell under the residual method and is recognized
over the estimated customer life. In general, revenues are separated between durable medical equipment (product revenue) and education
and training services (service revenue). 

Treatment
of Discounts and Promotions 

From
time to time, the Company offers various discounts to its customers. These include the following: 

1) 
 Discount
 for cash paid in full 

2) 
 Conference
 or trade show incentives, such as subscription enrollment into the SleepImage home sleep test program, or free trial
 period for the SleepImage lease program 

3) 
 Negotiated
 concessions on annual enrollment fee 

4) 
 Credits/rebates
 to be used towards future product orders such as lab rebates 

The
amount of the discount is determined up front prior to the sale. Accordingly, measurement is determined before the sale occurs and revenue
is recognized based on the terms agreed upon between the Company and the customer over the performance period. In rare circumstances,
a discount has been given after the sale during a conference which is offering a discount to full price. In this situation revenue is
measured and the change in transaction price is allocated over the remaining performance obligation. 

The
amount of consideration can vary by customer due to promotions and discounts authorized to incentivize a sale. Prior to the sale, the
customer and the Company agree upon the amount of consideration that the customer will pay in exchange for the services the Company provides.
The net consideration that the customer has agreed to pay is the expected value that is recognized as revenue over the service period.
At the end of each reporting period, the Company updates the transaction price to represent the circumstances present at the end of the
reporting period and any changes in circumstances during the reporting period. 

Product
Revenue 

In
addition to revenue from services, the Company also generates revenue from the sale of its patented oral devices and preformed guides
(known as appliances or systems) to its customers, the VIP dentists. Revenue from the appliance sale is recognized when control of product
is transferred to the VIP in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products. The
VIP in turn charges the VIP s patient and or patient s insurance a fee for the appliance and for his or her professional
services in measuring, fitting, installing the appliance and educating the patient as to its use. The Company is contracted with VIPs
for the sale of the appliance and is not involved in the sale of the products and services from the VIP to the VIP s patient. 

The
appliance is similar to a retainer that is worn after braces are removed. Each appliance is unique and is fitted to the patient. The
Company utilizes its network of certified VIPs throughout the United States and in some non-U.S. jurisdictions to sell the appliances
to their customers as well as in two centers that the Company operates. The Company utilizes third party contract manufacturers or labs
to produce its unique, patented appliances and preformed guides. The manufacturer designated by the Company produces the appliance in
strict adherence to the Company s patents, design files, treatments, processes and procedures and under the direction and specific
instruction of the Company, ships the appliance to the VIP who ordered the appliance from the Company. All of the Company s contract
manufacturers are required to follow the Company s master design files in production of appliances or the lab will be in violation
of the FDA s rules and regulations. The Company performed an analysis under ASC 606-10-55-36 through 55-40 and concluded it is
the principal in the transaction and is reporting revenue gross. The Company bills the VIP the contracted price for the appliance which
is recorded as product revenue. Product revenue is recognized once the appliance ships to the VIP under the direction of the Company. 

Within
each center, the Company utilizes a team of medical professionals to measure, order and fit each appliance. Upon scheduling the patient
(which is the Company s customer in this case), the center takes a deposit and reviews the patient s insurance coverage.
Revenue is recognized differently for Company owned centers than for revenue from VIPs. The Company recognizes revenue in the centers
after the appliance is received from the manufacturer and once the appliance is fitted and provided to the patient. 

The
Company offers certain dentists (known as Clinical Advisors) discounts from standard VIP pricing. This is done to help encourage Clinical
Advisors, who help the VIPs with technical aspects of the Company s products, to purchase Company products for their own practices.
In addition, from time to time, the Company offers credits to incentivize VIPs to adopt the Company s products and increase case
volume within their practices. These performance obligations are recorded as revenue in future periods over the life of the credit. 

to years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is recognized using
the straight-line method over the shorter of the life of the improvement or the term of the respective leases which range between 5 and
7 years. The Company does not begin depreciating assets until assets are placed in service. 

years. 

million in principal. As a result, the Company
recorded a gain on the forgiveness of the loan in the quarter ended March 31, 2022 under non-operating income (expense). 

million for years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

million and a right-of-use (ROU) asset of approximately million, while eliminating deferred rent of approximately million and tenant improvement allowance of approximately
 million.
We applied the new lease standard to all open leases as of the adoption date, with no retrospective adjustments to prior comparative
periods. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12 , Income Taxes (Topic 740), Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which is intended
to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles
in Topic 740 and clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. ASU 2019-12 was effective for the Company
beginning in the first quarter of 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company incurred
a net loss of approximately million. Net cash used in operating activities amounted to approximately million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total liabilities of approximately million. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in cash and cash equivalents, which may not be sufficient to fund the
operations and strategic objectives of the Company over the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements.
Without additional financing, these factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company will be required to obtain additional financing and expects to satisfy its cash needs primarily from the issuance of equity securities
or indebtedness in order to sustain operations until it can achieve profitability and positive cash flows, if ever. There can be no assurances,
however, that adequate additional funding will be available on favorable terms, or at all. If such funds are not available in the future,
the Company may be required to delay, significantly modify or terminate its operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect
on the Company. 

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable regulations of the SEC, that are reasonably likely
to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources. 

(1) 
 
 Center revenue 

Total product revenue 

Service revenue 

VIP 
 
 (3) 
 
 Billing intelligence services 
 
 (2) 
 
 Management service revenue (includes MID) 

Myofunctional therapy services 

Sponsorship/seminar/other 

Total service revenue 

Total revenue 

(1) 

(2) 
 million increase. 
 
 (3) 
 million
 decrease. 

Changes
in Contract Liabilities 

New contracts, net of cancellations 

Revenue recognized 

Ending balance, December 31 

Current
portion of deferred revenue is approximately million which is expected to be recognized over the next 12 months from the date of
the period presented. 

Shipping
Costs 

Shipping
costs for product deliveries to customers are expensed as incurred and totaled approximately million and million for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shipping costs for product deliveries to customers are included in cost of goods sold
in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Molds 

Gross property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net Property and equipment 

Leasehold
improvements relate to the Vivos Institute (the Company s square foot facility where the Company provides advanced post-graduate
education and certification to dentists, dental teams, and other healthcare professionals in a live and hands-on setting) and the two
Company-owned dental centers in Colorado. Total depreciation and amortization expense was million and million for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following acquisitions (in thousands): 

 SCHEDULE OF GOODWILL 

December 31, 
 
 Acquisitions 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 BioModeling 

Empowered Dental 

Lyon Dental 

Total goodwill 

As
described in Note 1 above, on August 16, 2016, BioModeling entered into the SEA with First Vivos and Vivos. The transaction was accounted
for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization, with BioModeling as the acquirer for financial reporting and accounting purposes.
As a result of the transaction, we identified intangible assets of million and goodwill (including the acquired workforce) of 
million was recorded in accounting for the reverse acquisition. 

In
November 2018, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Empowered Dental Lab, LLC, a Utah limited liability company Empowered Dental ), under which the Company agreed to purchase certain inventory and assets from Empowered Dental in exchange
for total consideration of . As a result of the transaction, goodwill of was recognized in accounting for this transaction
as a business combination. 

On
April 14, 2021, the Company acquired certain assets of Lyon Dental. The business acquisition allowed the Company to expand and enhance
its current medical billing practice services under the name AireO2, which services are provided through the Company s BIS offering.
The consideration transferred includes million in cash and a warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price of 
per share fair valued using a Black-Scholes Model as of April 14, 2021 for a total of million, when combined the total consideration
exchanged is million, the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the acquired assets was allocated to goodwill. 

Intangible
Assets 

Trade name 

Other 

Total intangible assets 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net intangible assets 

Amortization
expense of identifiable intangible assets was less than million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The estimated future amortization of identifiable intangible assets is as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accrued legal and other 

Lab rebate liabilities 

Total accrued expenses 

million in loan funding through the PPP that was part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act signed into law in March 2020. The interest rate on the loan was per year
and was scheduled to mature on . The Company used these funds to assist with payroll, rent and utilities. On January 21, 2022,
the PPP loan was forgiven by the SBA in its entirety. As a result, the Company recorded other income on the forgiveness of the loan in
the first quarter of 2022. 

shares of Preferred Stock. At December 31, 2020, all previously
issued shares of Preferred Stock had been redeemed or converted to shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s
Board of Directors has authority to designate up to an additional million shares of Preferred Stock in various series that provide
for liquidation preferences, and voting, dividend, conversion, and redemption rights as determined at the discretion of the Board of
Directors. 

shares of Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held.
The Company s Board of Directors may declare dividends payable to the holders of Common Stock. 

million shares of Common Stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan. 

In
April 2019, the Company s shareholders approved the adoption of a stock and option award plan (the 2019 Plan ), under
which shares were reserved for future issuance for Common Stock options, restricted stock awards and other equity awards. The 2019 Plan
permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and other independent contractors. The Company s shareholders
originally approved a total reserve of shares of Common Stock for issuance under the 2019 Plan. At each of the Company s
annual meeting of stockholders held in 2020 and 2021, the Company s stockholders approved amendments to the 2019 Plan to increase
the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance thereunder by an aggregate of shares of Common Stock such that,
after such amendments, and prior to any grants, shares of Common Stock were available for issuance. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued stock options to purchase and shares of Common Stock
at a weighted average exercise price of and per share respectively, to certain members of the Board of Directors, employees
and consultants. The stock options allow the holders to purchase shares of Common Stock at prices between and per share.
Options for the purchase of shares of Common Stock expired as of December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes all stock
options as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (shares in thousands): 

Grants 

Forfeited/cancelled 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 (3) 

Outstanding, at December 31 
 (4) 

(4) 

Exercisable, at December 31 
 (5) 

(5) 

(1)

(2)

(3)
 
 million. 

(4) 
 . 

(5) 
 . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the valuation assumptions for stock options granted under the 2019 Plan
were estimated on the date of grant using the BSM option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

Based
on the assumptions set forth above, the weighted-average grant date fair value per share for stock options granted for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of share-based
compensation expense relating to the vesting of stock options. Unrecognized expense relating to these awards as of December 31, 2022
was approximately million, which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining term of years as of December 31, 2022. 

Warrants 

Grants of warrants: 

Consultants for services 
 (3) 

Acquisition of assets 
 - 

Outstanding, December 31 
 (4) 

(4) 

Exercisable, December 31 
 (5) 

(5) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 
 shares of Common Stock
 and are exercisable at per share. The aggregate fair value of the February warrants amounted to million which is being
 recognized over the period that the services are provided. In May, 2022, the Company granted warrants to consultants in exchange
 for marketing and business development services. Warrants issued in May 2022 provide for the purchase of an aggregate of 
 shares of Common Stock and are exercisable at per share. The aggregate fair value of the May warrants amounted to million
 which is being recognized over the period that the services are provided. Warrants issued in December 2022 provide for the purchase
 of an aggregate of shares of Common Stock and are exercisable at per share. The aggregate fair value of the December
 warrants amounted to million which is being recognized over the period that the services are provided or according to the vesting
 schedule. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized expense of million. 

(4) 
 . 

(5) 
 . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the valuation assumptions for warrants issued were estimated on the measurement date using the BSM
option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Contractual term (years) (2) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

(1) 

(2) 

and , respectively, of Common Stock were granted
to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants. 

International 

Loss before income taxes 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Other permanent differences 
 
 - 
 
 State tax expenses 

Prior year adjustment to state NOL 

Non-qualified stock option cancellations 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax benefit 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Property, equipment and intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 
 (15,639 
 (10,766 
 
 Total deferred income tax assets after valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, equipment and intangibles 
 - 

ROU asset 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets and liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Management
assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the
existing deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss incurred since
inception. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence such as our projections for future
growth. On the basis of this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance of 
million has been recorded to record the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized. The net change during the
year in the total valuation allowance is an increase of 
million. 

The
Company has federal net operating loss carry forwards of million. The Company also has various state net operating loss carry forwards.
The determination of the state net operating loss carry forwards is dependent upon the apportionment percentages and state laws that
can change from year to year and impact the amount of such carry forwards. If federal net operating loss carry forwards are not utilized,
approximately million will begin to . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining federal net operating losses of 
million have no expiration dates. 

Federal
and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss NOL carryforwards in the event
of an ownership change for income tax purposes, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC ). Pursuant
to IRC Section 382, annual use of the Company s NOL carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership
of more than 50 occurs within a three-year period. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382 analysis regarding the limitation
of NOL carryforwards. However, it is possible that past ownership changes will result in the inability to utilize a significant portion
of the Company s NOL carryforward that was generated prior to any change of control. The Company s ability to use its remaining
NOL carryforwards may be further limited if the Company experiences an IRC Section 382 ownership change in connection with future changes
in the Company s stock ownership. 

Management
does not believe that there are significant uncertain tax positions related to the 2022 and 2021 taxable periods. There are no interest
and penalties related to uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the United States federal and various state jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to income
tax examinations for federal income taxes before 2019 or for states before 2018. Net operating loss carryforwards are subject to examination
in the year they are utilized regardless of whether the tax year in which they are generated has been closed by statute. The amount subject
to disallowance is limited to the NOL utilized. Accordingly, the Company may be subject to examination for prior NOL s generated
as such NOL s are utilized. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has filed all appropriate foreign operation tax returns. 

Inflation
and War in Ukraine 

The
Company believes the U.S. has entered a period of inflation which has increased (and may continue to increase) the Company and its suppliers 
costs as well as the end cost of the Company s products to consumers. To date, the Company been able to manage inflation risk without
a material adverse impact on its business or results of operations. However, inflationary pressures (including increases in the price
of raw material components of the Company s appliances) made it necessary for the Company to adjust its standard pricing for its
appliance products effective May 1, 2022. The full impact of such price adjustments on sales or demand for the Company s products
is not fully known at this time and may require the Company to adjust other aspects of its business as it seek to grow revenue and, ultimately,
achieve profitability and positive cash flow from operations. 

In
addition, worldwide supply chain constraints due in part to Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, have emerged as new
barriers to long-term economic recovery. 

These
conditions could cause an economic recession or depression to commence, and if such recession or depression is sustained, it could have
a material adverse effect on the Company business as demand for its products could decrease. Such conditions have also had, and may continue
to have, an adverse effect on the capital markets, with public stock price decreases and volatility, which could make it more difficult
for the Company to raise needed capital at the appropriate time. 

Operating
Leases 

The
Company has entered into various operating lease agreements for certain offices, medical facilities and training facilities. These leases
have original lease periods expiring between 2022 and 2029. Most leases include an option to renew and the exercise of a lease renewal
option typically occurs at the discretion of both parties. For purposes of calculating operating lease liabilities, lease terms are deemed
not to include options to extend the lease until it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. 

In
January 2017, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement for square feet of office in Johnstown, CO that was to commence
on March 1, 2018 and end February 28, 2025. As of January 1, 2022, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and lease
liabilities of million in the consolidated balance sheet representing the present value of minimum lease payments using the Company s
incremental borrowing rate of . 

In
May 2018, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement for square feet of office in Highlands Ranch, CO that was to commence
on November 1, 2018 and end on January 1, 2029. As of January 1, 2022, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and
lease liabilities of million in the consolidated balance sheet representing the present value of minimum lease payments using the
Company s incremental borrowing rate of . 

In
October 2020, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement for square feet of office in Orem, Utah that was to commence
on January 1, 2021 and end on December 1, 2025. As of January 1, 2022, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and
lease liabilities of million in the consolidated balance sheet representing the present value of minimum lease payments using the
Company s incremental borrowing rate of . 

In
April 2019, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement for square feet of office in Highlands Ranch, CO that was to
commence on May 1, 2019 and end on May 31, 2022. As of January 1, 2022, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and
lease liabilities of less than million in the consolidated balance sheet representing the present value of minimum lease payments
using the Company s incremental borrowing rate of . 

In
April 2019, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement for square feet of office in Denver, CO that was to commence
on September 23, 2020 and end on March 22, 2028. As of January 1, 2022, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and
lease liabilities of less than million in the consolidated balance sheet representing the present value of minimum lease payments
using the Company s incremental borrowing rate of . 

In
April 2022, the Company entered into a commercial lease agreement for square feet of office in Littleton, CO that was to commence
in May 16, 2022 and end on November 15, 2027. As of May 16, 2022, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and lease
liabilities of less than million in the consolidated balance sheet representing the present value of minimum lease payments using
the Company s incremental borrowing rate of . 

Total net lease cost 

Rent
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease expense, including real estate taxes and related costs, for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 aggregated approximately 
million, and 
million respectively. This is included under general and administrative expense. 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total 

Loss applicable to common stockholders 

Calculation of Denominator: 

Weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding 

Net loss per share of Common Stock (basic and diluted) 

Common stock options 

Total 

The
Company s policy is to recognize asset or liability transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 as of the actual date of the events
or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no transfers
of its assets or liabilities between levels of the fair value hierarchy. 

Significant
Concentrations 

Financial
instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and
accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at high-quality financial institutions. Cash
deposits, including those held in foreign branches of global banks, may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents with two financial institutions in the United States with an aggregate
balance of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents with two financial institutions in the United
States with an aggregate balance of million. The Company has never experienced any losses related to its investments in cash, cash
equivalents and restricted cash. 

Generally,
credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is diversified due to the number of entities comprising the Company s customer
base and their dispersion across different geographies and industries. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations on certain customers
and generally does not require collateral on accounts receivable. The Company maintains reserves for potential bad debts. 

of our securities in a private
placement consisting of shares of our Common Stock, a pre-funded warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of shares
of our Common Stock and a Common Stock purchase warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of our Common Stock (as the
context requires, we sometimes refer to the pre-funded warrant and the Common Stock purchase warrant issued in our January 2023 private
placement as the warrants ). The purchase price per share and associated Common Stock purchase warrant was , and the
purchase price per pre-funded warrant and associated Common Stock purchase warrant was . 

The
private placement closed on January 9, 2023. After the placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by us, we received
net proceeds of approximately million. We intend to use the net proceeds from the private placement for general working capital
and general corporate purposes. 

The
Common Stock purchase warrant entitles the holder, for a period of five years and 6 months, to purchase one share of Common Stock at
an exercise price of 1.20 per share. The pre-funded warrant entitles the holder, for a period until the entirety of the pre-funded warrant
is exercised, to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share. Both warrants contain a customary 
beneficial ownership limitation that may be waived at the option of the holder upon 61 days notice to us. 

The
Purchase Agreement includes standard representations, warranties and covenants. In addition, and subject to customary exceptions, the
Purchase Agreement provides that: 

(a)
from January 5, 2023 until ninety (90) days after the effective date of the registration statement, neither our company nor any subsidiary
of our company shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common
Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto, in each case other than as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below); or 

(b)
from January 5, 2023 until nine (9) months after the effective date of the registration statement, we shall be prohibited from effecting
or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by us or any of our subsidiaries of any shares of Common Stock or securities convertible
into or exercisable for Common Stock (or a combination of units thereof) involving a variable rate transaction , meaning
a transaction in which we (i) issue or sell any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for,
or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (i) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate
or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (ii) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to
being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to our business or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enter into, or effect a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby we may issue securities at a future determined
price. 

On
January 5, 2023, in connection with the private placement, we entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement with the investor, pursuant to which we agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC to register for resale
the shares issued in the private placement and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We is subject to customary
penalties and liquidated damages in the event we does not meet certain filing and effectiveness deadlines set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement, up to a maximum aggregate penalty of of the gross proceeds of the private placement. We have filed a registration
statement in order to satisfy our obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Roth
Capital Partners, LLC and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners acted as placement agents for the Private Placement (the Placement Agents ).
Pursuant to a placement agency agreement, dated January 5, 2023, between us and the Placement Agents (the Placement Agency Agreement ),
we agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by us in the private placement, in addition
to the reimbursement of of expenses. The Placement Agency Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, terms and
conditions, including for indemnification of the Placement Agents and their related parties by us. 

February
2023 Asset Purchase 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Advanced Facialdontics,
LLC, a New York limited liability company AFD ), pursuant to which the Company acquired certain
U.S. and international patents, trademarks, product rights, and other miscellaneous intellectual property from AFD (the Acquired
Assets . 

AFD s
flagship product, the Preventive Oral Device , known as the POD (the POD ), is a custom single
arch device with an FDA 510(k) clearance for treating an estimated 40 million patients in the U.S. and Canada with Temporomandibular
Joint Dysfunction TMD and/or Bruxism (teeth grinding or clenching), both known to be closely associated with OSA .
The Company s primary existing products are used by dentists to treat mild to moderate OSA. 

AFD s
second FDA 510(k) cleared product, known as the Night Block , is a custom dual-arch mandibular advancement oral appliance that
incorporates patented unilateral bite block technology, which can alleviate or eliminate many of the downsides of traditional oral appliance
treatment such as inflammation of the TMJ, facial pain, neck pain, headaches, tension, fatigue, clenching, and grinding. 

The
acquisition of these novel technologies, patent portfolio, related trademarks, and product rights further enhance the Company s
existing intellectual property and technology base, enabling the Company to provide new, complementary products to many OSA patients
who experience pain, discomfort, headaches, tooth loss, and other symptoms associated with TMD and Bruxism. 

In
addition, this acquisition will provide dentists and other healthcare professional who use the Company s existing products with
an additional treatment option for patients who do not have OSA, but suffer from jaw pain, headaches, and daytime fatigue. The Company
expects to be able to manufacture the AFD products through existing manufacturing relationships. 

Terms
of the Asset Purchase Agreement 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company provided the following consideration for the Acquired Assets: 

(i)
 in cash; 

(ii)
 shares of unregistered Common Stock; 

(iii)
cash earnout payments based on sliding-scale percentages (from low double digits to low single digits) based on the volume of future
sales of POD devices; 

(iv)
additional cash earnout payments based on different sliding-scale percentages (from low double digits to mid-single digits) based on
the volume of future sales of non-POD devices developed by the Company utilizing the Acquired Assets; 

(v)
a mid-single digit royalty on revenue received from licensing the Acquired Assets to third parties, including low five-digit quarterly
minimum royalties starting in 2024; 

(vi)
cash milestone payments of up to in the aggregate, based upon the achievement of specified milestones related to new FDA authorizations
for the Acquired Assets; and 

(vii)
a five-year warrant to purchase up to shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of 0.61 per share; provided, however, that
the shares of Common Stock underlying such warrant are subject to vesting only upon the achievement of specified milestones related to
new FDA authorizations for the Acquired Assets. 

In
addition, Dr. Scott Simonetti, DDS, the founder and Chief Executive Officer of AFD, has been hired as the Company s part-time Senior
Director of Research and Development for an annual salary of . 

- 104 - 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the appropriate time periods, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. We, under the supervisions of
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The material weakness is further described below. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

In
connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we and our independent
registered public accounting firm identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, the material weakness related to the operating effectiveness of our review controls in that we did not
put the appropriate resources in place to be able to identify technical accounting issues and perform review functions appropriately.
Material errors were also identified in our analysis and review of our VIP contracts for applicable factors to meet the definition of
a contract under ASC 606 Contracts with Customers , step 1, and our evaluation of our note receivable with respect to our former
Orem dental clinic for impairment in accordance with ASC 310 Receivables. 

Furthermore,
in 2022 we did not put the appropriate resources in place to be able to identify technical accounting issues and perform review functions
appropriately related to revenue recognition. Material errors were identified in our ability to determine that its existing revenue recognition
policy was consistent with the guidance in ASC 606. After analyzing contracts using the five-step process in ASC 606, we have determined
that for both VIP enrollment contracts and Orofacial Myofunctional Therapy (MyoCorrect), modifications to our revenue recognition policies
were required in order to identify the performance obligations and recognize the revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied
or over the customer life as applicable. 

Additionally, we
did not put the appropriate resources in place to be able to identify technical accounting issues and perform review functions appropriately.
Consequently, we did not effectively design, implement, and operate process-level control activities related to order-to-cash
(including revenue, trade receivables, allowance for doubtful accounts, deferred revenue, and bad debt expense), procure-to-pay (including
prepaid expenses), hire-to-pay (including compensation expense), and leases. These control deficiencies resulted in immaterial misstatements,
some of which were corrected, in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. These control
deficiencies, aggregated, create a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Nonetheless, we have concluded that this material weakness
does not require a restatement of or change in our consolidated financial statements for any prior interim period. We also developed
a remediation plan for this material weakness which is described below. 

Remediation
of Material Weakness 

We
are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and implementing measures designed to help ensure that significant
deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated as soon as possible. We believe we have made progress towards remediation
and continue to implement our remediation plan for the previously reported and current material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting, which includes steps to increase dedicated personnel, improve reporting processes, design, and implement new controls, and
enhance related supporting technology. We will consider the material weakness remediated after the applicable controls operate for a
sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing, that the controls are operating effectively. 

However, we cannot provide assurance that these or other measures will
fully remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner. If our remediation of these material weaknesses is not effective, it may cause
our company to become subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. It may also adversely affect investor confidence in our company
and, as a result, the value of our common stock. There can be no assurance that all existing material weaknesses have been identified,
or that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. 

Auditor s Attestation of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial
reporting due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Due
to the identification of the material weakness described above , we continue to seek to strengthen our internal control
structure by adding accounting staff, adding additional levels of review, adding accounting technical support, and we plan to engage
a consulting team to assist with the creation and implementation of processes. Except as described herein, we made no other changes
in internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the year
ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
Applicable. 

- 105 - 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table and text set forth the names and ages of our directors and executive officers as of March 28, 2023. Our Board of
Directors is comprised of only one class of directors. Also provided herein are brief descriptions of the business experience of
each director and executive officer during the past five years (based on information supplied by them) and an indication of
directorships held by each director in other public companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities
laws. During the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any legal proceedings that are
material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of such person: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 and Offices With the Company 
 
 R.
 Kirk Huntsman 
 
 65 
 
 Co-founder,
 Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Bradford
 Amman 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Ralph
 E. Green 
 
 83 
 
 Director 
 
 Anja
 Krammer 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark
 F. Lindsay 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Leonard
 J. Sokolow 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Matthew
 Thompson 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

The
biographical information concerning the directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below. 

Executive
Officers 

R.
Kirk Huntsman is a co-founder of our company and has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director since September 2016.
In June 2020, he was elected Chairman of the Board by our Board of Directors. In 1995, he founded Dental One (now Dental One Partners),
which, as President and Chief Executive Officer he grew to become one of the leading DSOs (dental service organizations) in the country,
with over 165 practices in 15 states. After a successful sale of Dental One to MSD Capital in 2008 and subsequent merger in 2009 with
Dental Care Partners, Mr. Huntsman was appointed in 2010 as Chief Executive Officer of ReachOut Healthcare America, a Morgan Stanley
Private Equity portfolio company. In 2012, he founded Xenith Practices, LLC, a DSO focused on rolling up larger independent general dental
offices, which were sold in 2015. From January 2014 to September 2015, Mr. Huntsman founded and served as the Chief Executive Officer
of Ortho Ventures, LLC, a U.S. distributor of certain pediatric oral appliances with applications for pediatric sleep related breathing disorder.
Since November 2015, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer of First Vivos, Inc., which is now our wholly owned subsidiary. He
was also a founding member of the Dental Group Practice Association (DGPA), now known as the Association of Dental Support Organizations
(ADSO). He is the father of Todd Huntsman, Sr. Vice President, Product and Technology. He holds a BS degree in finance from Brigham Young
University. 

Bradford
Amman has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 2018. From January 2017 to October 2018, Mr. Amman served as the
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of InLight Medical, a manufacturer and distributor of medical devices cleared by
the FDA for increased circulation and reduced pain. Prior to InLight, from 2010 to 2017, he served as CereScan Corp. s Chief Financial
Officer. CereScan specializes in state-of-the-art functional brain imaging, utilizing a patented process, the latest generation functional
imaging SPECT and PET cameras and the industry s leading brain imaging software to assist in the diagnosis of a magnitude of brain-related
conditions and disorders. Mr. Amman served as Chief Financial Officer of LifeVantage Corporation from 2006 to 2010, including during
its initial public offering. Mr. Amman holds a Master of Business Administration from the University of Notre Dame and a BS in Accounting
from the University of Denver. 

Directors 

Ralph
E. Green, DDS, MBA joined our Board of Directors in June 2020. He has devoted more than 35 years to senior level executive positions.
Since 2003, Dr. Green has served as President and CEO of his proprietary dental practice. From 2003 to 2017 he served as Vice President
of Clinical Affairs for ReachOut Healthcare America, a Morgan Stanley Private Equity company focused on Arizona s underserved children s
population. From1997 through 2002, Dr. Green was President of Zila Pharmaceuticals Inc. where he was engaged in clinical trials, patent
development and regulatory approval submissions. Dr. Green has done extensive research on bone growth and oral cancer. In the mid-1980 s,
Bofors Nobel-Pharma selected Dr. Green to establish the Swedish Branemark Dental Implant in America, now known as Nobel Biocare, the
global leader in dental implants with several billions in sales. In 1987, Dr. Green discovered and patented a method of activating the
titanium implant surface to enhance its success rate. He started his own titanium implant company, OTC America, which was acquired after
18 months by Collagen Corporation, where he served as Senior Vice President. Following his tenure at Collagen, he started his own consulting
firm, Biofusion Technology. He also served as Assistant Professor in the Tufts University School of Medicine and School of Dental Medicine
in the 1970 s and 1980 s. Dr. Green has served as President-elect and director of the Dental Manufacturers of America. He
was honored as a fellow in the Academy of International Dentistry in Nice, France, and has been honored to be inducted into the Marquis
WHO s Who in America, 2022-2023. Dr. Green holds a DDS from the University of Iowa, an MBA from Boston University and a BA in Biology
from Graceland University. 

- 106 - 

Anja
Krammer joined our Board of Directors in June 2020. In early 2020, Ms. Krammer was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of
Turn Biotechnologies, a development stage company focused on reversing aging and age-related diseases. From 2013 through 2018, she co-founded,
served as President, Secretary and a director of BioPharmX, a specialty pharmaceutical company where she led the initial public offering
onto the New York Stock Exchange in 2015. Ms. Krammer served as Principal/Founder of MBI, Inc., a management consulting firm beginning
in January 1998. While at MBI, Inc., Ms. Krammer also served as Vice President Global Marketing from April 2006 to August 2008 for Reliant
Technologies, a venture-backed startup in aesthetic medicine. From April 2004 to April 2006, Ms. Krammer served as Sr. Director of Strategic
Marketing for Medtronic Corporation. From December 2000 to September 2001, Ms. Krammer was Vice President, Solutions Marketing for Getronics
Corporation, a global IT services company. From April 1999 to December 2000, Ms. Krammer served as Vice President, Indirect Channel Sales
and Worldwide Industry Partnership Marketing in the Itronix Division of Acterna Corporation, an optical communications company. Ms. Krammer s
other prior roles include serving as Director of Worldwide Marketing and Communications for Tektronix Corporation in its Color Printing
and Imaging Division from October 1997 to April 1999. From October 1995 to October 1997, Ms. Krammer was Director of Worldwide Sales
and Marketing with KeyTronic Corporation, a computer equipment manufacturer. Ms. Krammer holds a BAIS degree with a focus on Marketing/Management
from the University of South Carolina and an International Trade Certificate from the University of Paris-Sorbonne. Ms. Krammer currently
serves on the Board of Directors of Turn Biotechnologies and Pixium-Vision SA [EPA: ALPIX]. 

Mark
F. Lindsay joined our Board of Directors in June 2020. Since 2008, he has served as a consultant and the director of the healthcare
and pharmaceuticals practices group with the Livingston Group. From February 2001 through September 2008, Mr. Lindsay was with UnitedHealth
Group, one of the world s largest healthcare companies, where he held a number of senior positions including President of the AARP
Pharmacy Services Division and Vice President of Public Communications and Strategy. In 2008, he served on President Obama s transition
team. From May 1996 through January 2001, Mr. Lindsay served in President Clinton s White House as Assistant to the President for
the Office of Management and Administration. His areas of responsibility included the White House Military Office, which managed Air
Force One; The White House Communications Agency; the Medical Unit and Camp David; running the White House Operations; and the Executive
Office of the President s Office of Administration, which was responsible for finance, information systems, human resources, legal/appropriations
and security. Mr. Lindsay s office was responsible for the logistics of all domestic and international Presidential travel and
special air missions. President Clinton selected Mr. Lindsay to be the operational lead for the White House s 2001 transition preparation
and execution. From 1994 through 1997, Mr. Lindsay served as senior legislative aid and counsel to Congressman Louis Stokes (D-OH). He
worked closely with Democrats and the Congressional Black Caucus on a number of business and economic issues. He was also a member of
Senator Hillary Clinton s Minnesota Finance Committee for her 2008 Presidential campaign. Mr. Lindsay holds a graduate degree from
Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota; a Juris Doctorate from Case Western Reserve University School of Law; a master s degree
in international Affairs from Georgetown University; and a graduate degree from the Advanced Management program at the University of
Pennsylvania s Wharton Business School. He is a member of the District of Columbia Bar. 

Leonard
J. Sokolow joined our Board of Directors in June 2020. Since 2015, Mr. Sokolow has been Chief Executive Officer and President
of Newbridge Financial, Inc., a financial service holding company. From 2015 through 2022 he served as Chairman of Newbridge Securities
Corporation, its full-service broker-dealer and from 2022 he has been its Chief Executive Officer as well as the Chief Executive Officer
of its affiliated SEC Registered Investment Adviser, Newbridge Financial Services Group, Inc., and the Chief Executive Officer and President
of its affiliate Bridge Line Advisors LLC, an SEC Exempt Reporting Adviser. From 2008 through 2012, he served as President and Vice Chairman
of National Holdings Corporation, a publicly traded financial services company. From November 1999 until January 2008, Mr. Sokolow was
Chief Executive Officer and President, and a member of the Board of Directors, of vFinance, Inc., a publicly traded financial services
company, which he cofounded. Mr. Sokolow was the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of vFinance, Inc. from
January 2007 until July 2008, when it merged into National Holdings Corporation, a publicly traded financial services company. Mr. Sokolow
was founder, chairman and chief executive officer of the Americas Growth Fund Inc., a closed-end 1940 Act management investment company,
from 1994 to 1998. From 1988 until 1993, Mr. Sokolow was an Executive Vice President and the General Counsel of Applica Inc. (formerly
Windmere Corporation), a publicly traded appliance marketing and distribution company. From 1982 until 1988, Mr. Sokolow practiced corporate,
securities and tax law and was one of the founding attorneys and a partner of an international boutique law firm. From 1980 until 1982,
he worked as a Certified Public Accountant for Ernst Young and KPMG Peat Marwick. Since June 2006, Mr. Sokolow has served on the
Board of Directors of Consolidated Water Company Ltd. (NASDAQ: CWCO) and as Chairman of its Audit Committee; as well as a member of its
Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee since 2011. Since January 2016 Mr. Sokolow has served as a member of the Board of Directors
of SKYX Platforms Corp., d/b/a Sky Technologies (NASDAQ: SKYX) and Chairman of its Audit Committee from January 2016 through February
2022 and, since September 2016, Chairman of its Corporate Development Committee. Since December 2021, Mr. Sokolow has served as a member
of the Board of Directors of Agrify Corporation (NASDAQ: AGFY), where he currently serves as a member of the Audit Committee and the
Compensation Committee. The Audit Committee of Vivos has determined that Mr. Sokolow meets the statutory requirements to be identified
as the audit committee financial expert. 

- 107 - 

Matthew
Thompson, M.D. joined our Board of Directors in June 2020. Dr. Thompson is President and CEO of Endologix LLC. Dr. Thompson previously
served as Chief Medical Officer of Endologix LLC. Dr. Thompson is an Adjunctive Professor at Stanford School of Medicine (since 2017)
and was contract surgeon and Visiting Professor at Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine of Case Western Reserve University between
2020 and 2022. Prior to joining Endologix, Dr. Thompson served as Professor of Vascular Surgery at St. George s University of London
and St George s Vascular Institute (2002-2016). Dr. Thompson s awards include a Hunterian Professorship, the Moynihan traveling
fellowship and the gold medal for the intercollegiate examination. Dr. Thompson is also the editor of the Oxford Textbook of Vascular
Surgery and the Oxford Handbook of Vascular Surgery. Dr. Thompson was Chair of the National Specialized Commissioning Clinical Reference
Group (2013-2016) for Vascular Services and is a founder of the British Society for Endovascular Therapy (2004). Dr. Thompson was a Council
Member of the Vascular Society (2014-2017), and Chairman of the Vascular Society Annual Scientific Meeting (2014-2017). Dr Thompson was
the clinical director for three London-wide service reconfigurations (cardiovascular disease, major trauma and emergency services) (2010-2013).
Dr. Thompson trained at Cambridge University (1981-1984), St. Bartholomew s Hospital (1984-1987), the University of Leicester (1994)
and Adelaide (1998). 

Except
as otherwise provided by law, each director shall hold office until either their successor is elected and qualified, or until he or she
sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. Officers serve at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

There
are no family relationships between any of our director nominees or executive officers and any other of our director nominees or executive
officers. 

Directors
and Executive Officers Qualifications 

Although
we have not formally established any specific minimum qualifications that must be met by each of our officers, we generally evaluate
the following qualities: educational background, diversity of professional experience, including whether the person is a current or was
a former chief executive officer or chief financial officer of a public company or the head of a division of a prominent international
organization, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and ability to represent the best
interests of our stockholders. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee of our Board of Directors prepare policies regarding director qualification requirements
and the process for identifying and evaluating director candidates for adoption by our Board of Directors. The above-mentioned attributes,
along with the leadership skills and other experiences of our officers and directors described above, provide us with
a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate our goals of stockholder value appreciation through organic and
acquisition growth. 

Director
Qualifications 

R.
Kirk Huntsman - Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Huntsman s qualifications to serve on our Board include his extensive
experience in the dental industry, focusing on dental support organizations by integrating cutting-edge technology and better management
practices. 

Ralph
E. Green, DDS, MBA - Our Board of Directors believes that Dr. Green s qualifications to serve on our Board include his
extensive experience and relationships in the dental industry, his expertise with clinical trials and executive-level experience
with pharmaceutical and dental implant firms. 

Anja
Krammer - Our Board of Directors believes that Ms. Krammer s qualifications to serve on our Board include her experience
as a director and chief executive officer, experience with startup enterprises, her successful leadership roles in securing capital
markets funding, and her experience in the pharmaceutical industry. 

- 108 - 

Mark
F. Lindsay - Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Lindsay s qualifications to serve on our Board include his director
experience and his experience in legal, governmental, regulatory and business development within the healthcare industry. 

Leonard
J. Sokolow - Our Board of Directors believes Mr. Sokolow s qualifications include his experience as a director and
principal executive officer, his legal, accounting, auditing and consulting background, and that he meets the statutory requirements
to be identified as an audit committee financial expert. 

Matthew
Thompson, M.D. - Our Board of Directors believes that Dr. Thompson s qualifications to serve on our Board include his
executive-level experience with a publicly-traded medical technology firm and his extensive medical background. 

Director
Independence 

Under
Nasdaq standards, a director is not independent unless our Board of Directors affirmatively determines that he or she
does not have a direct or indirect material relationship with us or any of our subsidiaries. In addition, the director must meet the
bright-line tests for independence set forth by the Nasdaq rules. 

Our
Board of Directors has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of our
directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his or her ability to
exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. Based upon information requested from and provided by
each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our Board has
affirmatively determined that Ms. Krammer, Mr. Lindsay, Dr. Thompson, Dr. Green and Mr. Sokolow are independent
directors, and Mr. Huntsman is a non-independent director, as defined by the applicable rules and regulations
of the Nasdaq. In making these determinations, our Board of Directors considered the relationships that each non-employee director
has with us and all other facts and circumstances our Board of Directors deemed relevant in determining their independence,
including the director s beneficial ownership of our Common Stock and the relationships of our non-employee directors with
certain of our significant stockholders. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

R.
Kirk Huntsman is our Chairman of the Board as well as our Chief Executive Officer. The Chairman has authority, among other things,
to preside over Board meetings and set the agenda for Board meetings. Accordingly, the Chairman has substantial ability to shape the
work of our Board. We believe that the presence of five independent members of our Board ensures appropriate oversight by our Board
of Directors of our business and affairs. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times. Our Board
of Directors recognizes that depending on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent
director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, our Board of Directors may periodically review its leadership structure. In addition,
our Board of Directors holds executive sessions in which only independent directors are present. 

Our
Board of Directors is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our
activities. Our principal source of risk falls into two categories: financial and product commercialization. Our Audit Committee
oversees management of financial risks; our Board of Directors regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity
and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. Our Board of Directors regularly reviews plans, results and potential
risks related to our product offerings, growth, and strategies. Our Compensation Committee oversees risk management as it relates to
our compensation plans, policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors, particularly whether our
compensation programs may create incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material
adverse effect on our company. 

Board
of Directors Overview 

Our
Bylaws provide that the size of our Board is to be determined from time to time by resolution of our Board of Directors but shall
consist of at least three members. Our Board of Directors presently consists of six members. Our Board of Directors has determined
five of our directors - Ms. Krammer, Mr. Lindsay, Dr. Thompson, Dr. Green, and Mr. Sokolow - to be independent under the rules of
the Nasdaq Stock Market, after taking into consideration, among other things, those transactions described under Certain
Transactions . Mr. Huntsman serves as Chairman of the Board and is Chief Executive Officer and is a non-independent
director, as defined by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Our Board of Directors does not have
a lead director; however, recognizing that our Board of Directors is composed almost entirely of outside directors, in addition to
its strong committee system (as described more fully below), our Board of Directors believes this leadership structure is
appropriate for our company and allows our Board of Directors to maintain effective oversight of management. At each annual meeting
of stockholders, members of our Board of Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are
duly elected and qualified. 

- 109 - 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors has established three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee. 

The
following table sets forth the current composition of the three standing committees of our Board: 

Name 
 Board 
 Audit 
 Compensation 
 Nominating and Governance 
 
 Mr. Huntsman 
 Chair 

Mr. Green 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Ms. Krammer 
 X 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 Mr. Lindsay 
 X 
 
 Chair 

Mr. Sokolow (audit committee financial expert) 
 X 
 Chair 
 
 X 
 
 Mr. Thompson 
 X 
 
 X 
 Chair 

Audit
Committee. The Audit Committee has three members that are independent directors, including Mr. Sokolow, Ms. Krammer and Dr. Green.
Mr. Sokolow serves as the chair of the Audit Committee and satisfies the definition of audit committee financial expert .
Our Audit Committee has adopted a written charter, a copy of this charter is posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website,
at www.vivos.com (click Investor Relations and Governance ). Our Audit Committee is authorized to: 

approve
 and retain the independent auditors to conduct the annual audit of our financial statements; 

review
 the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

review
 and pre-approve audit and non-audit fees and services; 

review
 accounting and financial controls with the independent auditors and our financial and accounting staff; 

review
 and approve transactions between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

recognize
 and prevent prohibited non-audit services; 

establish
 procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; and 

oversee
 internal audit functions, if any. 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Sokolow is an audit committee financial expert as defined by the rules of the
SEC. 

Please
see the section entitled Audit Committee Report for further matters related to the Audit Committee. 

Compensation
Committee . The Compensation Committee has three members that are independent directors, including Mr. Lindsay, Dr. Thompson and
Dr. Green. Mr. Lindsay serves as the chair of the Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee has adopted a written charter, and
a copy of this charter is posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website, at www.vivos.com (click Investor Relations 
and Governance ). 

- 110 - 

Our
Compensation Committee is authorized to: 

review
 and determine the compensation arrangements for management; 

establish
 and review general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance
 and to achieve our financial goals; 

review
 and determine our stock incentive and purchase plans; 

oversee
 the evaluation of our Board of Directors and management; 

review
 the independence of any compensation advisers; and 

delegate
 any of its responsibilities to one or more subcommittees as it sees fit. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has three members that are independent
directors, including Dr. Thompson, Ms. Krammer and Mr. Sokolow. Dr. Thompson serves as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this charter is posted on the
Corporate Governance section of our website, at www.vivos.com (click Investor Relations and Governance ).
The functions of our Governance Committee, among other things, include: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become board members and recommending directors; 

nominating
 board members for committee membership; 

developing
 and recommending to our board corporate governance guidelines; 

reviewing
 and determining the compensation arrangements for directors; 

overseeing
 the evaluation of our Board of Directors and its committees and management; and 

overseeing
 our compliance with applicable medical, medical regulator, and healthcare laws and regulations. 

All
members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Number
of Meetings 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors met nine times, the audit committee met six times, the compensation
committee met two times and the nominating and corporate governance committee met one time. In the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, each of our directors attended 100 of the meetings of our Board of Directors and committees on which he or she served as a
member. 

Executive
Sessions 

Executive
sessions, which are meetings of the non-management members of our Board of Directors, are regularly scheduled throughout the year. In
addition, at least once a year, the independent directors meet in a private session that excludes management and any non-independent
directors. At each of these meetings and, in her absence, the independent directors in attendance determine which member will preside
at such session. 

- 111 - 

Board
Member Attendance at Annual Stockholder Meetings 

Although
we do not have a formal policy regarding director attendance at annual stockholder meetings, directors are encouraged to attend these
annual meetings. All of our directors attended the last annual meeting of stockholders held on August 25, 2022. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the members of our Compensation Committee, at any time, has been one of our officers or employees, or, during the last fiscal year,
was a participant in a related-party transaction that is required to be disclosed. None of our executive officers currently serves, or
in the past year has served, as a member of the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy 

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers
responsible for financial reporting. The code of business conduct and ethics is available at our website at www.vivos.com (click Investor
Relations and Governance ). We expect that any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirement, will be
disclosed on our website. 

In March 2023, our Board of Directors
adopted a revised Insider Trading Policy for our company principally to reflect changes to SEC Rule 10b5-1 which went into effect in
February 2023. Among other customary provisions, our Insider Trading Policy provides for pre-clearance by our Chief Financial Officer
of any purchases or sales of our securities by officers, directors or employees of our company and specifies trading windows 
in which purchases and sales of our securities by such persons are permitted (provided such persons are not then in possession of material
non-public information regarding or relating to our company). Our revised Insider Trading Policy and related compliance manual is filed
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report. 

Communications
with the Board 

Any
stockholder or any other interested party who desires to communicate with our Board of Directors, our non-management directors, or any
specified individual director, may do so by directing such correspondence to the attention of the Secretary, Vivos Therapeutics, Inc.,
7921 Southpark Plaza, Suite 210, Littleton, Colorado 80120. The Secretary will forward the communication to the appropriate director
or directors as appropriate. 

Board
Diversity Matrix 

Board
 Diversity Matrix as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Total
 Number of Directors 
 
 6 

Female 

Male 

Non-Binary 

Did
 Not Disclose 
 Gender 

Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 

Part
 II: Demographic Background 

African
 American or Black 

1 

Alaskan
 Native or Native American 

Asian 

Hispanic
 or Latinx 

Native
 Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

1 

4 

Two
 or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common
stock, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders
are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of the
forms received by us and written representations from certain reporting persons that they have complied with the relevant filing requirements,
we believe that, during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders
complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements, except that, due to administrative errors, the following form was filed late: 

R.
Kirk Huntsman filed a Form 4 on June 3, 2022 to report a transaction that occurred on March 31, 2022. 

- 112 - 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following summary compensation table provides information regarding the compensation paid during our fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer), our Chief Medical Officer (who was terminated on March 1,
2022), and our Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer). We refer to these individuals as our named executive officers ,
or NEOs . 

Name and 
 Position 
 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
 Award 
 Option 
 Award 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Compensation 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 Total 

R. Kirk Huntsman 
 (1) 
 2022 
 384,853 
 - 
 - 
 483,802 (4) 
 50,647 (5) 
 - 
 18,548 (6) 
 937,850 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 
 344,229 
 - 
 - 
 570,300 (4) 
 144,318 (5) 
 - 
 18,302 (6) 
 1,077,149 

G. Dave Singh 
 (2) 
 2022 
 73,713 
 - 
 - 
 - (4) 
 - (5) 
 - 
 4,318 (6) 
 77,491 
 
 Former Chief Medical Officer 
 
 2021 
 288,269 
 - 
 - 
 - (4) 
 75,670 (5) 
 - 
 15,930 (6) 
 447,003 

Bradford Amman 
 (3) 
 2022 
 256,532 
 - 
 - 
 195,691 (4) 
 20,858 (5) 
 - 
 19,838 (6) 
 492,919 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 
 230,182 
 - 
 - 
 805,560 (4) 
 52,048 (5) 
 - 
 18,302 (6) 
 1,106,092 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Huntsman has served as Chief Executive Officer of our company since September 2016. Since November 2015, Mr. Kirk Huntsman served
 as Chief Executive Officer of First Vivos, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of our company, which we acquired in August 2016. 

(2) 
 Dr.
 Singh served as Chief Medical Officer from September 2016 until March 1, 2022 (when he was terminated for cause) and served as our
 President from September 2016 to June 2019. Since July 2008, Dr. Singh served as Chief Executive Officer of BioModeling Solutions,
 Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of our company, which we acquired in August 2016. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Amman joined our company as Chief Financial Officer in October 2018. 

(4) 
 Stock
 option award value was based upon a Black-Scholes valuation calculation at the date of the stock option grant. We provide information
 regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all stock option awards made to named executive officers in Note 9 to our
 audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

(5) 
 Represents
 annual incentive compensation in accordance with terms of individual employment agreement. 

(6) 
 Company
 contributions towards health insurance premiums in 2022 and 2021. 

- 113 - 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

R.
Kirk Huntsman 

We
entered into an amended employment agreement on October 8, 2020 (the Huntsman Effective Date) with R. Kirk Huntsman. The term of the
employment agreement commenced on the Huntsman Effective Date and is subject to termination: 

(i)
for cause (as defined therein) by us or without cause by Mr. Huntsman, whereby Mr. Huntsman would be entitled to earned but unpaid compensation,
bonuses and benefits through the date of termination and his option shares through the date of termination for cause will be deemed vested; 

(ii)
upon the death or disability of Mr. Huntsman, whereby Mr. Huntsman, upon disability, or Mr. Huntsman s estate, upon death of Mr.
Huntsman, will be entitled to receive all compensation and benefits through the date of death or disability as well as continue to receive
incentive compensation (as set forth in the agreement) through the end of our fiscal year, as well as salary payable in periodic installments
on regular paydays, at the rate then in effect for a period of six months (in addition to the incapacity period, as defined therein,
if terminated upon disability) following termination (the Extended Period and his option shares through the Extended Period
will be deemed vested; or 

(iii)
without cause by us or for Good Reason (as defined therein) by Mr. Huntsman, whereby Mr. Huntsman would be entitled to
receive all earned but unpaid compensation, bonuses and benefits through the date of termination as well as continue to receive incentive
compensation (as set forth in the agreement) as well as salary payable in periodic installments on regular paydays, at the rate then
in effect for a period of one year (if terminated without cause by us) or two years (if terminated upon Good Reason by Mr. Huntsman)
following termination and all of his option shares will be deemed vested. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the employment agreement, in exchange for Mr. Huntsman s services as Chief Executive Officer, we agreed to: 

(i)
pay Mr. Huntsman an annual base salary of 389,595 during the term of the employment agreement less taxes payable in accordance with
employer s normal policies, subject to adjustment by our Board of Directors at its sole discretion; 

(ii)
make Mr. Huntsman eligible for incentive cash compensation under a management by objectives incentive plan at 65 of base salary that
shall be paid not less than frequently than annually when certain operational targets determined by the Compensation Committee are met; 

(iii)
make available to Mr. Huntsman employee benefits available to regular full-time executive management employees of our company, including
medical and dental insurance, pension and profit-sharing plans, 401(k) plans, incentive savings plans, group life insurance, salary continuation
plans, disability coverage and other fringe benefits; 

(iv)
make available to Mr. Huntsman other equity-based compensation awards under our equity incentive plans and otherwise, which equity awards
may be granted pursuant to the authority and sole discretion of our Board of Directors, together with the Compensation Committee; 

(v)
make available to Mr. Huntsman high-speed internet access, at our expense, including monthly service charges and maintenance, for use
on company business. 

Bradford
Amman 

We
entered into an amended employment agreement on October 8, 2020 (the Amman Effective Date) with Bradford Amman. The term of the employment
agreement commenced on the Amman Effective Date and is subject to termination: 

(i)
for cause (as defined therein) by us or without cause by Mr. Amman, whereby Mr. Amman would be entitled to earned but unpaid compensation,
bonuses and benefits through the date of termination and his option shares through the date of termination for cause will be deemed vested; 

- 114 - 

(ii)
upon the death or disability of Mr. Amman, whereby Mr. Amman, upon disability, or Mr. Amman s estate, upon death of Mr. Amman,
will be entitled to receive all compensation and benefits through the date of death or disability as well as continue to receive incentive
compensation (as set forth in the agreement) through the end of our fiscal year, as well as salary payable in periodic installments on
regular paydays, at the rate then in effect for a period of six months (in addition to the incapacity period, as defined therein, if
terminated upon disability) following termination (the Extended Period and his option shares through the Extended Period
will be deemed vested; or 

(iii)
without cause by us or for Good Reason (as defined therein) by Mr. Amman, whereby Mr. Amman would be entitled to receive
all earned but unpaid compensation, bonuses and benefits through the date of termination as well as continue to receive incentive compensation
(as set forth in the agreement) as well as salary payable in periodic installments on regular paydays, at the rate then in effect for
a period of one year (if terminated without cause by us) or two years (if terminated upon Good Reason by Mr. Amman) following termination
and all of his option shares will be deemed vested. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the employment agreement, in exchange for Mr. Amman s services as Chief Financial Officer, we agreed to: 

(i)
pay Mr. Amman an annual base salary of 259,648 during the term of the employment agreement less taxes payable in accordance with employer s
normal policies, subject to adjustment by the board at its sole discretion; 

(ii)
make Mr. Amman eligible for incentive cash compensation under a management by objectives incentive plan at 35 of base salary that shall
be paid not less than frequently than annually when operational targets determined by the Compensation Committee are met; 

(iii)
make available to Mr. Amman employee benefits available to regular full-time executive management employees of our company including
medical and dental insurance, pension and profit-sharing plans, 401(k) plans, incentive savings plans, group life insurance, salary continuation
plans, disability coverage and other fringe benefits.; 

(iv)
make available to Mr. Amman other equity-based compensation awards under our equity incentive plans and otherwise, which equity awards
may be granted pursuant to the authority and sole discretion of the board, together with the Compensation Committee; and 

(v)
make available to Mr. Amman paid high-speed internet access, at our expense, including monthly service charges and maintenance, for use
on company business. 

Termination
of Dr. G. Dave Singh 

On
March 1, 2022, with the unanimous approval of our Board of Directors, we provided Dr. G. Dave Singh, our founder and Chief Medical Officer,
with notice of termination of his employment with us for cause pursuant to the terms Dr. Singh s amended and restated
employment agreement with us, dated October 9, 2020. As such, Dr. Singh is no longer affiliated with our company effective March 1, 2022.
As previously reported, in September 2021 Dr. Singh commenced a sabbatical from our company to serve as an Adjunct Professor at Stanford
University. Because Dr. Singh has been on sabbatical, we allocated his responsibilities to other personnel and advisors and do not anticipate
that his departure will significantly impact our operations. 

- 115 - 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table summarizes the number of shares of Common Stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each named executive
officer as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of Securities 
 Underlying 
 Option 
 Option 

Grant 
 Unexercised Options 
 Exercise 
 Expiration 
 
 Name 
 Date 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Price 
 Date 

R. Kirk Huntsman: 

6-16-21 (2) 
 50,000 
 75,000 
 5.64 
 6-16-26 

12-23-22 (1) 
 333,334 
 - 
 0.48 
 12-23-27 

12-23-22 (2) 
 30,000 
 120,000 
 0.48 
 12-23-27 

Total for Mr. Huntsman 
 
 413,334 
 195,000 

Bradford Amman: 

11-8-18 (2) 
 83,334 
 - 
 7.50 
 11-8-23 

11-18-19 (2) 
 13,332 
 3,335 
 7.50 
 11-18-24 

3-12-21 (2) 
 40,000 
 60,000 
 7.50 
 3-12-26 

8-31-21 (2) 
 20,000 
 30,000 
 5.26 
 8-31-26 

2-25-22 (2) 
 10,000 
 40,000 
 3.27 
 2-25-27 

12-23-22 (2) 
 40,000 
 160,000 
 0.48 
 12-23-27 

Total for Mr. Amman 
 
 206,666 
 293,335 

(1) 
 Stock
 option grant is fully vested on the grant date. 
 
 (2) 
 Stock
 option grant vests 20 on the grant date and 20 on each successive anniversary through the following four years. 

D irector
Compensation Generally 

Prior
to our initial public offering in late 2020, our directors did not received compensation for their service except for option grants.
Following our initial public offering, we adopted a new director compensation program recommended by our nominating and corporate
governance committee pursuant to which we make equity-plan based awards to the directors and (i) each of our non-employee directors
receive 48,000 cash compensation annually; (ii) chairs of our committees receive 10,000 cash compensation annually; and (iii)
members of our committees receive 5,000 cash compensation annually. No additional compensation will be provided for attending
committee meetings. Our nominating and corporate governance committee will continue to review and make recommendations to our Board
of Directors regarding compensation of directors, including equity-based plans. We reimburse our non-employee directors for
reasonable travel expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings. 

Director
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022: 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned or 
 Paid In Cash 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
 Awards (6) 
 Total 

Leonard J. Sokolow (1) 
 36,750 
 - 
 13,022 
 49,772 
 
 Matthew Thompson, M.D. (2) 
 36,750 
 - 
 9,766 
 46,516 
 
 Mark F. Lindsay (3) 
 33,833 
 - 
 9,766 
 43,599 
 
 Anja Krammer (4) 
 33,833 
 - 
 9,766 
 43,599 
 
 Ralph E. Green, DDS, MBA (5) 
 33,833 
 - 
 9,766 
 43,599 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Sokolow commenced service as a member of our Board of Directors on June 19, 2020. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Thompson commenced service as a member of our Board of Directors on June 19, 2020. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Lindsay commenced service as a member of our Board of Directors on June 19, 2020. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Krammer commenced service as a member of our Board of Directors on June 19, 2020. 

- 116 - 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Green commenced service as a member of our Board of Directors on June 19, 2020. 

(6) 
 Stock
 option award value was based upon a Black-Scholes valuation calculation at the date of the stock option grant. We provide information
 regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all stock option awards made to named executive officers in Note 9 to our
 audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table summarizes the outstanding number of awards granted under the 2017 Plan and the 2019 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan category: 
 Number of Securities to be issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (a) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

2017 Plan (1) 
 1,333,333 
 - 
 - 
 
 2019 Plan (2) 
 2,366,667 
 - 
 80,846 
 
 Total 
 3,700,000 
 2.90 
 80,846 

(1) 
 The
 2017 Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and other independent contractors. Our Board of Directors
 and stockholders have approved a total reserve of 1,333,333 shares for issuance under the 2017 Plan. 

(2) 
 The
 2019 Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and other independent contractors. Our Board of Directors
 and stockholders have approved a total reserve of 2,366,667 shares for issuance out of which 250,000 shares have been exercised under
 the 2019 Plan. 

(3) 
 Represents
 options granted to officers and employees prior to the approval by our stockholders of the 2017 Plan. 

2017
Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan 

The
2017 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan (or the 2017 Plan) is intended to promote the interests of our company by providing eligible
persons in our employ or service with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest, or otherwise increase their proprietary interest,
in our company as an incentive for them to continue in such employ or service. 

Individuals
eligible to participate in the 2017 Plan are as follows: 

1. 
 employees
 (3 eligible employees), 

2. 
 non-employee
 members of our Board of Directors or the non-employee members of our Board of Directors of any parent or subsidiary (5 eligible non-employee
 directors), and 

3. 
 consultants
 and other independent contractors who provide services to us (or any parent or subsidiary). 

- 117 - 

Our
Board of Directors, as plan administrator, or a committee solely of two or more directors, has broad authority to administer the 2017 Plan,
including the authority to determine which eligible persons are to receive any grants of options or direct issuances of stock, the
time or times when such grants or issuances are to be made, the number of shares to be covered by each such grant or issuance, the
time or times when each option is to become exercisable, the vesting schedule (if any) applicable to the option shares or issued
shares and the maximum term for which the option is to remain outstanding or the consideration to paid by the participant for such
shares, as applicable. Our Board of Directors has granted the power to administer the 2017 Plan to the Compensation
Committee. 

The
Common Stock issuable under the 2017 Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock. The maximum number of
shares of Common Stock which may be issued over the term of the 2017 Plan shall not exceed 1,333,333 shares. The shares of Common Stock
underlying the 2017 Plan options have been registered on our registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-257050). 

Awards
under the 2017 Plan may be in the form of incentive or non-statutory stock options or stock directly at the discretion of our Board of
Directors. Awards under the 2017 Plan generally will not be transferable other than by will or inheritance laws. Our Board of Directors
has the discretion to grant options which are exercisable for unvested shares of Common Stock. Should the recipient cease service to
the Company while holding such unvested shares, the Company has the right to repurchase, at the exercise price paid per share, any or
all of those unvested shares. 

The
exercise price per share of any options granted under the 2017 Plan is fixed by our Board of Directors or its designated committee in
accordance with the following provisions: the exercise price per share shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value (as defined
in the 2017 Plan) per share of Common Stock on the option grant date. If the person to whom the option is granted is a 10 stockholder,
then the exercise price per share shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the option grant
date. The exercise price shall become immediately due and payable upon exercise of the option. 

The
purchase price per share of any Common Stock issued under the 2017 Plan shall be fixed by our Board of Directors or its designated committee
in accordance with the following provisions: the purchase price per share shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value per share
of Common Stock on the issue date. However, the purchase price per share of Common Stock issued to a 10 Stockholder shall not be less
than 110 of such Fair Market Value. 

The
number and type of shares available under the 2017 Plan and any outstanding award, as well as the exercise or purchase price of any award,
as applicable are subject to customary adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of
shares, exchange of shares or other change affecting the Company s Common Stock as a class without the Company s receipt
of consideration. 

Our
Board of Directors has the discretionary authority, exercisable either at the time the unvested shares are issued or any time while the
Company s repurchase rights with respect to those shares remain outstanding, to provide that those rights shall automatically terminate
on an accelerated basis, and the shares of Common Stock subject to those terminated rights shall immediately vest, in the event the recipient
of the shares should be subsequently terminated by reason of an involuntary termination within a designated period (not to exceed 18
months) following the effective date of any merger or consolidation in which the Company undergoes a change of control of greater than
50 or the sale, transfer or other disposition of substantially all of the Company s assets in complete liquidation or dissolution
of the Company (each such transaction a Corporate Transaction ). 

The
shares subject to each option outstanding under the 2017 Plan at the time of a Corporate Transaction, along with all outstanding repurchase
rights, will automatically vest in full so that each such option, immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction,
becomes exercisable for all of the shares of Common Stock at the time subject to that option and may be exercised for any or all of those
shares as fully-vested shares of Common Stock unless such option is assumed by the successor corporation in the Corporate Transaction
and any repurchase rights of the Company with respect to the unvested option shares are concurrently assigned to such successor corporation,
such option is to be replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested
option shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting schedule
applicable to those unvested option shares or the acceleration of such option is subject to other limitations imposed by our Board of
Directors at the time of the option grant. Immediately following the consummation of the Corporate Transaction, all outstanding options
terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation. 

- 118 - 

Our
Board of Directors has complete and exclusive power and authority to amend or modify the 2017 Plan in any or all respects. However, no
such amendment or modification may adversely affect the rights and obligations with respect to options or unvested stock issuances at
the time outstanding under the 2017 Plan unless the recipient consents to such amendment or modification. In addition, certain amendments
may require stockholder approval pursuant to applicable laws and regulations. 

Amended
and Restated 2019 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan 

The
Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan (or the 2019 Plan) is intended to promote the interests of our company
by providing eligible persons in our employ or service with the opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest, or otherwise increase
their proprietary interest, in our company as an incentive for them to continue in such employ or service. 

Individuals
eligible to participate in the 2019 Plan are as follows: 

1. 
 employees, 

2. 
 non-employee
 members of our Board of Directors or the non-employee members of our Board of Directors of any parent or subsidiary (5 eligible non-employee
 directors), and 

3. 
 consultants
 and other independent contractors who provide services to us (or any parent or subsidiary). 

Our
Board of Directors, as plan administrator, or a committee solely of two or more directors has broad authority to administer the 2019
Plan, including the authority to determine which eligible persons are to receive any grants of options or direct issuance issuances of
stock, the time or times when such grants or issuances are to be made, the number of shares to be covered by each such grant or issuance,
the time or times when each such option is to become exercisable, the vesting schedule (if any) applicable to the option shares or issued
shares and the maximum term for which the option is to remain outstanding or the consideration to paid by the participant for such shares,
as applicable. Our Board of Directors has granted the power to administer the 2019 Plan to the Compensation Committee. 

The
Common Stock issuable under the 2019 Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock. The maximum number of
shares of Common Stock which may be issued over the term of the 2019 Plan shall not exceed 1,166,667 shares, although we are seeking
approval at the Annual Meeting to increase the number of shares such to the 2019 Plan to an aggregate of 2,366,667 shares. The shares
of Common Stock underlying the 2019 Plan options have been registered on our registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-257050). 

Awards
under the 2019 Plan may be in the form of incentive or non-statutory stock options or stock directly at the discretion of our Board of
Directors. Awards under the 2019 Plan generally will not be transferable other than by will or inheritance laws. Our Board of Directors
has the discretion to grant options which are exercisable for unvested shares of Common Stock. Should the recipient cease service to
the Company while holding such unvested shares, the Company has the right to repurchase, at the exercise price paid per share, any or
all of those unvested shares. 

The
exercise price per share shall of any options granted under the 2019 Plan be fixed by our Board of Directors or its designated committee
in accordance with the following provisions: the exercise price per share shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value (as defined
in the 2019 Plan) per share of Common Stock on the option grant date. If the person to whom the option is granted is a 10 stockholder,
then the exercise price per share shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the option grant
date. The exercise price shall become immediately due and payable upon exercise of the option. 

- 119 - 

The
purchase price per share of any Common Stock issued under the 2019 Plan shall be fixed by our Board of Directors or its designated committee
in accordance with the following provisions: the purchase price per share shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value per share
of Common Stock on the issue date. However, the purchase price per share of Common Stock issued to a 10 Stockholder shall not be less
than 110 of such Fair Market Value. 

The
number and type of shares available under the 2019 Plan and any outstanding award, as well as the exercise or purchase prices of any
award, as applicable are subject to customary adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination
of shares, exchange of shares or other change affecting the Company s Common Stock as a class without the Company s receipt
of consideration. 

Our
Board of Directors has the discretionary authority, exercisable either at the time the unvested shares are issued or any time while the
Company s repurchase rights with respect to those shares remain outstanding, to provide that those rights will automatically terminate
on an accelerated basis, and the shares of Common Stock subject to those terminated rights shall immediately vest, in the event the recipient
of the shares should be subsequently terminated by reason of an involuntary termination within a designated period (not to exceed 18
months) following the effective date of any merger or consolidation in which the Company undergoes a change of control of greater than
50 or the sale, transfer or other disposition of substantially all of the Company s assets in complete liquidation or dissolution
of the Company (each such transaction a Corporate Transaction ). 

The
shares subject to each option outstanding under the 2019 Plan at the time of a Corporate Transaction, along with all outstanding repurchase
rights, will automatically vest in full so that each such option, immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction,
becomes exercisable for all of the shares of Common Stock at the time subject to that option and may be exercised for any or all of those
shares as fully-vested shares of Common Stock unless such option is assumed by the successor corporation in the Corporate Transaction
and any repurchase rights of the Company with respect to the unvested option shares are concurrently assigned to such successor corporation,
such option is to be replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested
option shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting schedule
applicable to those unvested option shares or the acceleration of such option is subject to other limitations imposed by our Board of
Directors at the time of the option grant. Immediately following the consummation of the Corporate Transaction, all outstanding options
terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation. 

Our
Board of Directors has complete and exclusive power and authority to amend or modify the 2019 Plan in any or all respects. However, no
such amendment or modification may adversely affect the rights and obligations with respect to options or unvested stock issuances at
the time outstanding under the 2019 Plan unless the recipient consents to such amendment or modification. In addition, certain amendments
may require stockholder approval pursuant to applicable laws and regulations. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information about the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 28, 2023, for: 

each
 person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock; 

each
 named executive officer; 

each
 of our directors; and 

all
 of our named executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise noted below, the address for each beneficial owner listed on the table is in care of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc., 7921 Southpark
Plaza, Suite 210, Littleton, Colorado 80120. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. We believe,
based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of Common Stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. We have based our
calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 29,678,786 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 28, 2023. 

- 120 - 

In
computing the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed
outstanding shares of Common Stock underlying convertible securities of our company held by that person that are currently exercisable
or convertible or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 28, 2023. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Shares of Common Stock Owned 
 
 Name Director and Officer Beneficial Owners 
 
 Number 
 Percent 

R. Kirk Huntsman 
 (2) 
 2,250,834 
 7.6 
 
 Bradford Amman 
 (3) 
 240,667 

Mark F. Lindsay 
 (4) 
 69,167 

Anja Krammer 
 (5) 
 69,167 

Ralph E. Green, DDS, MBA 
 (6) 
 69,167 

Leonard J. Sokolow 
 (7) 
 76,667 

Matthew Thompson, M.D. 
 (8) 
 69,167 

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 
 (9) 
 2,844,836 
 9.6 

Shares of Common Stock Owned 
 
 Name of 5 Stockholder Beneficial Owners 
 
 Number 
 Percent 

G. Dave Singh 
 (1) 
 3,219,705 
 10.8 
 
 R. Kirk Huntsman 
 (2) 
 2,250,834 
 7.6 
 
 All 5 stockholders as a group (2 persons) 
 (10) 
 5,470,539 
 18.4 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Dr.
 G. Dave Singh is our founder and former Chief Medical officer and director. He beneficially directly owns 3,219,705 shares of Common
 Stock through Himmat LP. Dr Singh and his wife are the members and managers of Himmat LP and may be deemed to have shared voting
 and dispositive power of all securities beneficially owned by Himmat LP. 

(2) 
 R.
 Kirk Huntsman beneficially owns (i) indirectly 1,740,000 shares of Common Stock through Coronado V Partners, LLC, of which Mr. Huntsman
 is a member and manager and (ii) 47,500 shares of Common Stock purchased in the open market. Includes 463,334 shares of Common Stock
 issuable upon exercise of options held by R. Kirk Huntsman, all of which are exercisable within 60 days. Excludes 270,000 shares
 of Common Stock underlying unvested options. R. Kirk Huntsman and his wife are the members and managers of Coronado V Partners, LLC.
 As such, Mr. Huntsman may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power of all securities beneficially owned by Coronado
 V Partners, LLC reported herein. 

(3) 
 Bradford
 Amman is our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Includes 218,667 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
 options, all of which are exercisable within 60 days, and 2,000 shares of Common Stock purchased in the open market. Excludes 281,334
 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

(4) 
 Includes
 69,167 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options held by Mark F. Lindsay, all of which are exercisable within 60 days.
 Excludes 7,500 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

(5) 
 Includes
 69,167 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options held by Anja Krammer, all of which are exercisable within 60 days.
 Excludes 7,500 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

- 121 - 

(6) 
 Includes
 69,167 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options held by Ralph E. Green, DDS, MBA, all of which are exercisable within
 60 days. Excludes 7,500 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

(7) 
 Includes
 76,667 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options held by Leonard J. Sokolow, all of which are exercisable within 60
 days. Excludes 10,000 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

(8) 
 Includes
 69,167 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options held by Matthew Thompson M.D., all of which are exercisable within
 60 days. Excludes 7,500 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

(9) 
 Includes:
 (i) 1,626,670 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options held by this group, of which 1,035,336 are exercisable within
 60 days. Excludes 591,334 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

(10) 
 Includes:
 (i) 733,334 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options held by this group, of which 463,334 are exercisable within
 60 days. Excludes 270,000 shares of Common Stock underlying unvested options. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Directors Independence. 

Other
than the executive and director compensation and other arrangements, which are described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the
heading Executive Compensation , we are not a party to any related party transactions. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Pursuant
to the written charter of our Audit Committee, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving, prior to our entry into
any such transaction, all related party transactions and potential conflict of interest situations involving: 

any
 of our directors, director nominees or executive officers; 

any
 beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding stock; and 

any
 immediate family member of any of the foregoing. 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship that: 

involves
 or will involve, directly or indirectly, any related party identified above; 

would
 cast doubt on the independence of a director; 

would
 present the appearance of a conflict of interest between us and the related party; or 

is
 otherwise prohibited by law, rule or regulation. 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing each such transaction, arrangement or relationship to determine whether a related party
has, has had or expects to have a direct or indirect material interest. Following its review, the Audit Committee will take such action
as it deems necessary and appropriate under the circumstances, including approving, disapproving, ratifying, canceling or recommending
to management how to proceed if it determines a related party has a direct or indirect material interest in a transaction, arrangement
or relationship with us. Any member of the Audit Committee who is a related party with respect to a transaction under review will not
be permitted to participate in the discussions or evaluations of the transaction; however, the Audit Committee member will provide all
material information concerning the transaction to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will report its action with respect to any
related party transaction to the Board of Directors. 

- 122 - 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Our Bylaws 

Provisions
of our bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, open market purchases, removal
of incumbent directors and otherwise. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage types of coercive takeover
practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe
that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal
to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because negotiation of these
proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Vacancies.
 Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on our Board of Directors resulting
from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause shall be filled by a majority of the remaining directors on the board. 

Bylaws.
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws authorizes our Board of Directors to adopt, repeal, rescind, alter or amend our bylaws
without shareholder approval. 

Removal .
Except as otherwise provided, a director may be removed from office only by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority
of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote. 

Calling
of Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be
called at any time only by our Board of Directors or by our Secretary following receipt of one or more written demands from
stockholders of record who own, in the aggregate, at least 15 the voting power of our outstanding stock then entitled to vote on
the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting. 

Effects
of authorized but unissued Common Stock and blank check preferred stock. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued
Common Stock and undesignated preferred stock may be to enable our Board of Directors to make more difficult or to discourage an attempt
to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity
of management. If, in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, the Board of Directors were to determine that a takeover proposal
was not in our best interest, such shares could be issued by the Board of Directors without stockholder approval in one or more transactions
that might prevent or render more difficult or costly the completion of the takeover transaction by diluting the voting or other rights
of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder group, by putting a substantial voting block in institutional or other hands that might
undertake to support the position of the incumbent Board of Directors, by effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude
the takeover, or otherwise. 

In
addition, our certificate of incorporation grants our Board of Directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized
and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available
for distribution to holders of shares of Common Stock. The issuance also may adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting
rights, of those holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company. 

Cumulative
Voting. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would allow holders
of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors. 

Choice
of Forum 

Our
bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
(or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the exclusive
forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of ours or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant
to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or the bylaws; and (iv) any action asserting
a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our bylaws further provide that any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these forum selection
clauses. 

- 123 - 

Section
27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to herein as the Exchange Act) creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
our bylaws provide that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

We
note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, any officer
or director of our company, who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he/she is or was or has agreed
to serve at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of our company, or while serving as a director or officer of our company,
is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of our company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which includes service
as a trustee, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan
or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity. For the avoidance of doubt, the
foregoing indemnification obligation includes, without limitation, claims for monetary damages against Indemnitee to the fullest extent
permitted under Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law as in existence on the date hereof. 

The
indemnification provided shall be from and against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by a director
or officer in defending such action, suit or proceeding in advance of its final disposition, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on
behalf of such person to repay all amounts advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there
is no further right to appeal that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws or otherwise. 

To
the extent that indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
our company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. If a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of our company in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by any of our directors, officers or controlling persons in connection with the
securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit
to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of that issue. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 18 Lafayette
Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. The transfer agent s telephone (212) 828-8436. 

- 124 - 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
and Non-Audit Fees 

Plante
 Moran, PPLC Plante Moran ), Denver, Colorado (PCAOB ID No. served as the independent registered public accounting
firm to audit our books and accounts for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
table below presents the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by Plante Moran for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 

Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Audit fees 
 281,000 
 86 
 244,000 
 100 
 
 Audit -related fees 
 - 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 
 Tax fees 
 45,000 
 13 
 - 
 0 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 0 
 - 
 0 

Total 
 326,000 
 100 
 244,000 
 100 

In
the above table, audit fees are fees billed for services related to the audit of our annual financial statements,
quarterly reviews of our interim financial statements, and services normally provided by the independent accountant in connection
with regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal periods. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit
fees that are billed by the independent accountant for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements. These audit-related fees also consist of the review of our registration
statements filed with the SEC and related services normally provided in connection with regulatory filings or engagements.
 Tax fees are comprised of tax compliance, preparation and consultation fees. All other fees are fees
billed by the independent accountant for products and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

It
is the Audit Committee s policy to approve in advance the types and amounts of audit, audit-related, tax, and any other services
to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. In situations where it is not practicable to obtain full Audit Committee
approval, the Audit Committee has delegated authority to the Chair of the Audit Committee to grant pre-approval of auditing, audit-related,
tax, and all other services up to 100,000. Any pre-approved decisions by the Chair are required to be reviewed with the Audit Committee
at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee approved 100 of all services provided by Plante Moran during 2022 and 2021. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
List of documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

The
financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this document are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial or the required information is presented in the consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto in Part II, Item 8 above. 

- 125 - 

(3)
Exhibits 

The
following documents are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. filed with Delaware Secretary of State on August 12, 2020. (1) 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. (1) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Conversion filed with Delaware Secretary of State on August 12, 2020. (1) 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Stock Certificate. (1) 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Representative s Warrant in connection with the Company s initial public offering. (2) 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Representative s Warrant in connection with the Company s May 2021 follow-on offering. (4) 

4.4 
 
 Description
 of Registered Securities. (1) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant, dated January 9, 2023, issued to the investor in the January 2023 private placement (6) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, dated January 9, 2023, issued to the investor in the January 2023 private placement (6) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between R. Kirk Huntsman and Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. (1) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between Bradford Amman and Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. (1) 

10.3 
 
 Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan. (1) 

10.4 
 
 Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. 2019 Stock Option and Stock Issuance Plan. (1) 

10.5 
 
 Licensing,
 Distribution, and Marketing Agreement dated February 12, 2021 between the Company and MyCardio, LLC. (3) + 

10.6 
 
 Sales
 Agreement dated February 7, 2022, between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC. (5) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 5, 2023, between the Company and the investor in the January 2023 private placement (6) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 5, 2023, between the Company and the investor in the January 2023 private placement (6) 

10.8 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 5, 2023, between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (6) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Plante Moran PLLC. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. )# 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. )# 

99.1 
 
 Insider Trading Compliance Manual. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith 
 
 (1) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2020. 
 
 (3) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2021. 
 
 (4) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021. 
 
 (5) 
 
 Incorporated
 by refence to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on February 7, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 
 Incorporated by refence to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2023. 

Includes
 management contracts and compensation plans and arrangements 
 
 + 
 
 Certain
 portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally
 an unredacted copy of such exhibit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 # 
 
 A
 signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
 and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

We
have elected not to include a summary pursuant to this Item 16. 

- 126 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VIVOS
 THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 R. Kirk Huntsman 

R.
 Kirk Huntsman 

Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 30, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 R. Kirk Huntsman 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 R.
 Kirk Huntsman 

/s/
 Bradford Amman 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 Bradford
 Amman 

/s/
 Ralph E. Green 
 
 Director 
 
 Ralph
 E. Green, DDS, MBA 

/s/
 Anja Krammer 
 
 Director 
 
 Anja
 Krammer 

/s/
 Mark F. Lindsay 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark
 F. Lindsay 

/s/
 Leonard J. Sokolow 
 
 Director 
 
 Leonard
 J. Sokolow 

/s/
 Matthew Thompson 
 
 Director 
 
 Matthew
 Thompson, MD 

- 127 - 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Entity Name 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 First Vivos, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BioModeling Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Oregon 
 
 Vivos Therapeutics (Canada) Inc. 
 
 British Columbia 
 
 Vivos Management and Development, LLC 
 
 Colorado 
 
 Vivos Del Mar Management, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Vivos Modesto Management, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Vivos Therapeutics DSO LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, and 
 
 Colorado 
 
 Vivos Airway Alliance, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 
 
 Colorado 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries Registration Statements on Form
S-1 (No. 333-269453), Form S-3 (No. 333-262554) and Form S-8 (No. 333-257050) of our report dated March 29, 2023, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, which report appears in this annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/
Plante Moran, PLLC 

Denver,
Colorado 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

I, R. Kirk Huntsman, hereby certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ R. Kirk Huntsman 

R. Kirk Huntsman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

I, Bradford Amman, hereby certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
 any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Bradford Amman 

Bradford Amman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 

(18 U.S.C. 1350) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of (18 U.S.C. 1350), the undersigned officer of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) The Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all materials respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ R. Kirk Huntsman 

R. Kirk Huntsman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

This certification shall not
be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that
section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Securities
Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 

(18 U.S.C. 1350) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), the undersigned officer of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) The Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all materials respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Bradford Amman 

Bradford Amman 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification shall not
be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that
section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Securities
Exchange Act. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1 

Insider
Trading Compliance Manual 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Adopted:
March 29, 2023 

In
order to take an active role in the prevention of insider trading violations by its officers, directors, employees, consultants, attorneys,
advisors and other related individuals, the Board of Directors (the Board of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company ), has adopted the policies and procedures described in this Insider Trading Compliance
Manual. 

I.
 Adoption of Insider Trading Policy . 

Effective
as of the date first written above, the Board has adopted the Insider Trading Policy attached hereto as Exhibit A (as the same
may be amended from time to time by the Board, the Policy ), which prohibits trading based on material, nonpublic
information regarding the Company or any company whose securities are listed for trading or quotation in the United States Material
Non-Public Information ). 

This
Policy covers all officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, all other employees of the Company and its subsidiaries,
and consultants or contractors to the Company or its subsidiaries who have or may have access to Material Non-Public Information and
members of the immediate family or household of any such person. This Policy (and/or a summary thereof) is to be delivered to all employees,
consultants and related individuals who are within the categories of covered persons upon the commencement of their relationships with
the Company. 

II.
 Designation of Certain Persons . 

A.
 Section 16 Individuals . All directors and executive officers of the Company will be subject to the reporting and liability
provisions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder Section 16 Individuals ). 

B.
 Other Persons Subject to Policy . In addition, certain employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company as described in
Section I above have, or are likely to have, from time-to-time, access to Material Non-Public Information and together with the Section
16 Individuals, are subject to the Policy, including the pre-clearance requirement described in Section IV. A. below. 

C.
 Post-Termination Transactions . This Policy continues to apply to transactions in Company securities even after an employee,
officer or director has resigned or terminated employment. If the person who resigns or separates from the Company is in possession of
Material Non-Public Information at that time, he or she may not trade in Company securities until that information has become public
or is no longer material. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) 1 

III.
 Appointment of Insider Trading Compliance Officer . 

By
the adoption of this Policy, the Board has appointed Bradford Amman as the Insider Trading Compliance Officer (the Compliance
Officer ). 

IV.
 Duties of Compliance Officer . 

The
Compliance Officer has been designated by the Board to handle any and all matters relating to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance
Program. Certain of those duties may require the advice of outside counsel with special expertise in securities issues and relevant law.
The duties of the Compliance Officer shall include the following: 

A.
Pre-clearing all transactions involving the Company s securities by the Section 16 Individuals and those individuals having regular
access to Material Non-Public Information in order to determine compliance with the Policy, insider trading laws, Section 16 of the Exchange
Act and Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Rule 144 ). Attached hereto as Exhibit
B is a Pre-Clearance Checklist to assist the Compliance Officer s performance of this duty. 

B.
Assisting in the preparation and filing of Section 16 reports (Forms 3, 4 and 5) for all Section 16 Individuals, bearing in mind, however,
that the preparation of such reports is undertaken by the Company as a courtesy only and that the Section 16 Individuals alone (and not
the Company, its employees or advisors) shall be solely responsible for the content and filing of such reports and for any violations
of Section 16 under the Exchange Act and related rules and regulations. 

C.
Serving as the designated recipient at the Company of copies of reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC by Section 16 Individuals under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

D.
Performing periodic reviews of available materials, which may include Forms 3, 4 and 5, Form 144, officers and director s questionnaires,
and reports received from the Company s stock administrator and transfer agent, to determine trading activity by officers, directors
and others who have, or may have, access to Material Non-Public Information. 

E.
Circulating the Policy (and/or a summary thereof) to all covered employees, including Section 16 Individuals, on an annual basis, and
providing the Policy and other appropriate materials to new officers, directors and others who have, or may have, access to Material
Non-Public Information. 

F.
Assisting the Board in implementation of the Policy and all related Company policies. 

G.
Coordinating with Company internal or external legal counsel regarding all securities compliance matters. 

H.
Retaining copies of all appropriate securities reports, and maintaining records of his or her activities as Compliance Officer. 

[Acknowledgement
Appears on the Next Page] 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) 2 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

I
hereby acknowledge that I have received a copy of Vivos Therapeutics Inc. s Insider Trading Compliance Manual (the Insider
Trading Manual ). Further, I certify that I have reviewed the Insider Trading Manual, understand the policies and procedures
contained therein and agree to be bound by and adhere to these policies and procedures. 

Dated: 

Signature 

Name: 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) 3 

Exhibit
A 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Insider
Trading Policy 

 and
Guidelines with Respect to Certain Transactions in Company Securities 

APPLICABILITY
OF POLICY 

This
Policy applies to all transactions in the Company s securities, including common stock, options and warrants to purchase common
stock and any other securities the Company may issue from time to time, such as preferred stock, warrants and convertible notes, as well
as to derivative securities relating to the Company s stock, whether or not issued by the Company, such as exchange-traded options.
It applies to all officers and directors of the Company, all other employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, and consultants or
contractors to the Company or its subsidiaries who have or may have access to Material Nonpublic Information (as defined below) regarding
the Company and members of the immediate family or household of any such person. This group of people is sometimes referred to in this
Policy as Insiders . This Policy also applies to any person who receives Material Nonpublic Information from any
Insider. 

Any
person who possesses Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company is an Insider for so long as such information is not publicly
known. 

DEFINITION
OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 

It
is not possible to define all categories of material information. However, the U.S. Supreme Court and other federal courts have ruled
that information should be regarded as material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable
investor : 

(1) 
 would
 consider the information important in making an investment decision; and 

(2) 
 would
 view the information as having significantly altered the total mix of available information about the Company .

Nonpublic 
information is information that has not been previously disclosed to the general public and is otherwise not available to the general
public. 

While
it may be difficult to determine whether particular information is material, there are various categories of information that are particularly
sensitive and, as a general rule, should always be considered material. In addition, material information may be positive or negative.
Examples of such information may include: 

Financial
 results 

Information
 relating to the Company s stock exchange listing or SEC regulatory issues 

Information
 regarding regulatory review of Company products 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 1 

Intellectual
 property and other proprietary/scientific information 

Projections
 of future earnings or losses 

Major
 contract awards, cancellations or write-offs 

Joint
 ventures/commercial partnerships with third parties 

Research
 milestones and related payments or royalties 

News
 of a pending or proposed merger or acquisition 

News
 of the disposition of material assets 

Impending
 bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems 

Gain
 or loss of a substantial customer or supplier 

New
 product announcements of a significant nature 

Significant
 pricing changes 

Stock
 splits 

New
 equity or debt offerings 

Significant
 litigation exposure due to actual or threatened litigation 

Changes
 in senior management or the Board of Directors of the Company 

Capital
 investment plans 

Changes
 in dividend policy 

CERTAIN
EXCEPTIONS 

For
purposes of this Policy: 

1.
 Stock Options Exercises . For purposes of this Policy, the Company considers that the exercise of stock options under the Company s
stock option plans (but not the sale of the underlying stock) to be exempt from this Policy. This Policy does apply, however,
to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any market sale for the purpose of
generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 

2.
 401(k) Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company stock in the Company s 401(k) plan resulting from periodic
contributions of money to the plan pursuant to payroll deduction elections. This Policy does apply, however, to certain elections that
may be made under the 401(k) plan, including (a) an election to increase or decrease the percentage of periodic contributions that will
be allocated to the Company stock fund, if any, (b) an election to make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into or
out of the Company stock fund, (c) an election to borrow money against a 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation
of some or all of a participant s Company stock fund balance and (d) an election to pre-pay a plan loan if the pre-payment will
result in allocation of loan proceeds to the Company stock fund. 

3.
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company stock in the Company s employee stock
purchase plan, if any, resulting from periodic contributions of money to the plan pursuant to the elections made at the time of enrollment
in the plan. This Policy also does not apply to purchases of Company stock resulting from lump sum contributions to the plan, provided
that the participant elected to participate by lump-sum payment at the beginning of the applicable enrollment period. This Policy does
apply to a participant s election to participate in or increase his or her participation in the plan, and to a participant s
sales of Company stock purchased pursuant to the plan. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 2 

4.
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company stock under the Company s dividend reinvestment
plan, if any, resulting from reinvestment of dividends paid on Company securities. This Policy does apply, however, to voluntary purchases
of Company stock that result from additional contributions a participant chooses to make to the plan, and to a participant s election
to participate in the plan or increase his level of participation in the plan. This Policy also applies to his or her sale of any Company
stock purchased pursuant to the plan. 

5.
 General Exceptions . Any exceptions to this Policy other than as set forth above may only be made by advance written approval
of each of: (i) the Company s President or Chief Executive Officers, (ii) the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer
and (iii) the Chairman of the Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board. Any such exceptions shall be immediately reported to
the remaining members of the Board. 

STATEMENT
OF POLICY 

General
Policy 

It
is the policy of the Company to prohibit the unauthorized disclosure of any nonpublic information acquired in the workplace and the misuse
of Material Nonpublic Information in securities trading related to the Company or any other company. 

Specific
Policies 

1.
 Trading on Material Nonpublic Information . With certain exceptions, no Insider shall engage in any transaction involving a
purchase or sale of the Company s or any other company s securities, including any offer to purchase or offer to sell, during
any period commencing with the date that he or she possesses Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company, and ending at the
close of business on the second Trading Day following the date of public disclosure of that information, or at such time as such nonpublic
information is no longer material. However, see Section 2 under Permitted Trading Period below for a full discussion
of trading pursuant to a pre-established plan or by delegation. 

As
used herein, the term Trading Day shall mean a day on which national stock exchanges are open for trading. 

2.
 Tipping . No Insider shall disclose tip Material Nonpublic Information to any other person (including
family members) where such information may be used by such person to his or her profit by trading in the securities of companies to which
such information relates, nor shall such Insider or related person make recommendations or express opinions on the basis of Material
Nonpublic Information as to trading in the Company s securities. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 3 

Regulation
FD (Fair Disclosure) is an issuer disclosure rule implemented by the SEC that addresses selective disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information.
The regulation provides that when the Company, or person acting on its behalf, discloses material nonpublic information to certain enumerated
persons (in general, securities market professionals and holders of the Company s securities who may well trade on the basis of
the information), it must make public disclosure of that information. The timing of the required public disclosure depends on whether
the selective disclosure was intentional or unintentional; for an intentional selective disclosure, the Company must make public disclosures
simultaneously; for a non-intentional disclosure the Company must make public disclosure promptly. Under the regulation, the required
public disclosure may be made by filing or furnishing a Form 8-K, or by another method or combination of methods that is reasonably designed
to effect broad, non-exclusionary distribution of the information to the public. 

It
is the policy of the Company that all public communications of the Company (including, without limitation, communications with the press,
other public statements, statements made via the Internet or social media outlets, or communications with any regulatory authority) be
handled only through the Company s President and/or Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ), an authorized
designee of the CEO or the Company s public or investor relations firm. Please refer all press, analyst or similar requests for
information to the CEO and do not respond to any inquiries without prior authorization from the CEO. If the CEO is unavailable, the Company s
Chief Financial Officer (or the authorized designee of such officer) will fill this role. 

3.
 Confidentiality of Nonpublic Information . Nonpublic information relating to the Company is the property of the Company and
the unauthorized disclosure of such information (including, without limitation, via email or by posting on Internet message boards, blogs
or social media) is strictly forbidden. 

4.
 Duty to Report Inappropriate and Irregular Conduct . All employees, and particularly managers and/or supervisors, have a responsibility
for maintaining financial integrity within the company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles and both federal and
state securities laws. Any employee who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or irregularities,
whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to their immediate supervisor and to any member of the Company s
Audit Committee. In certain instances, employees are allowed to participate in federal or state proceedings. For a more complete understanding
of this issue, employees should consult their employee manual and/or seek the advice from their direct report or the Company s
principal executive officers (who may, in turn, seek input from the Company s outside legal counsel). 

POTENTIAL
CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LIABILITY 

 AND/OR
DISCIPLINARY ACTION 

1.
 Liability for Insider Trading . Insiders may be subject to penalties of up to 5,000,000 for individuals (and 25,000,000 for
a business entity) and up to twenty (20) years in prison for engaging in transactions in the Company s securities at a time when
they possess Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company. In addition, the SEC has the authority to seek a civil monetary penalty
of up to three times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided by illegal insider trading. Profit gained or loss
avoided generally means the difference between the purchase or sale price of the Company s stock and its value as measured
by the trading price of the stock a reasonable period after public dissemination of the nonpublic information. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 4 

2.
 Liability for Tipping . Insiders may also be liable for improper transactions by any person (commonly referred to as a tippee to whom they have disclosed Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company or to whom they have made recommendations or expressed
opinions on the basis of such information as to trading in the Company s securities. The SEC has imposed large penalties even when
the disclosing person did not profit from the trading. The SEC, the stock exchanges and the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques to monitor and uncover insider trading. 

3.
 Possible Disciplinary Actions . Individuals subject to the Policy who violate this Policy shall also be subject to disciplinary
action by the Company, which may include suspension, forfeiture of perquisites, ineligibility for future participation in the Company s
equity incentive plans and/or termination of employment. 

PERMITTED
TRADING PERIOD 

1.
 Black-Out Period and Trading Window . 

To
ensure compliance with this Policy and applicable federal and state securities laws, the Company requires that all officers, directors,
members of the immediate family or household of any such person and others who are subject to this Policy refrain from conducting any
transactions involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities, other than during the period in any fiscal quarter commencing
at the close of business on the second Trading Day following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for the prior fiscal
quarter or year and ending on the seventh (7 th calendar day prior to the final day of such fiscal quarter, or the preceding
Trading Day is such day is not a Trading Day (the Trading Window ). If such public disclosure occurs on a Trading
Day before the markets close, then such date of disclosure shall be considered the first Trading Day following such public disclosure. 

It
is the Company s policy that the period when the Trading Window is closed is a particularly sensitive periods of
time for transactions in the Company s securities from the perspective of compliance with applicable securities laws. This is because
Insiders will, as any quarter progresses, are increasingly likely to possess Material Nonpublic Information about the expected financial
results for the quarter. The purpose of the Trading Window is to avoid any unlawful or improper transactions or the appearance of any
such transactions. 

It
should be noted that even during the Trading Window any person possessing Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company shall
not engage in any transactions in the Company s (or any other companies, as applicable) securities until such information has been
known publicly for at least two Trading Days. The Company has adopted the policy of delaying trading for at least two Trading
Days because the securities laws require that the public be informed effectively of previously undisclosed material information
before Insiders trade in the Company s stock. Public disclosure may occur through a widely disseminated press release or through
filings, such as Forms 10-Q and 8-K, with the SEC. Furthermore, in order for the public to be effectively informed, the public must be
given time to evaluate the information disclosed by the Company. Although the amount of time necessary for the public to evaluate the
information may vary depending on the complexity of the information, generally two Trading Days is a sufficient period of time. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 5 

From
time to time, the Company may also require that Insiders suspend trading because of developments known to the Company and not yet disclosed
to the public. In such event, such persons may not engage in any transaction involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities
during such period and may not disclose to others the fact of such suspension of trading. 

Although
the Company may from time to time require during a Trading Window that Insiders and others suspend trading because of developments known
to the Company and not yet disclosed to the public, each person is individually responsible at all times for compliance with the
prohibitions against insider trading. Trading in the Company s securities during the Trading Window should not be considered
a safe harbor, and all directors, officers and other persons should use good judgment at all times. 

Notwithstanding
these general rules, Insiders may trade outside of the Trading Window provided that such trades are made pursuant to a legally
compliant, pre-established plan or by delegation established at a time that the Insider is not in possession of material nonpublic information.
These alternatives are discussed in the next section. 

2.
Trading According to a Pre-established Plan (10b5-1) or by Delegation. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 10b5-1 (which was amended in December 2022) under which insider trading liability can be avoided if Insiders follow
very specific procedures. In general, such procedures involve trading according to pre-established instructions, plans or programs (a
 10b5-1 Plan after a required cooling off period described below. 

10b5-1
Plans must: 

(a)
Be documented by a contract, written plan, or formal instruction which provides that the trade take place in the future. For example,
an Insider can contract to sell his or her shares on a specific date, or simply delegate such decisions to an investment manager, 401(k)
plan administrator or similar third party. This documentation must be provided to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer; 

(b)
Include in its documentation the specific amount, price and timing of the trade, or the formula for determining the amount, price and
timing. For example, the Insider can buy or sell shares in a specific amount and on a specific date each month, or according to a
pre-established percentage (of the Insider s salary, for example) each time that the share price falls or rises to pre-established
levels. In the case where trading decisions have been delegated (i.e., to a third party broker or money manager), the specific amount,
price and timing need not be provided; 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 6 

(c)
Be implemented at a time when the Insider does not possess material non-public information. As a practical matter, this means
that the Insider may set up 10b5-1 Plans, or delegate trading discretion, only during a Trading Window (discussed
in Section 1, above), assuming the Insider is not in possession of material non-public information; 

(d)
Remain beyond the scope of the Insider s influence after implementation. In general, the Insider must allow the 10b5-1 Plan
to be executed without changes to the accompanying instructions, and the Insider cannot later execute a hedge transaction that modifies
the effect of the 10b5-1 Plan. Insiders should be aware that the termination or modification of a 10b5-1 Plan after trades have
been undertaken under such plan could negate the 10b5-1 affirmative defense afforded by such program for all such prior trades. As such,
termination or modification of a 10b-5 Plan should only be undertaken in consultation with your legal counsel. If the Insider has delegated
decision-making authority to a third party, the Insider cannot subsequently influence the third party in any way and such third party
must not possess material non-public information at the time of any of the trades; 

(e)
 Be subject to a cooling off period . Effective February 27, 2023, Rule 10b5-1 contains cooling-off period 
for directors and officers that prohibit such insiders from trading in a 10b5-1 Plan until the later of (i) 90 days following the plan s
adoption or modification or (ii) two business days following the Company s disclosure (via a report filed with the SEC) of its
financial results for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was adopted or modified; and 

(f)
 Contain Insider certifications . Effective February 27, 2023, directors and officers are required to include a certification in
their 10b5-1 Plans to certify that at the time the plan is adopted or modified: (i) they are not aware of Material Nonpublic Information
about the Company or its securities and (ii) they are adopting the 10b5-1 Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade
the anti-fraud provisions of the Exchange Act. 

Important :
In addition, effective February 27, 2023: (i) Insiders are prohibited from having multiple overlapping 10b5-1 Plans or more than one
plan in any given year, (ii) a modification relating to amount, price and timing of trades under a 10b5-1 Plan is deemed a plan termination
which requires a new cooling off period, and (iii) whether a particular trade is undertaken pursuant to a 10b5-1 Plan will need to be
disclosed (by checkoff box) on the applicable Forms 4 or 5 of the Insider. 

Pre-Approval
Required : Prior to implementing a 10b5-1 Plan, all officers and directors must receive the approval for such plan from (and provide
the details of the plan to) the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer. 

3.
 Pre-Clearance of Trades . 

Even
during a Trading Window, all Insiders, must comply with the Company s pre-clearance process prior to trading in the
Company s securities, implementing a pre-established plan for trading, or delegating decision-making authority over the Insider s
trades. To do so, each Insider must contact the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer prior to initiating any of these actions.
The Company may also find it necessary, from time to time, to require compliance with the pre-clearance process from others who may be
in possession of Material Nonpublic Information. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 7 

4.
 Individual Responsibility . 

Every
person subject to this Policy has the individual responsibility to comply with this Policy against insider trading, regardless of whether
the Company has established a Trading Window applicable to that Insider or any other Insiders of the Company. Each individual, and not
necessarily the Company, is responsible for his or her own actions and will be individually responsible for the consequences of their
actions. Therefore, appropriate judgment, diligence and caution should be exercised in connection with any trade in the Company s
securities. An Insider may, from time to time, have to forego a proposed transaction in the Company s securities even if he or
she planned to make the transaction before learning of the Material Nonpublic Information and even though the Insider believes he or
she may suffer an economic loss or forego anticipated profit by waiting. 

APPLICABILITY
OF POLICY TO INSIDE INFORMATION 

 REGARDING
OTHER COMPANIES 

This
Policy and the guidelines described herein also apply to Material Nonpublic Information relating to other companies, including the Company s
customers, vendors or suppliers business partners ), when that information is obtained in the course of employment
with, or other services performed on behalf of the Company. Civil and criminal penalties, as well as termination of employment, may result
from trading on Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company s business partners. All Insiders should treat Material Nonpublic
Information about the Company s business partners with the same care as is required with respect to information relating directly
to the Company. 

PROHIBITION
AGAINST BUYING AND SELLING 

 COMPANY
COMMON STOCK WITHIN A SIX-MONTH PERIOD 

 Directors,
Officers and 10 Shareholders 

Purchases
and sales (or sales and purchases) of Company common stock occurring within any six-month period in which a mathematical profit is realized
result in illegal short-swing profits. The prohibition against short-swing profits is found in Section 16 of the Exchange
Act. Section 16 was drafted as a rather arbitrary prohibition against profitable insider trading in a company s securities
within any six-month period regardless of the presence or absence of material nonpublic information that may affect the market price
of those securities. Each executive officer, director and 10 shareholder of the Company is subject to the prohibition against short-swing
profits under Section 16. Such persons are required to file Forms 3, 4 and 5 reports reporting his or her initial ownership of the Company s
common stock and any subsequent changes in such ownership. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires executive officers and directors who
must report transactions on Form 4 to do so by the end of the second business day following the transaction date, and amendments to Form
4 adopted effective February 2023 require the reporting person to check on the form if the purchase or sale was undertaken pursuant to
a 10b5-1 Plan. Profit realized, for the purposes of Section 16, is calculated generally to provide maximum recovery by the Company. The
measure of damages is the profit computed from any purchase and sale or any sale and purchase within the short-swing (i.e., six-month)
period, without regard to any setoffs for losses, any first-in or first-out rules, or the identity of the shares of common stock. This
approach sometimes has been called the lowest price in, highest price out rule. 

The
rules on recovery of short-swing profits are absolute and do not depend on whether a person has Material Nonpublic Information. 
In order to avoid trading activity that could inadvertently trigger a short-swing profit, it is the Company s policy that no executive
officer, director and 10 shareholder of the Company who has a 10b5-1 Plan in place may engage in voluntary purchases or sales of Company
securities outside of and while such 10b5-1 Plan remains in place. 

INQUIRIES 

Please
direct your questions as to any of the matters discussed in this Policy to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) A- 8 

Exhibit
B 

VIVOS
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

Insider
Trading Compliance Program - Pre-Clearance Checklist 

Individual
Proposing to Trade:_________________________ 

Number
of Shares covered by Proposed Trade:_________________________ 

Date:_________________________ 

Trading
 Window . Confirm that the trade will be made during the Company s trading window. 

Section
 16 Compliance . Confirm, if the individual is subject to Section 16, that the proposed trade will not give rise to any potential
 liability under Section 16 as a result of matched past (or intended future) transactions. Also, ensure that a Form 4 has been or
 will be completed and will be timely filed. 

Prohibited
 Trades . Confirm, if the individual is subject to Section 16, that the proposed transaction is not a short sale, 
 put, call or other prohibited or strongly discouraged transaction. 

Rule
 144 Compliance (as applicable) . Confirm that: 

Current
 public information requirement has been met; 

Shares
 are not restricted or, if restricted, the one year holding period has been met; 

Volume
 limitations are not exceeded (confirm that the individual is not part of an aggregated group); 

The
 manner of sale requirements have been met; and 

The
 Notice of Form 144 Sale has been completed and filed. 

Rule
 10b-5 Concerns . Confirm that (i) the individual has been reminded that trading is prohibited when in possession of any material
 information regarding the Company that has not been adequately disclosed to the public, and (ii) the Insider Trading Compliance Officer
 has discussed with the individual any information known to the individual or the Insider Trading Compliance Officer which might be
 considered material, so that the individual has made an informed judgment as to the presence of inside information. 

Rule
 10b5-1 Matters . Confirm whether the individual has implemented, or proposes to implement, a pre-arranged trading plan under Rule
 10b5-1. If so, obtain details of the plan. 

Signature
 of Insider Trading Compliance Officer 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY (Vivos) 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 vvos-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 vvos-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 vvos-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 vvos-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

