<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1560452_0001185185-23-000252.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6819909</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98945</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1034051</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2480160</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1478093</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1552910</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-23-000252.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324090705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-23-000252
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Texas Republic Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001560452
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				455311713
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55621
		FILM NUMBER:		23757886

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13215 BEE CAVES PARKWAY
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5123300099

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13215 BEE CAVES PARKWAY
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-23-000252.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 trcc20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

trcc20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange act of 1934 	 	 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 	 	 

For the transition period from to . 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 	 	 	 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 	 	 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller Reporting Company 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

In the absence of an established trading market for the common stock, the registrant is unable to calculate the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Common stock .01 par value as of March 13, 2023: shares 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be used in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

Item 1. 

Business 

4 

Item 2. 

Properties 

6 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

6 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

6 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

7 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

9 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements 

15 

Item 9. 

Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

39 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

39 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

40 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

40 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

41 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

41 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

41 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

41 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

41 

Item 15. 

Exhibits 

42 

Signatures 

43 

Exhibit 21.1 

Exhibit 24.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit No. 101.INS 

Exhibit No. 101.SCH 

Exhibit No. 101.CAL 

Exhibit No. 101.DEF 

Exhibit No. 101.LAB 

Exhibit No. 101.PRE 

Exhibit No. 104.FIL 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Business Development 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation (the Company is the parent holding company of Texas Republic Life Insurance Company TRLIC ), Texas Republic Life Solutions, Inc. TRLS ), and Axis Insurance Solutions, LLC AIS ). The Company was incorporated in Texas on May 15, 2012, for the primary purpose of forming and capitalizing a life insurance company subsidiary. 

The Texas Department of Insurance approved TRLIC s life insurance charter on August 1, 2016. The Company capitalized TRLIC with 3,000,000 and owns 100 of TRLIC. TRLIC began insurance operations on April 3, 2017 and is currently selling life and annuity products in the state of Texas. In 2018 the Company made additional capital contributions totaling 2,750,000 for the entire year. In 2019 the Company made two more capital contributions to TRLIC. The first contribution consisted of mortgage loans valued at 857,133 and the second one was a 1,300,000 cash contribution. In 2021 and 2022, the Company made additional total capital contributions of 2,100,000 and 2,100,000, respectively. Total capitalization of TRLIC was 12,107,133 at December 31, 2022. 

TRLS, a life and health insurance agency, was incorporated February 1, 2017. The Company capitalized TRLS with 50,000 and owns 100 of TRLS. In 2018 and 2020 the Company made additional capital contributions of 100,000 and 200,000, respectively. In 2021 and 2022, the Company made additional total capital contributions of 50,000 and 150,000, respectively. Total capitalization of TRLS was 550,000 at December 31, 2022. 

AIS, a property casualty insurance agency, was formed on April 6, 2021. The Company capitalized AIS with 25,000 and owns 100 of AIS. 

Company Capitalization 

From incorporation through April 2, 2017 the Company was involved in the sale of common stock to provide working capital. During this time the Company completed an organizational offering, three private placement stock offerings and an intrastate public stock offering in the state of Texas. The Company raised 10,336,500 and incurred 1,215,569 of offering costs through the issuance of 12,865,000 shares from the organizational offering and three private placement offerings. The intrastate public stock offering was registered to raise 25,000,000 by offering 5,000,000 shares of its common stock and ended on April 2, 2017. Through this offering the Company raised an additional 10,010,485 and incurred another 1,444,127 of offering costs through the sale of 2,002,097 shares of common stock. 

On May 31, 2022, the Company began a rights offering to existing shareholders only. The rights offering ended on September 30, 2022. Through this rights offering, the Company raised 4,400,652 and incurred 77,615 of offering costs through the sale of 733,442 shares of its common stock. 

Financial Information about Segments 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB guidance requires a management approach in the presentation of business segments based on how management internally evaluates the operating performance of business units. The Company has evaluated our operations and has determined there is not definitive segregation between corporate and insurance operations or between life and annuity operations. Therefore, the Company reports only consolidated operations. 

Life Insurance and Annuity Operations 

The Company began selling its life insurance and annuity products on April 3, 2017. TRLIC is currently selling two life and three annuity products. The first life product is a modified whole life product with an annuity rider. It is a ten or twenty-year paid-up policy, based on policyholder age, with 50 of the premium deposited into the annuity rider account in years 2-10/20. The second life product is a modified whole life product TrueFlex developed to be marketed through the workplace as a voluntary benefit by payroll deduction. It is a permanent life product and is portable should the employee leave the employer for any reason. The annuity products are 5-year and 10-year fixed annuities. Based on the product selected there is a 5 or 10 premium bonus immediately credited to the account balance which is vested over five or ten years unless surrendered prior to the end of the vesting period. 

TRLIC entered into an administrative services agreement with Landmark Life Insurance Company on July 24, 2019 and it was subsequently assigned to Landmark Admin, LLC LA ). The services provided under this agreement include agent support, policy issue, accounting, claims processing and other services incidental to the operations of TRLIC. The agreement is effective for a period of three years after which it will continue on a month-to-month basis unless renewed and includes a provision that the agreement may be terminated at any time by either party with a 120-day prior notice. The Company is currently working with LA to renew the agreement. 

4

Table of Contents 

Competition 

TRLIC operates in a mature and highly competitive industry with hundreds of other life and health insurance company groups in the United States as well as other financial intermediaries such as banks and securities firms who market insurance products. Competition is intense because the life insurance industry is consolidating, with larger, more efficient and more effective organizations emerging from consolidation. In addition, there have been new entrants to the industry over the last few years planning to disrupt with technology. 

Many of these companies have significantly more capital and other resources, superior brand recognition, and maintain higher ratings. Competitive factors are primarily the breadth and quality of products offered, established positions in niche markets, pricing, relationships with distribution channels, commission structures, the perceived stability of the insurer, quality of underwriting and customer experience, scale, and cost efficiencies. Operating results of life insurers are subject to fluctuations, not only from the competitive environment, but also due to economic conditions, interest rate levels, actual policy experience and the performance of investments. 

Management believes that we can be competitive by servicing niche markets that are underserved by larger insurers. The Company believes in democratizing insurance and making it available to everyone. By developing specialized products through product innovation and reducing traditional expense overhead, the Company will reach underinsured segments providing cost effective solutions that fit our clients needs. Not to mention, the Company is unique in its structure with three different revenue generating subsidiaries. We can make a sale even if our life insurance carrier does not offer the product of an interested customer through our life and health agency. Additionally, we can cross sell all of our policyholders property and casualty insurance through AIS. The Company has also invested in technology to meet the changing demands of the new generations and how they shop for and buy insurance. Plus, the Company s size and age allows us to react quickly to changing market conditions and be agile enough to correct course without too much cost and the hindering of outdated, legacy systems. 

Reinsurance 

TRLIC utilizes reinsurance to cede excess risk allowing management to control exposure to potential losses arising from large risks and providing additional capacity for growth and risk diversification. TRLIC reinsures all amounts of risk on any one life in excess of 50,000 for individual life insurance to our reinsurance partners. The Company works with multiple partners to ensure the best terms and additional diversification. 

Governmental Regulation 

TRLIC is subject to regulation and supervision by the Texas Department of Insurance TDI ). The insurance laws of Texas give the TDI broad regulatory authority, including powers to: (i) grant and revoke licenses to transact business; (ii) regulate and supervise trade practices and market conduct; (iii) establish guaranty associations; (iv) license agents; (v) approve policy forms; (vi) approve premium rates for some lines of business; (vii) establish reserve requirements; (viii) prescribe the form and content of required financial statements and reports; (ix) determine the reasonableness and adequacy of statutory capital and surplus and (x) regulate the type and amount of permitted investments. 

TRLIC can be required, under the solvency or guaranty laws of Texas in which it does business, to pay assessments (up to prescribed limits) to fund policyholder losses or liabilities of other insurance companies that become insolvent. These assessments may be deferred or foregone under most guaranty laws if they would threaten an insurer s financial strength and, in certain instances, may be offset against future premium taxes. 

TRLIC dividends available for distribution are based on provisions of the Texas Insurance Code. Without prior approval from the Commissioner of Insurance of Texas dividends to shareholders are limited to the greater of (a) 10 of TRLIC s surplus as regards to policyholders as of December 31, next preceding, or (b) the net gain from operations of the insurer company for the twelve-month period ending December 31, next preceding year. 

There are certain factors specific to the life insurance business which may have an adverse effect on the statutory operating results of TRLIC. One such factor is that the costs associated with issuing a new policy in force are usually greater than the first year s policy premium. Accordingly, in the early years of a new life insurance company, these initial costs and the required provisions for reserves often have an adverse effect on statutory operating results. 

Employees 

Our workforce is our most important asset and a key competitive advantage. As of March 23, 2023, the Company had fifteen full-time employees. 

5

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company rents office space for its administrative operations under an agreement that expires in 2027. In determining the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate obtained from its main commercial bank. 

Future payments under operating lease arrangements accounted for under ASC Topic 842 as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2023 

95,922 

2024 

98,810 

2025 

101,773 

2026 

104,831 

2027 

98,723 

Total operating lease payments, undiscounted 

500,059 

Less: interest 

(70,908 

Lease liability, at present value 

429,151 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Various legal proceedings to which the Company or a subsidiary of the Company is party arise from time to time in the normal course of business. As of the date hereof, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of its or its subsidiaries' assets or properties are subject. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

6

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 

Market Information 

Trading of the Company s common stock is limited, and an established public market does not exist. 

(b) 

Holders 

As of March 13, 2023, there were approximately 1,687 shareholders of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

(c) 

Dividends 

The Company has not paid any cash dividends since inception (May 15, 2012). The Board of Directors of the Company has not adopted a dividend payment policy; however, dividends must necessarily depend upon the Company s earnings and financial condition, applicable legal restrictions from the Texas Business Organization Code and other factors relevant at the time the Board of Directors considers a dividend policy. Cash available for dividends to shareholders of the Company must initially come from income and capital gains earned on its investment portfolio and dividends paid by the Company s subsidiaries. 

TRLIC dividends available for distribution are based on provisions of the Texas Insurance Code. Without prior approval from the Commissioner of Insurance of Texas dividends to shareholders are limited to the greater of (a) 10 of TRLIC s surplus as regards to policyholders as of December 31, next preceding, or (b) the net gain from operations of the insurer company for the twelve-month period ending December 31, next preceding year. 

(d) 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Incentive Plans 

The Company has no equity compensation plans for employees. The Company s life subsidiary, TRLIC had an Agent Stock Incentive Plan ASIP ). The plan was approved in August 2018 by the Texas State Securities Board. The plan was suspended by the Company in April 2022. The plan awarded shares of Texas Republic Capital Corporation common stock to agents based on certain production levels achieved in sales of life and annuity products. Calculation of awards at December 31, 2021 are based on production for the period of January through December 2021. 12,150 shares were issued in 2022. The ASIP issued 7,150 shares in 2022 based on 2021 production. The ASIP issued 3,320 shares in 2021 based on 2020 production. In addition, the Company granted 5,000 and 19,000 total shares in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as part of employment agreements and/or bonuses to employees. 

7

Table of Contents 

(e) 

Performance Graph - Not Required 

(f) 

Related Stockholder Matters 

(i) 

Sale of unregistered equity securities 

The Company sold 4,375,000 common shares at .02 per share to its organizing shareholders in May of 2012 for total proceeds of 87,500. Subsequently, the Company completed three private placement stock offerings which raised 10,249,000 through the issuance of 8,490,000 shares from the private placement offerings in 2012 and 2013, including a private placement of 2,000,000 shares for 5,000,000 between February and November 2013. The Company incurred 1,215,569 in offering costs to issue these shares. These shares were sold in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act contained in Securities and Exchange Commission SEC Regulation D, Rule 506. No underwriter was involved in connection with the issuance of these shares, and we paid no finder s fees in the private placements. 

On April 2, 2014, the Company commenced an offering of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at 5.00 per share 25,000,000 maximum) with a 10 over sale provision, in an intrastate public offering registered with the Texas State Securities Board. This offering ended on April 2, 2017 and was sold only to Texas residents pursuant to an exemption from the 1933 Act contained in Section 3(a)(11) of the 1933 Act and Rule 147 promulgated by the SEC. It was sold by issuer agents registered with the Texas State Securities Board. The Company raised 10,010,485 and incurred offering costs of 1,444,127 from the sale of 2,002,097 shares in this offering. 

On May 31, 2022, the Company began a rights offering to existing shareholders only. The rights offering ended on September 30, 2022. Through this rights offering, the Company raised 4,400,652 and incurred 77,615 of offering costs through the sale of 733,442 shares of its common stock. These shares were sold in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act contained in Securities and Exchange Commission SEC Regulation D, Rule 506. No underwriter was involved in connection with the issuance of these shares, and we paid no finder s fees in the private placements. 

Proceeds have been used for working capital and the capitalization of a life insurance company and other insurance agencies. 

(g) 

Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer 

Since inception through December 31, 2018, the Company purchased 3,000 shares of the Company s common stock for 15,000 held as treasury stock. Additionally, TRLIC has purchased another 111,000 shares of TRCC common stock at a cost of 118,210 since 2018. The shares were purchased to compensate agents under TRLIC s ASIP. The Company has issued 16,080 treasury shares under the ASIP since inception of the plan and another 44,000 treasury shares as part of two employment agreements and/or bonuses to employees. The remaining shares are held as treasury shares in the consolidated financial statements. 

8

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation we , us , our , TRCC or the Company was incorporated in May 2012 as a financial services holding company. We own and operate insurance subsidiaries: a life insurance company, a life insurance agency, and a property casualty insurance agency. We sell and issue life insurance products and annuity contracts as part of the insurance company. As an insurance provider, we collect premiums and annuity considerations in the current period to pay future benefits to our policy and contract holders. Currently, we only issue our products in the state of Texas. As a life insurance agency and a property casualty insurance agency, we sell and place insurance products for other insurance carriers. If our life insurance company does not offer products that suit our client s needs, then we can meet their needs through other carrier products sold by our life agency. In addition, we have ability to cross-sell all current and prospective client s property and casualty insurance through the other agency, or the possibility of driving growth for the Company in other markets where participants are not seeking life insurance. The agencies collect commissions on the sale of those products. 

We also realize revenues from our investment portfolio, which is a key component of our operations. The revenues and funds we collect as premiums and annuity considerations from policyholders are invested to ensure future benefit payments under the policy contracts. Life insurance companies earn profits on the investment spread, which reflects the investment income earned on the premiums and annuity considerations paid to the insurer between the time of receipt and the time benefits are paid out under our policies and contracts. Changes in interest rates, changes in economic conditions and volatility in the capital markets can all impact the amount of earnings that we realize from our investment portfolio. 

The Company continues to incur overall losses since inception. These losses were fully expected, planned for, and fell within an expected range when considering the necessary start-up, infrastructure, distribution, and policy issuance costs of a new life insurance company. These losses have resulted from the costs incurred while raising capital and starting a new company, which involves investing in people, technology, infrastructure, marketing, brand awareness, distribution channels, regulatory and filing fees, legal costs, and other overhead expenses related to our operations. We expect to continue to incur operating losses until we achieve a volume of in-force life insurance policies that provide premiums and the associated investment income which are sufficient to cover our operating costs. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. On a continuing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. 

We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following accounting policies, judgments and estimates are the most critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Investments 

Fixed maturity securities are comprised of bonds that are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The amortized cost of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale is generally adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount. 

Interest income, as well as the related amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is included in net investment income under the effective yield method. The amortized cost of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale is written down to fair value when a decline in value is considered to be other-than-temporary. 

The Company evaluates the difference between the cost or amortized cost and estimated fair value of its investments to determine whether any decline in value is other-than-temporary in nature. This determination involves a degree of uncertainty. If a decline in the fair value of a security is determined to be temporary, the decline is recorded as an unrealized loss in shareholders equity. 

9

Table of Contents 

If a decline in a security s fair value is considered to be other-than-temporary, the Company then determines the proper treatment for the other-than-temporary impairment. For fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, the amount of any other-than-temporary impairment related to a credit loss is recognized in earnings and reflected as a reduction in the cost basis of the security; and the amount of any other-than-temporary impairment related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) with no change to the cost basis of the security. 

The assessment of whether a decline in fair value is considered temporary or other-than-temporary includes management s judgment as to the financial position and future prospects of the entity issuing the security. It is not possible to accurately predict when it may be determined that a specific security will become impaired. Future adverse changes in market conditions, poor operating results of underlying investments and defaults on mortgage loan payments could result in losses or an inability to recover the current carrying value of the investments, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge in the future. 

Likewise, if a change occurs in the Company s intent to sell temporarily impaired securities prior to maturity or recovery in value, or if it becomes more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell such securities prior to recovery in value or maturity, a future impairment charge could result. If an other-than-temporary impairment related to a credit loss occurs with respect to a bond, the Company amortizes the reduced book value back to the security s expected recovery value over the remaining term of the bond. The Company continues to review the security for further impairment that would prompt another write-down in the value. 

Purchases and sales of securities are recorded on a trade-date basis. Interest earned on investments is recorded on the accrual basis and is included in net investment income. 

The Company s mortgage loan portfolio is comprised entirely of residential properties with loan to appraised value ratios below 90 . Mortgage loans are carried at amortized book value. A mortgage loan allowance has been established for any unforeseen losses using an industry approach. While we utilize our best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of this allowance is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond our control, including the performance of the residential mortgage loan portfolio, the economy and changes in interest rates. Our allowance for possible mortgage loan losses consists of specific valuation allowances established for probable losses on specific loans and a portfolio reserve for probable incurred losses but not for specifically identified loans. The fair values for mortgage loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis. The discount rate used to calculate fair values was indexed to the LIBOR yield curve adjusted for an appropriate credit spread. 

We consider mortgage loans on real estate impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the mortgage loan agreement. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis. Factors that we consider in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value of the real estate subject to the mortgage loan and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Mortgage loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. 

The Company s other long-term investments are comprised of lottery prize cash flows holdings held at amortized cost. These investments are categorized as other long-term investments in the statement of financial position and are assignments of the future rights from lottery winners purchased at a discounted price. Payments on these investments are made by state run lotteries. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and money market instruments. 

Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

Costs that relate to and vary with the successful production of new business are deferred over life of the policy. Deferred acquisition costs (DAC) consist of commissions and policy issuance, underwriting and agency expenses. DAC expenses are amortized primarily over the premium-paying period of life policies and as profits emerge on the annuity products, using the same assumptions as were used in computing liabilities for future policy benefits. 

Deferred Sales Inducement Costs 

Sales inducement costs (SIC) are related to policy bonuses issued on some of the Company s annuity products. SIC is deferred at the issuance of the policy and amortized over the bonus period on a straight-line basis. The amount deferred is based on the difference between the fund value with the bonus and the fund value without the bonus. 

10

Table of Contents 

Policyholders Account Balances 

The Company s liability for policyholders account balances represents the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder as of the financial statement date. This liability is generally equal to the accumulated account deposits plus applicable bonus and interest credited less policyholders withdrawals and other charges assessed against the account balance. Interest crediting rates for individual annuities range from 1.55 to 5.50 . 

Future Policy Benefits 

Future policy benefit reserves have been computed by the net level premium method with assumptions as to investment yields, mortality and withdrawals based upon the Company s experience. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of policy liabilities and the increase in future policy benefit reserves. Management s judgments and estimates for future policy benefit reserves provide for possible unfavorable deviation. Actual experience may emerge differently from that originally estimated. Any such difference would be recognized in the current year s consolidated statement of operations. 

Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Please refer to the applicable paragraphs in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets DTAs and deferred tax liabilities DTLs for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, we determine DTAs and DTLs on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on DTAs and DTLs is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

We recognize DTAs to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, carryback potential if permitted under the tax law, and results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to realize our DTAs in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the DTA valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

We record uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) we determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

Results of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

Revenues are primarily from life insurance premium income and investment income. Realized gains and losses on investment holdings can significantly impact revenues from period to period. 

December 31, 

			 2022 

December 31, 

			 2021 

Premiums and other considerations 

1,991,883 

699,490 

Net investment income 

1,711,015 

1,200,035 

Net realized investment gains 

17,635 

61,177 

Commission income 

506,630 

215,758 

Total revenues 

4,227,163 

2,176,460 

Total revenues increased by 2,050,703, or 94 , for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase was a result of increased new policy sales in the life insurance company, increased commissions collected through the agencies, and additional investment income earned through further investments in fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, and other long-term investments. There was a small reduction in net realized investment gains compared to the prior year which slightly offset the revenue growth. Net realized investment gains or losses can vary from year to year based on current market conditions at the time of sale. The Company also accepted annuity considerations during 2022 and 2021. Annuity considerations contribute to additional net investment income through increased investments but are not classified as premiums and other considerations under total revenues for GAAP reporting. 

11

Table of Contents 

Expenses 

Our expenses relate to operating a financial services holding company, a life insurance company, and two insurance agencies. 

Expenses were 5,377,147 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 1,116,102, or 26 , from 4,261,045 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Significant expense categories are discussed below. 

Total Benefits and Claims Claims and benefit expenses were 1,654,891 and 1,496,820 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 158,071 is primarily related to the increase in future policy benefits and death and other benefit payments which was offset by interest credited to policyholders. This increase is to be expected based on new sales production, increased insurance volume, number of insureds covered, and the passage of time since policy issuance. This coincides with the decrease in interest credited to policyholders as the Company looks to sell more life products and less annuity policies. Furthermore, death and benefit payments can significantly impact expenses from period to period due to timing. 

Commissions Commission expenses were 1,750,126 and 764,131 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 985,995 is consistent with new business issued and renewal commissions paid on previously issued business, net of any applicable commission recaptured. The commission in the first year of policy issuance is typically significantly greater than the subsequent years. Conversely, in subsequent years with lower renewal commission rates, the Company should realize additional profits on previously issued business as premiums collected will significantly outweigh any renewal commissions paid. 

Salaries and Employee Benefits Salary and employee benefits expense increased 574,244 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily related to the increased costs associated with new employee hires, wage increases, and increasing benefits costs consistent with the price increases seen due to inflation pressures over the last year. The Company hired five new employees in 2022. Alternatively, the Company continues to use more external consultants as opposed to hiring new employees for certain tasks and roles. This decision allows us to save on benefit costs, payroll taxes, other employee overhead expenses, and allows us to pay for their time as needed. This decision has helped to reduce the overall increases in salaries and employee benefits. 

Other Expenses Third-party administration fees and professional fees continue to be two of the larger contributing expenses to the overall total expenses. The Company anticipates that these fees along with other general and administrative expenses will continue to increase over time due to new sales production, increased growth in the overall book of business, and the continued growth of the Company. The professional fees will continue to increase due to additional public accounting firm fees, consulting actuarial fees, and the external consultants mentioned above in the salaries and employee benefits section. However, as the total amounts incurred will increase over time as we grow, the percentage increases from year to year should hopefully decrease as the Company matures and achieves economies of scale. 

Net Loss 

The net loss was 1,149,984, or (0.08) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 2,084,585, or (0.14) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 934,601, or 45 , improvement in the net loss was primarily attributable to the increases in revenues and expenses described above. 

The weighted average common shares outstanding were 15,108,340 and 14,781,325 for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Financial Position As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total assets of the Company increased from 37,381,933 as of December 31, 2021 to 40,255,138 as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 2,873,205 or 8 and was primarily attributable to new capital raised in 2022. Assets that increased or decreased materially in 2022 were fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, other long-term investments, cash and cash equivalents, deferred acquisition costs, leased property right to use, and other assets. 

Total investments increased by 5,323,597, or 21 . This increase was due to premium receipts and commission income from policies and new capital proceeds received as well as the additional investment of outstanding cash and cash equivalents into higher yielding investments as we try to maximize our net investment income to boost total revenues. As a result, cash and cash equivalents decreased by 3,807,077 for the year ended December 31, 2022. All non-operating cash is held in interest bearing cash equivalent accounts. 

In addition, the Company sold fixed maturity securities at net realized gains and received proceeds from prepayments, maturities, and sinking fund payments from fixed maturity securities and other long-term investments to allocate more funds into mortgage loan investments at higher investment yields. Mortgage loans increased by 5,424,636 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This reallocation of the investment portfolio should provide meaningful increases to net investment income over the upcoming years. 

12

Table of Contents 

Similarly, new cash receipts from annuity considerations and premiums plan to be allocated in a similar manner to maximize total revenues. We continue to invest our excess cash in higher yielding investments as suitable options become available. 

The Company also recognized an increase in deferred policy acquisition costs as the Company continues to successfully sell more new business. The leased property - right to use asset increased due to the renewal extension of our lease for office space which is offset fully by a corresponding liability. Other assets that materially increased were federal income taxes recoverable on taxes withheld from cash receipts on other long-term investment payments and amounts recoverable from reinsurers, both items are included in the other assets line on the consolidated statements of financial position. The federal income taxes recoverable balance is 100 recoverable via tax refunds from the U.S. Government. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers represent the amounts due from our reinsurance partners. This balance continues to grow with the successful production of more and more business and our policy of using reinsurance partners to limit our exposure on any one individual policyholder. 

Policyholder liabilities include benefit reserves for both life and annuity policies, claim reserves, deposit funds and advance premiums. Policyholder liabilities increased 617,322 at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily related to new sales production, increased insurance volume, number of insureds covered, and the passage of time since policy issuance. 

Total shareholder equity of the Company increased from 6,611,969 as of December 31, 2021 to 8,515,506 as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 1,903,537. The increase is mainly due to the recently completed rights offering and the additional capital raised. That increase was primarily offset by a negative change of 1,281,666 in unrealized losses in the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 because of interest rate increases in the market and the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company issued 12,150 of its treasury shares in 2022 which increased total shareholders equity and helped contribute to the overall increase mentioned above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since inception, our operations have been financed primarily through an organizational offering, three private placement offerings, an intrastate public stock offering, and a rights offering to existing shareholders only. Through December 31, 2022, we received 24,747,637 from the sale of 15,600,539 shares and incurred offering costs of 2,737,311. Since inception through December 31, 2018, the Company purchased 3,000 shares of the Company s common stock for 15,000 held as treasury stock. Additionally, TRLIC has purchased another 111,000 shares of TRCC common stock at a cost of 118,210 since 2018. The shares were purchased to compensate agents under TRLIC s Agent Stock Incentive Plan ASIP ). The Company has issued 16,080 treasury shares under the ASIP since inception of the plan and another 44,000 treasury shares as part of employment agreements and/or bonuses to employees. The remaining 50,920 shares held by TRLIC and the 3,000 shares held by TRCC total 53,920 shares. These shares are held as treasury shares in the consolidated financial statements. 

We had cash and cash equivalents totaling 4,417,837 as of December 31, 2022. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents at multiple institutions. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures interest and non-interest-bearing accounts up to 250,000. Uninsured balances aggregate 1,923,139 as of December 31, 2022. Other funds are invested in mutual funds that invest in U.S. government securities. We monitor the solvency of all financial institutions in which we have funds to minimize the exposure for loss. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Capital provided from the previous offerings and current offering will provide a considerable amount of operating funds for current and future operations of TRCC. The operations of TRLIC should provide ample cash flows from premium income and investment income to meet operating requirements once a sufficient book of business has been established, or new policy sales are turned off, whichever happens first. Life insurance contract liabilities are generally long term in nature and are generally paid from future cash flows. The operations of TRLS and AIS should provide sufficient cash flows from commission income to meet their operating requirements. TRLS and AIS are also less capital intensive than TRLIC since it does not retain any of the policy risks or capital requirements. 

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating expenses and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We have based this estimate upon assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. We are not aware of any commitments or unusual events that could materially affect our capital resources. We are not aware of any current recommendations by any regulatory authority which, if implemented, would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, capital resources or operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

13

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained herein are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and include estimates and assumptions related to economic, competitive and legislative developments. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expects, intends, anticipates, plans, believes, estimates, will or words of similar meaning; and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the outlook of our business and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to change and uncertainty, which are, in many instances, beyond our control and have been made based upon our expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect upon us. 

There can be no assurance that future developments will be in accordance with our expectations, or that the effect of future developments on us will be as anticipated. These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. There are certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements. 

These factors include among others: 

general economic conditions and financial factors, including the performance and fluctuations of fixed income, equity, real estate, credit capital and other financial markets; 

differences between actual experience regarding mortality, morbidity, persistency, surrenders, investment returns, and our pricing assumptions establishing liabilities and reserves or for other purposes; 

the effect of increased claims activity from natural or man-made catastrophes, pandemic disease, or other events resulting in catastrophic loss of life; 

inherent uncertainties in the determination of investment allowances and impairments and in the determination of the valuation allowance on the deferred income tax asset; 

investment losses and defaults; 

competition in our product lines; 

attraction and retention of qualified employees and agents; 

ineffectiveness of risk management policies and procedures in identifying, monitoring and managing risks; 

the availability, affordability and adequacy of reinsurance protection; 

the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues; 

the cyclical nature of the insurance business; 

interest rate fluctuations; 

changes in our experiences related to deferred policy acquisition costs; 

the ability and willingness of counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements and derivative instruments to pay balances due to us; 

rating agencies actions; 

domestic or international military actions; 

the effects of extensive government regulation of the insurance industry; 

changes in tax and securities law; 

changes in statutory or U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), practices or policies; 

regulatory or legislative changes or developments; 

the effects of unanticipated events on our disaster recovery and business continuity planning; 

failures or limitations of our computer, data security and administration systems; 

risks of employee error or misconduct; 

the introduction of alternative healthcare solutions; 

the assimilation of life insurance businesses we acquire and the sound management of these businesses; 

the availability of capital to expand our business; and 

It is not our corporate policy to make specific projections relating to future earnings, and we do not endorse any projections regarding future performance made by others. In addition, we do not publicly update or revise forward-looking statements based on the outcome of various foreseeable or unforeseeable developments. 

14

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

TEXAS REPUBLIC CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Consolidated Financial Statements 	 	 	 Page Number 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 	 	 	 16 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 	 	 	 18 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Operations 	 	 	 19 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 	 	 	 20 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 	 	 	 21 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 	 	 	 22 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 	 	 	 23 	 	 

15

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and 

Shareholders of Texas Republic Capital Corporation 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. Federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Amortization of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Refer to Note 1 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company s products include traditional life insurance contracts and annuities in which certain acquisition costs are capitalized and the expenses are deferred into future periods. Management amortizes the capitalized costs of traditional life insurance products over the premium paying period of the products based on assumptions developed and consistent with assumptions used in determining the products future policy benefit liabilities. Annuity products are amortized based on actual and expected future gross profits. The unamortized deferred policy acquisition cost asset was 2.5 million as of December 31, 2022. 

The recovery of the unamortized deferred policy acquisition cost asset is dependent on the future profitability of the related products. Management periodically reviews the recoverability by developing an actuarial study of the present value of future profits of the products and reduces the asset when the asset is shown to not be recoverable. 

As a result, the audit of this area requires a high degree of judgment due to the complex nature of determining the amortization for the period and creation of actuarial studies for recoverability. 

16

Table of Contents 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the amortization of the unamortized deferred policy acquisition cost asset and consideration of the recoverability of the asset included, among others, the following: 

We gained an understanding of the processes utilized and controls implemented in amortizing the deferred policy acquisition costs 

We obtained and reviewed the actuarial recoverability study 

We tested data utilized by management for completeness and accuracy 

We performed various analytical procedures pertaining to the asset and the related amortization 

We engaged an independent actuarial specialist to assist with the review and evaluation of the assumptions and methodologies used by management 

Future Policy Benefit Reserves Refer to Note 1 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

Liabilities for amounts payable under the Company s life insurance products are recorded as future policy benefits liabilities. Such liabilities are established based on actuarial assumptions at the time policies are issued. Management applies considerable judgement in developing the actuarial assumptions based on expectations of future economic conditions and policyholder behavior. These assumptions are developed at the time the contracts are issued. If actual experience is adverse in nature when compared to the original assumptions in developing the future policy benefits liability, management may be required to establish premium deficiency reserves. The Company s future policy benefits liability was 1.8 million as of December 31, 2022. 

The audit of future policy benefits requires a high degree of auditor judgment when considering the complex actuarial assumptions and models utilized by management. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the liability for future policy benefits included the following procedures, among others: 

We gained an understanding of the processes utilized and controls implemented in determining the valuation of future policy benefits 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data and the underlying data used by management in developing the valuation 

We performed various analytical procedures 

We engaged an independent actuarial specialist to evaluate the actuarial assumptions and methodologies for reasonableness, to develop an independent estimate of future policy benefits on a sample basis and to evaluate management s development of experience studies 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

/s/ 

March 24, 2023 

17

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Available-for-sale fixed maturity securities at fair value 	 (Amortized cost: and as of 	 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 	 

Mortgage loans, net of allowance 

Policy loans 

Other long-term investments 

Total investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accrued investment income 

Due premium 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Deferred sales inducement costs 

Advances and notes receivable, net of allowance 

Leased property right to use 

Prepaid assets 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Furniture and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Policy liabilities 

Policyholders account balances 

Future policy benefits 

Policy claims and other benefits 

Liability for deposit-type contracts 

Other policyholder liabilities 

Total policy liabilities 

Lease liability 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, 	 and issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 	 and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 	 respectively 	 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 	 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

18

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Premiums and other considerations 

Net investment income 

Net realized gains on investments 

Commission income 

Total revenues 

Benefits, claims and expenses 

Increase in future policy benefits 

Death and other benefits 

Interest credited to policyholders 

Total benefits and claims 

Policy acquisition costs deferred 

Policy acquisition costs amortized 

Commissions 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Office rent 

Third-party administration fees 

Travel, meals, and entertainment 

Professional fees 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total benefits, claims and expenses 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share outstanding 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

19

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss 

Total net unrealized losses arising during the period 

Less net realized investment gains 

Net unrealized investment losses 

Adjustment to deferred acquisition costs 

Deferred taxes 

Total other comprehensive loss 

Total comprehensive loss 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

20

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 

			 .01 Par 

			 Value 

Additional 

			 Paid-in 

			 Capital 

Treasury 

			 Stock 

Accumulated 

			 Other 

			 Comprehensive 

			 Income (Loss) 

Accumulated 

			 Deficit 

Total 

			 Shareholders 

			 Equity 

Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Treasury shares issued 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Common stock shares issued, net of issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

Treasury shares issued 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

21

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium on investments 

Net realized capital gains 

Provision for depreciation and amortization 

Policy acquisition costs deferred 

Policy acquisition costs amortized 

Mortgage loan origination fees deferred 

- 	 

Amortization of mortgage loan origination fees 

Provision for estimated mortgage loan losses 

Provision for estimated uncollectible advances and notes receivable 

Interest credited to policyholders 

Non-cash salary expense 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Accrued investment income 

Due premium 

Advances and notes receivable 

Prepaid assets 

Other assets 

Future policy benefits 

Policy claims 

Other policy liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchases of furniture and equipment 

Purchases of intangible assets 

Purchases of available for sale securities 

Sales of available for sale securities 

Purchases of mortgage loans 

Payments on mortgage loans 

Policy loans 

Purchases of other long-term investments 

Payments on other long-term investments 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

- 	 

Policyholder deposits 

Policyholder withdrawals 

Deposit-type contracts - deposits 

Deposit-type contracts - withdrawals 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Treasury stock issued as compensation 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

22

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and owns of TRLIC. TRLIC began insurance operations on April 3, 2017 and is currently selling life and annuity products in the state of Texas. In 2018 the Company made additional capital contributions totaling for the entire year. In 2019 the Company made two more capital contributions to TRLIC. The first contribution consisted of mortgage loans valued at and the second one was a cash contribution. In 2021 and 2022, the Company made additional total capital contributions of and , respectively. Total capitalization of TRLIC was at December 31, 2022. 

and owns of TRLS. In 2018 and 2020 the Company made additional capital contributions of and , respectively. In 2021 and 2022, the Company made additional total capital contributions of and , respectively. Total capitalization of TRLS was at December 31, 2022. 

and owns of AIS. 

private placement stock offerings and an intrastate public stock offering in the state of Texas. The Company raised and incurred of offering costs through the issuance of shares from the organizational offering and private placement offerings. The intrastate public stock offering was registered to raise by offering shares of its common stock and ended on April 2, 2017. Through this offering the Company raised an additional and incurred another of offering costs through the sale of shares of common stock. 

and incurred of offering costs through the sale of shares of its common stock. 

23

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

. Mortgage loans are carried at current book value. A mortgage loan allowance has been established for any unforeseen losses using an industry approach, which establishes a reserve for possible loan losses charged to expense which represents, in the Company s judgement, the known and estimated credit losses existing in the loan portfolio. This reserve reduces the carrying value of investment in mortgage loans on the consolidated statement of financial position. The fair values for mortgage loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis. The discount rate used to calculate fair values was indexed to the LIBOR yield curve adjusted for an appropriate credit spread. 

Interest income and the accretion of discount are included in net investment income. 

24

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

and of DAC deferred for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was and of DAC amortized for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and of SIC deferred at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 there was of SIC deferred and of SIC amortized. There was of SIC deferred and of SIC amortized during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to . Expenditures for improvements are capitalized, and expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization is removed from the related accounts, and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is reflected in income. 

25

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

to . 

and for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and to FTFC under the agreement for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

26

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

27

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total fixed maturity securities 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total fixed maturity securities 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Greater than 12 months 

Corporate bonds 

Total fixed maturity securities 

Greater than 12 months 

Corporate bonds 

Total fixed maturity securities 

. As of December 31, 2021, there were fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position. 

28

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. Investments (continued) 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on available-for-sale securities 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total fixed maturity securities 

of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments in available-for-sale securities and had of gross gains and of gross losses realized, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments in available-for-sale securities and had of gross gains. 

29

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. Investments (continued) 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Total other long-term investments 

Florida 

Georgia 

Indiana 

Massachusetts 

New York 

Ohio 

Oregon 

Pennsylvania 

Total 

70 to 80 

60 to 70 

50 to 60 

Less than 50 

Total 

30

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. Investments (continued) 

Arkansas 

Arizona 

California 

Colorado 

Connecticut 

Florida 

Georgia 

Illinois 

Indiana 

Kansas 

Kentucky 

Louisiana 

Maryland 

Michigan 

Missouri 

North Carolina 

New Jersey 

Ohio 

Pennsylvania 

South Carolina 

Tennessee 

Texas 

Virginia 

Wisconsin 

Total 

that were 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2022. One of those 2 mortgage loans had a principal balance of and was in the process of foreclosure as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects to fully recover the principal balance outstanding plus any accrued interest along with all fees and expenses. There were 3 mortgage loans with a principal balance of that were 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2021. The Company had a mortgage loan allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Current year change in provision of estimated mortgage loan losses 

End of year: mortgage loan allowance balance 

Other long-term assets 

Mortgage loans 

Short-term and other investments 

Gross investment income 

Investment expenses 

Net investment income 

31

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total fixed maturity securities 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total fixed maturity securities 

32

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3. Fair Value Measurements (continued) 

Mortgage loans on real estate 

Policy loans 

Other long-term investments 

Accrued investment income 

Advances and notes receivable 

Total financial assets 

Financial liabilities 

Policyholders account balances 

Policy claims and other benefits 

Total financial liabilities 

Mortgage loans on real estate 

Policy loans 

Other long-term investments 

Accrued investment income 

Advances and notes receivable 

Total financial assets 

Financial liabilities 

Policyholders account balances 

Policy claims and other benefits 

Total financial liabilities 

33

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3. Fair Value Measurements (continued) 

. The fair values for mortgage loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses. For residential mortgage loans, the discount rate used was indexed to the LIBOR yield curve adjusted for an appropriate credit spread. 

34

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total Intangible assets 

Less - accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets net of accumulated amortization 

Less - accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment net of accumulated depreciation 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The provision for income taxes consisted of current taxes and deferred taxes as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Permanent differences 

Permanent return to provision adjustments 

Deferred true-ups 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income taxes 

35

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

6. Income Taxes (continued) 

Reserves 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Investments - unrealized 

Deferred acquisition costs 

Other 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

million has been recorded to recognize only the portion of the DTA that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of the DTA considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth. 

million. These net operating loss carryforwards, if unused, will begin to expire in 2031. 

Indefinite lived 

Total 

36

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

. Uninsured balances aggregate as of December 31, 2022. The Company monitors the solvency of all financial institutions in which it has funds to minimize the exposure for loss. The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

shares were issued in 2022. The ASIP issued shares in 2022 based on 2021 production. The ASIP issued shares in 2021 based on 2020 production. In addition, the Company granted and total shares in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as part of employment agreements and/or bonuses to employees. 

for individual life insurance with our reinsurance partners. 

Commissions and expense allowances ceded 

Benefits ceded 

Reserve credits ceded 

In force amount ceded 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total operating lease payments, undiscounted 

Less: interest 

Lease liability, at present value 

37

Table of Contents 

Texas Republic Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The statutory capital and surplus of TRLIC was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. TRLIC is subject to Texas laws that limit the amount of dividends insurance companies can pay to stockholders without approval of the TDI. The maximum dividend, which may be paid in any twelve-month period without notification or approval, is limited to the greater of of statutory surplus as of December 31 of the preceding year or the net gain from operations of the preceding calendar year. Cash dividends may only be paid out of surplus derived from realized net profits. Based on these limitations, there is no capacity for TRLIC to pay a dividend to TRCC. TRLIC has paid no dividends to TRCC. 

38

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. (This report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section). 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certifying Officers ), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as amended Exchange Act as of the end of the fiscal period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon such evaluation, the Certifying Officers have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is made known to management, including our Certifying Officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operating, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As of the end of the period covered by this annual report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Certifying Officers, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The standard measures adopted by management in making its evaluation are the measures in the Internal-Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon such evaluation, management has determined that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to the attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

The Company s management, including the Certifying Officers, does not expect that the disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management or board override of the control. 

The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

39

Table of Contents 

Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

40

Table of Contents 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

41

Table of Contents 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description of Exhibit 

3.1 

Certificate of Formation 

3.2 

Bylaws 

10.1 

Lease Agreement October 1, 2014 September 30, 2017 

10.2 

Mortgage Loan Consulting Agreement between the Company and First Trinity Financial Corporation 

10.3 

Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement between the Company and First Trinity Financial Corporation 

10.4 

Mortgage Loan Repurchase Guarantee Agreement between the Company and First Trinity Financial Corporation 

10.5 

Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and First Trinity Financial Corporation 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 

24.1 

Powers of Attorney (included in the signature pages hereto and incorporated herein by reference). 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104.FIL 

Inline XBRL Cover Page Interactive Data File 

Filed herewith 

XBRL Information is furnished and not filed as part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

42

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TEXAS REPUBLIC CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Date March 24, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Timothy R. Miller 

Timothy R. Miller 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TEXAS REPUBLIC CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Date March 24, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Shane S. Mitchell 

Shane S. Mitchell 

Chief Financial Officer 

43

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By 

/s/ Timothy R. Miller 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

Timothy R. Miller 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

By 

/s/ William S. Lay 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

William S. Lay 

Secretary and Treasurer 

By 

/s/ Steven D. Braley 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

Steven D. Braley, Director 

By 

/s/ David L. Cleavinger 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

David L. Cleavinger, Director 

By 

/s/ Kenneth R. Davis 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

Kenneth R. Davis, Director 

By 

/s/ J. Pete Laney 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

J. Pete Laney, Director 

By 

/s/ Adrian G. McDonald Jr. 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

Adrian G. McDonald Jr., Director 

By 

/s/ Alvie J. Mitchell Jr. 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

Alvie J. Mitchell Jr., Director 

By 

/s/ Gerald J. Kohout 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

Gerald J. Kohout, Director 

By 

/s/ Gregg E. Zahn 

Date 

March 24, 2023 

Gregg E. Zahn. Director 

44

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_492252.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_492252.htm 

EXHIBIT NO. 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF TEXAS REPUBLIC CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 A TEXAS CORPORATION 

State of 

Company Name 

Incorporation 

Ownership 

Texas Republic Life Insurance Company 

Texas 

100 Direct 

Texas Republic Life Solutions, Inc. 

Texas 

100 Direct 

Axis Insurance Solutions LLC 

Texas 

100 Direct 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_492253.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_492253.htm 

EXHIBIT NO. 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Timothy R. Miller, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Texas Republic Capital Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant, and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter, the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

By: /s/ Timothy R. Miller 

 Timothy R. Miller, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex_492254.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_492254.htm 

EXHIBIT NO. 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Shane S. Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Texas Republic Capital Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant, and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter, the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

By: /s/ Shane S. Mitchell 

 Shane S. Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_492255.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_492255.htm 

EXHIBIT NO. 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Texas Republic Capital Corporation, a Texas corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies that: 

To my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

By: /s/ Timothy R. Miller 

 Timothy R. Miller, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex_492256.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_492256.htm 

EXHIBIT NO. 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Texas Republic Capital Corporation, a Texas corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies that: 

To my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

By: /s/ Shane S. Mitchell 

 Shane S. Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 trcc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 trcc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 trcc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 trcc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 trcc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

