<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_357301_0001140361-23-009386.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32046678</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>392233</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2937012</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15790231</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5466686</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5932910</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-009386.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301150202
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-009386
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRUSTCO BANK CORP N Y
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000357301
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				141630287
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10592
		FILM NUMBER:		23692833

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 METRO PARK ROAD
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5183773311

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 METRO PARK ROAD
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-009386.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 brhc10048869_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

Or

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the transition period from ____________________ to ____________________

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

NEW YORK 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , NEW YORK 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of exchange on which registered) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

. No. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes. . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
 the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. . No. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). . No. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
 Act. 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
 elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
 over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the
 filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those errors corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
 any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes. No. 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022,
 the last business day of the Company s second fiscal quarter, was million (based upon the closing price of 30.84 on June 30,
 2022 as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) . 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of February 23, 2023 was .

Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the registrant s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 are incorporated by reference
 into Parts I and II, and portion of the registrant s Proxy Statement filed for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year end are incorporated into Part III.

1 

INDEX

Description

Page

PART I

Item 1

Business 

3 

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

18 

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

29 

Item 2

Properties 

29 

Item 3

Legal Proceedings 

29 

Item 4

Mine Safety Disclosures 

29 

PART II

Item 5

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

31 

Item 6

[Reserved] 

32 

Item 7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

32 

Item 7A

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

32 

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

32 

Item 9

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

32 

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

32 

Item 9B

Other Information 

33 

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

33 

PART III

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

33 

Item 11

Executive Compensation 

33 

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

33 

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

33 

Item 14

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

33 

PART IV

Item 15

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

34 

Item 16

Form 10-K Summary 

38 

EXHIBITS INDEX 

34 

Signatures 

39 

2 

Index 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Statements included in this report and in future filings by TrustCo with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in TrustCo s press releases, and in oral statements made
 with the approval of an authorized executive officer, including statements regarding the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and macroeconomic or geopolitical concerns related to inflation and rising interest rates, that are not
 historical or current facts, are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
 to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated or projected. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of such words such as may, will, should, could, would, estimate, project, believe, intend,
 anticipate, plan, seek, expect and similar expressions. TrustCo wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.

The risk factors listed in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and TrustCo s 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is included
 as Exhibit 13 hereto, and in TrustCo s other filings with the SEC , among others, in some cases have affected and in the future could affect TrustCo s actual results and could cause TrustCo s actual financial
 performance to differ materially from that expressed in any forward-looking statement. Additionally, many of these risks and uncertainties are currently elevated by and may or will continue to be elevated by the effects of the COVID-19
 pandemic and macroeconomic or geopolitical concerns related to inflation, rising interest rates and the war in Ukraine. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although TrustCo believes that the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee that
 the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. The Company disclaims any obligation to subsequently revise any forward-looking statements to
 reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements, or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.

PART I

Item 1. 

Business 

General 

TrustCo Bank Corp NY TrustCo or the Company is a savings and loan
 holding company having its principal place of business at 5 Sarnowski Drive, Glenville, New York 12302. TrustCo was incorporated under the laws of New York in 1981 to be the parent holding company of The Schenectady Trust Company, which
 subsequently was renamed Trustco Bank New York and, later, Trustco Bank, National Association. The Company s principal subsidiary, Trustco Bank (also referred to as the Bank ), is the successor by merger to Trustco Bank, National Association.

Through policy and practice, TrustCo continues to emphasize that it is an equal opportunity employer. There were 750 full-time equivalent employees of TrustCo at year-end. TrustCo had 7,593 shareholders of record as of December 31, 2022 and
 the closing price of the TrustCo common stock on December 30, 2022 (the last trading day of 2022) was 37.59.

Subsidiaries 

Trustco Bank

Trustco Bank is a federal savings bank engaged in providing general banking services to individuals and business. At year-end 2022, the Bank operated 158 automatic teller machines and 143
 banking offices in Albany, Columbia, Dutchess, Greene, Montgomery, Orange, Putnam, Rensselaer, Rockland, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, Ulster, Warren, Washington, and Westchester counties of New York, Brevard, Charlotte, Flagler,
 Hillsborough, Indian River, Lake, Manatee, Martin, Orange, Osceola, Palm Beach, Polk, Sarasota, Seminole, and Volusia counties in Florida, Bennington County in Vermont, Berkshire County in Massachusetts and Bergen County in New Jersey.

3 

Index 

The largest part of such business consists of accepting deposits and making loans and investments. Trustco Bank also lends in Essex and Fulton counties of New York, Essex, Hudson, Morris, and
 Passaic counties of New Jersey, Collier, Lee, Marion, Pasco, Pinellas, St. Johns, St. Lucie, and Sumter counties of Florida, where it has no branch locations.

The Bank provides a wide range of both personal and business banking services, including a full array of deposit products for both individuals and businesses. Trustco Bank also offers trust and
 investment services through its Financial Services Department. The Bank is supervised and regulated by the federal Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ).

Its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC to the extent permitted by law. The Bank s
 subsidiary, Trustco Realty Corp., is a real estate investment trust (or REIT that was formed to acquire, hold and manage real estate mortgage assets,
 including residential mortgage loans and mortgage backed securities. The income earned on these assets, net of expenses, is distributed in the form of dividends. Under current New York State tax law, 60 of the dividends received by the Bank
 from Trustco Realty Corp. are excluded from total taxable income for New York State income tax purposes. The Bank accounted for substantially all of TrustCo s 2022 consolidated net income and average
 assets. The Bank s other active subsidiaries, Trustco Insurance Agency, Inc. and ORE Property, Inc., did not engage in any significant business activities during 2022 and 2021.

Trustco Financial Services, the name under which Trustco Bank s trust department operates, serves as executor of estates and trustee of personal trusts,
 provides asset and wealth management services, provides estate planning and related advice, provides custodial services, and acts as trustee for various types of employee benefit plans and corporate pension and profit sharing trusts. The
 aggregate market value of the assets under trust, custody, or management of the trust department of the Bank was approximately 918 million as of December 31, 2022.

The daily operations of the Bank remain the responsibility of its officers, subject to the oversight of its Board of Directors and overall supervision by TrustCo. The activities of the Bank are
 included in TrustCo s consolidated financial statements.

ORE Subsidiary Corp.

In 1993, TrustCo created ORE Subsidiary Corp., a New York corporation, to hold and manage certain foreclosed properties acquired by the Bank. The accounts of this subsidiary are included in
 TrustCo s consolidated financial statements.

Competition 

TrustCo faces strong competition in its market areas, both in attracting deposits and making loans. The Company s most direct competition for deposits, historically, has come from commercial banks,
 savings associations, and credit unions that are located or have branches in the Bank s market areas. The competition ranges from other locally based commercial banks, savings banks, and credit unions to
 branch offices of the largest financial institutions in the United States. In its principal market areas, the Capital District area of New York State and central Florida, TrustCo s principal competitors
 are local branch operations of super-regional banks, branch offices of money center banks, and locally based commercial banks and savings institutions. The Bank is the largest depository institution headquartered in the Capital District area of
 New York State. The Company also faces competition for deposits from national brokerage houses, short-term money market funds, and other corporate and government securities mutual funds.

Factors affecting the acquisition of deposits include pricing, office locations and hours of operation, the variety of deposit accounts offered, and the quality of customer service provided. Competition for loans has increased as interest
 rates have increased and housing inventory has tightened in many of the Bank s market areas. Commercial banks, savings institutions, traditional mortgage brokers affiliated with local offices, and nationally franchised real estate brokers are all
 active and aggressive competitors. The Company competes in this environment by providing a full range of financial services based on a tradition of financial strength and integrity dating from its inception. The Company also expects competition
 to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Technological advances, for example, have lowered barriers to entry, allowed
 banks and other financial services companies to expand their geographic reach by providing services over the internet, and made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally have been provided by
 banks. The Company competes for loans principally through the interest rates and loan fees it charges and the efficiency and quality of services it provides to borrowers.

4 

Index 

Supervision and Regulation 

Banking is a highly regulated industry, with numerous federal and state laws and regulations governing the organization and operation of banks and their affiliates. As a savings and loan holding
 company, TrustCo and its non-bank subsidiaries are supervised and regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve Board ). The
 OCC is the Bank s primary federal regulator and supervises and examines the Bank. Under the Home Owners Loan Act of 1934 and OCC regulations, Trustco Bank must
 obtain prior OCC approval for acquisitions, and its business operations and activities are restricted. Because the FDIC provides deposit insurance to the Bank, the Bank is also subject to its supervision and regulation even though the FDIC is not
 the Bank s primary federal regulator.

The following summary of laws and regulations applicable to the Company or the Bank is not intended to be a complete description of those laws and regulations or their effects on the Company and
 the Bank, and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions described. Changes in applicable law or regulation, and in their interpretation and application
 by regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities, cannot be predicted, but may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Key Legislation

Certain Regulatory Developments Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic

Congress took significant action to address the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including by passing the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, a 2.2 trillion economic stimulus bill, and the Economic Aid Act. There
 have also been a number of regulatory actions intended to help mitigate the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on borrowers, including several mandates from the bank regulatory agencies requiring financial institutions to work
 constructively with borrowers affected by the pandemic. Many of these actions were temporary and have expired; however, certain aspects of the regulatory framework that were modified as a result of the pandemic remain in effect. For example, in
 response to the pandemic, the Federal Reserve implemented an interim final rule allowing banks to suspend enforcement of the six-transfer limit on convenient transfers from savings deposits under Regulation D in order to permit customers to make
 an unlimited number of convenient transfers and withdrawals amid pandemic-related financial disruptions and uncertainty. This amendment since has been adopted on a permanent basis.

Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act

In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the "Regulatory Relief Act"), was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations. The Regulatory Relief Act
 amends certain aspects of the regulatory framework for small depository institutions with assets of less than 10 billion and for large banks with assets of more than 50 billion. Many of these changes resulted in meaningful regulatory changes
 for community banks such as the Bank, and their holding companies.

The Regulatory Relief Act also expanded the definition of qualified mortgages that may be held by a financial institution and simplifies the regulatory capital rules for financial institutions and their holding
 companies with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion by instructing the federal banking regulators to establish a single "Community Bank Leverage Ratio" of 9 percent. Any qualifying depository institution or its holding company that
 exceeds the "community bank leverage ratio" will be considered to have met generally applicable leverage and risk-based regulatory capital requirements and any qualifying depository institution that exceeds the ratio will be considered to be
 "well capitalized" under the prompt corrective action rules. In addition, the Regulatory Relief Act included regulatory relief for community banks regarding regulatory examination cycles, call reports, the Volcker Rule (proprietary trading
 prohibitions), mortgage disclosures and risk weights for certain high-risk commercial real estate loans. The new rule was effective as of January 1, 2020. Although TrustCo would qualify to take advantage of the community bank leverage ratio
 framework, it has decided it would not opt-in to the framework.

5 

Index 

Dividends

Most of TrustCo s revenues consist of cash dividends paid to TrustCo by the Bank, payment of which is subject to various regulatory limitations,
 including continued compliance with minimum regulatory capital requirements, and the receipt of regulatory approval (or non-objection) from the Bank s and the Company s
 regulators.

OCC regulations impose limitations upon all capital distributions by the Bank, including cash dividends. Under the regulations, an application to and the approval of the OCC is required prior to
 any capital distribution if the institution does not meet the criteria for expedited treatment of applications under OCC regulations (generally, examination
 ratings in the two top categories), the total capital distributions for the calendar year exceed net income for that year plus the amount of retained net income for the preceding two years, the institution would be undercapitalized following the
 distribution, or the distribution would otherwise be contrary to a statute, regulation, or agreement with the OCC. If an application is not required, the institution must still provide prior notice of the capital distribution to the OCC and the
 Federal Reserve Board if, like the Bank, the institution is a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company. The OCC may disapprove a dividend if the institution would be undercapitalized following the distribution, the proposed capital
 distribution raises safety and soundness concerns, or the capital distribution would violate a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation, or agreement between the bank and a regulator or a condition imposed in a previously approved
 application or notice.

As noted above, a savings institution, such as the Bank, that is a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company and that proposes to make a capital distribution must also submit written
 notice to the Federal Reserve Board prior to such distribution, and Federal Reserve Board may object to the distribution based on safety and soundness or other concerns. The Federal Reserve Board may deny a dividend notice if following the
 dividend, the savings association will be less than adequately capitalized, the proposed dividend raises safety and soundness concerns, or the proposed dividend violates a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation, enforcement action, or
 agreement between the association or holding company and an appropriate federal banking agency, a condition imposed on the association or holding company in an application or notice approved by an appropriate federal banking agency, or any formal
 or informal enforcement action involving the association or holding company.

Compliance with regulatory standards regarding capital distributions could also limit the amount of dividends that TrustCo may pay to its shareholders.

See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements contained in TrustCo s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 for
 information concerning the Bank s regulatory capital requirements.

Regulatory Capital Requirements and Prompt Corrective Action.

Regulatory Capital Rules . The Company and the Bank are subject to regulatory capital requirements contained
 in rules published by the Federal Reserve Board, OCC, and FDIC that establish a comprehensive capital framework for all U.S. banking organizations, including the Company and the Bank.

The capital rules, among other things, provide a Common Equity Tier 1 CET1 capital measure, Tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets ratios and a Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets (or leverage ratio. CET1 capital is generally defined as common stock
 instruments that meet eligibility criteria in the final capital rule (principally, instruments representing the most subordinated claim upon liquidation, having no maturity date and being redeemable via discretionary purchases only with
 regulatory approval, not being subject to any expectations that the stock will be repurchased, redeemed, or cancelled, and not being secured by the banking organization or any related entity), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive
 income, and common equity Tier 1 minority interests, subject to certain limitations. Tier 1 capital for the Company and the Bank consists of CET1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital, which generally includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital and
 Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities,
 intermediate preferred stock, and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election
 regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily
 determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities). The Company has made this
 opt-out election. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations.

6 

Index 

Under the capital rules, the minimum capital ratios are:

4.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets;

6.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets;

8.0 Total capital to risk-weighted assets; and

4.0 Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (the leverage ratio ).

At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a Tier 1 leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to total average consolidated assets) of 10.12 , CET1 capital ratio (CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets) of a 18.43 , Tier 1 capital ratio (Tier 1 capital to
 risk-weighted assets) of 18.43 , and a total capital ratio (total capital to risk-weighted assets) of 19.68 . Also at December 31, 2022, the Company had a Tier 1 leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to total average consolidated assets) of 10.39 ,
 CET1 capital ratio (CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets) of 18.93 , a Tier 1 capital ratio (Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets) of 18.93 and a total capital ratio (total capital to risk-weighted assets) of 20.18 .

In order to avoid constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and certain compensation, the capital rules require the Company s and the Bank s capital to exceed the regulatory standards plus a capital conservation buffer. To meet the requirement, the organization must maintain an amount of CET1 capital that exceeds the buffer level of 2.5 above
 each of the minimum risk-weighted asset ratios, (i) CET1 to risk-weighted assets of more than 7.0 , (ii) Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of more than 8.5 , and (iii) total capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) to risk-weighted assets of more than
 10.5 .

The OCC has the ability to establish an individual minimum capital requirement for a particular institution, which would vary from the capital levels that would otherwise be required under the capital regulations,
 based on such factors as concentrations of credit risk, levels of interest rate risk, and the risks of non-traditional activities, as well as others. The OCC has not imposed any such requirement on the Bank.

The capital rules contain standards for the calculation of risk-weighted assets. The exposure amount for on-balance sheet assets is generally the carrying value of the exposure as determined
 under GAAP. A bank may assign a 50 risk weight to a first-lien residential mortgage exposure that:

is secured by property that is owner-occupied or rented,

is made in accordance with prudent underwriting standards, including loan-to-value ratios,

is not 90 days or more past due or in nonaccrual status, and

is not restructured or modified.

Other first-lien residential exposures, as well as junior-lien exposures if the bank does not hold the first lien, are assigned a 100 risk weight.

If a banking organization has elected to opt out of the AOCI provisions discussed above, the exposure amount for available for sale or held-to-maturity debt securities is the carrying value
 (including accrued but unpaid interest and fees) of the exposure, less any net unrealized gains plus any unrealized losses. Exposures to debt directly and unconditionally guaranteed by the U.S. federal government and its agencies receive a 0 
 risk weight. Exposures conditionally guaranteed by the federal government, Federal Reserve Board, or a federal government agency would receive a 20 risk weight. Further, the capital rules assign a 20 risk weight to non-equity exposures to
 government-sponsored entities GSEs and a 100 risk weight to preferred stock issued by a GSE. A GSE is defined as an entity established or chartered by the
 federal government to serve public purposes but whose debt obligations are not explicitly guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the federal government.
 Banking organizations must assign a 20 risk weight to general obligations of a public sector entity (for example, a state, local authority or other governmental subdivision below the sovereign level) that is organized under U.S. law and a 50 
 risk weight for a revenue obligation of such an entity.

7 

Index 

In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms. Among other things, these
 standards revise the Basel Committee s standardized approach for credit risk (including recalibrating risk weights and introducing new capital requirements for certain unconditionally cancellable commitments, such as unused credit card and home
 equity lines of credit) and provide a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. Under the Basel framework, these standards will generally be effective on January 1, 2023, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1,
 2028.

Prompt Corrective Action . Federal banking regulations also establish a prompt

corrective action capital framework for the classification of insured depository institutions, such as Trustco Bank, into five categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized,
 significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. Under the prompt corrective action rules currently in effect, an institution is deemed to be (a) well-capitalized if it has total risk-based capital of 10.0 or more, has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, has a CET1 risk based capital ratio of 6.5 or more, and has leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or more and is not
 subject to any order or final capital directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure; (b) adequately capitalized if it has a
 total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or more, a CET1 risk based capital ratio of 4.5 or more and has a leverage capital ratio of 4.0 or more (3.0 under certain circumstances) and does not
 meet the definition of well-capitalized; (c) undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital
 ratio that is less than 6.0 , a CET1 capital ratio less than 4.5 or a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio that is less than 4.0 ; (d) significantly undercapitalized 
 if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4.0 , a CET1 capital ratio less than 3 or a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio that is less than 3.0 ; and (e) critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . The federal banking agencies are required to take certain
 supervisory actions (and may take additional discretionary actions) with respect to an undercapitalized institution or its holding company. Such actions could have a direct material effect on an institution s
 or its holding company s financial condition and activities. In certain situations, a federal banking agency may reclassify a well-capitalized institution as adequately capitalized and may require an
 adequately capitalized or undercapitalized institution to comply with supervisory actions as if the institution were in the next lower category.

A depository institution is generally prohibited from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if the
 depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions also are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan to the regulatory agencies. The agencies may not accept such a
 plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s capital. In addition, for a capital
 restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with such capital restoration plan. The aggregate liability of the
 parent holding company is limited to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5.0 of the depository institution s total assets at the time it became undercapitalized and (ii) the amount which is necessary
 (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an
 acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. 

Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and
 restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt
 of deposits from correspondent banks. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, each of TrustCo and Trustco Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject under the OCC and Federal Reserve Board regulations. As of December
 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the OCC categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action.

8 

Index 

Holding Company Activities

The activities of savings and loan holding companies are governed, and limited, by the Home Owners Loan Act and the Federal Reserve Board s regulations. In general, TrustCo s activities are limited to those permissible for multiple savings and loan holding companies (that is, savings and loan holding companies owning more than one savings association subsidiary) as of March 5, 1987, activities permitted for bank holding companies as of November 12, 1999,
 and activities permissible for financial holding companies (which are described below). Activities permitted to multiple savings and loan holding companies
 include certain real estate investment activities, and other activities permitted to bank holding companies under the Bank Holding Company Act. Activities permissible for a financial holding company are those considered financial in nature
 (including securities and insurance activities) or those incidental or complementary to financial activities.

A savings and loan holding company is prohibited from, directly or indirectly, acquiring more than 5 of the voting stock of another financial institution or savings and loan holding company
 without the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings institutions, the Federal Reserve Board considers the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of
 the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on the risk to the deposit insurance fund, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors.

The financial impact of a holding company on its subsidiary institution is a matter that is evaluated by the Federal Reserve Board, and the Federal Reserve Board has authority to order cessation
 of activities or divestiture of subsidiaries deemed to pose a threat to the safety and soundness of the institution. The Federal Reserve s long-standing source
 of strength doctrine requires that bank or thrift holding companies serve as a source of financial strength for their depository institution subsidiaries. The phrase source

of financial strength is defined as the ability of a company that directly or indirectly owns or controls an insured depository institution to provide
 financial assistance to such insured depository institution in the event of the financial distress of the insured depository institution. The federal banking agencies are authorized to adopt regulations
 with respect to this requirement.

Securities Regulation and Corporate Governance

The Company s common stock is registered with the SEC under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company is subject to restrictions, reporting
 requirements and review procedures under federal securities laws and regulations. The Company is also subject to the rules and reporting requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, on which its common stock is traded.

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions, such as community banks,
 thrifts, and small bank and thrift holding companies, and the financial services industry. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act abolished the Office of Thrift Supervision and transferred its functions to the other federal banking agencies,
 relaxed rules regarding interstate branching, allowed financial institutions to pay interest on business checking accounts, and imposed new capital requirements on bank and thrift holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act has affected our business in
 substantial ways, including by causing us to incur higher operating costs to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act. Certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have yet to be fully implemented and may be impacted by future legislation, rulemaking or
 executive orders. Our management continues to monitor the ongoing implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and as new regulations are issued, will assess their effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to
 protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. The Company has policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and it reviews and documents such
 policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations.

Although the Company has and will continue to incur additional expense in complying with the corporate governance provisions of federal law and the resulting regulations, management does not
 expect that such compliance will have a material impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.

9 

Index 

Federal Savings Institution Regulation

Business Activities . Federal law and regulations govern the activities of federal savings banks such as the
 Bank. These laws and regulations delineate the nature and extent of the activities in which federal savings banks may engage. In particular, certain lending authority for federal savings banks, e.g. , commercial, non-residential real property loans and consumer loans, is limited to a specified percentage of the institution s capital or assets.

Insurance of Deposit Accounts . Deposits of Trustco Bank are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the FDIC, and the Bank is subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. The FDIC determines insurance premiums based on a number of factors,
 primarily the risk of loss that insured institutions pose to the DIF. Deposit insurance assessments are based on average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. Under the FDIC s
 risk-based assessment system, insured institutions with less than 10 billion in assets, such as the Bank, are assigned to one of three categories based on their composite examination ratings, with higher-rated, less risky institutions paying
 lower assessments. A range of initial base assessment rates applies to each category, adjusted downward based on unsecured debt issued by the institution to produce total base assessment rates. Total base assessment rates currently range from 2.5
 to 18 basis points for banks in the least risky category to 13 to 32 basis points for banks in the most risky category, all subject to further adjustment upward if the institution holds more than a limited amount of unsecured debt issued by
 another FDIC-insured institution.

The FDIC has the authority to raise or lower assessment rates, subject to limits, and to impose special additional assessments. The Dodd-Frank Act set the minimum reserve ratio to not less than 1.35 of estimated insured deposits or the
 comparable percentage of the FDIC s assessment base. The act also required the FDIC to take the steps necessary to attain the 1.35 percent ratio by September 30, 2020, subject to an offsetting requirement
 for certain institutions. As of September 30, 2020, the FDIC had announced that the ratio declined to 1.30 due largely to consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and adopted a plan to restore the fund to the 1.35 ratio (the Restoration Plan within eight years but did not change its assessment rate schedule. The Restoration Plan requires the FDIC to update its analysis and projections for the fund balance and reserve ratio at least semiannually and, if necessary, recommend any
 modifications, such as increasing assessment rates. In the semiannual update for the Restoration Plan in June 2022, the FDIC projected that the reserve ratio was at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum of 1.35 percent by September 30, 2028,
 the statutory deadline to restore the reserve ratio. Based on this update, the FDIC Board approved an amended Restoration Plan, and concurrently proposed an increase in initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis
 points, applicable to all insured depository institutions. In October 2022, the FDIC Board finalized the increase with an effective date of January, 1, 2023, applicable to the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 (i.e., January 1 through
 March 31, 2023).

FDIC deposit insurance expense totaled 1.8 million in both 2022 and 2021, and 1.0 million , in 2020. FDIC deposit insurance expense includes deposit
 insurance assessments and, until 2019, Financing Corporation FICO assessments related to outstanding bonds issued by FICO in the late 1980s to recapitalize
 the now defunct Federal Savings Loan Insurance Corporation. The final FICO assessment was collected in 2019.

Future changes in insurance premiums could have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of Trustco Bank, and the Bank cannot predict what insurance assessment rates
 will be in the future.

Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or
 has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or the OCC. The Bank does not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of its deposit insurance.

Other Regulation

Assessments . The Bank is required to pay assessments to the OCC to fund the agency s operations. The general assessments, paid on a semi-annual basis, is computed upon the Bank s total assets, including consolidated subsidiaries, as reported in the Bank s latest quarterly financial report. The OCC s assessment schedule includes a surcharge for institutions that require increased supervisory resources. The
 assessments paid by the Bank for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 845 thousand.

10 

Index 

Community Reinvestment Act . The Community Reinvestment Act CRA requires each savings institution, as well as commercial banks and certain other lenders, to identify the communities served by the institution s offices and to
 identify the types of credit the institution is prepared to extend within those communities. The CRA also requires the OCC to assess an institution s performance in meeting the credit needs of its
 identified communities as part of its examination of the institution, and to take such assessments into consideration in reviewing applications with respect to branches, mergers and other business combinations, including acquisitions by savings
 and loan holding companies. An unsatisfactory CRA rating may be the basis for denying such an application and community groups have successfully protested applications on CRA grounds. In connection with its assessment of CRA performance, the OCC
 assigns CRA ratings of outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve or substantial noncompliance. The Bank was rated satisfactory in its last CRA examination. Institutions are evaluated based on (i) its record of helping to meet the credit needs of its assessment area through lending
 activities; (ii) its qualified investments; and (iii) the availability and effectiveness of the institution s system for delivering retail banking services. An institution that is found to be deficient in
 its performance in meeting its community s credit needs may be subject to enforcement actions, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalties. In December 2021, the OCC issued a final rule
 rescinding its June 2020 Community Reinvestment Act Rule and replacing it with the rules that were jointly adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies. This action is intended to facilitate the ongoing interagency work to modernize the CRA
 regulatory framework and promote consistency for all insured depository institutions. The final rule became effective on January 1, 2022. On May 5, 2022, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC released a notice of proposed rulemaking to
 strengthen and modernize the CRA regulations and the related regulatory framework.

Qualified Thrift Lender Test . As a savings institution regulated by the OCC, the Bank must be a qualified thrift lender under either the Qualified Thrift Lender QTL test
 under the Home Owners Loan Act or the Internal Revenue Code s Domestic Building and Loan Association DBLA test to avoid certain restrictions on its and the Company s operations and activities. A savings institution may use either test to qualify and may switch from one
 test to the other; however, the institution must meet the time requirements of the respective test, that is, nine out of the preceding 12 months for the QTL test and at the close of the taxable year for the DBLA test.

Under the QTL test, the savings institution must hold qualified thrift investments equal to at least 65 of the institution s portfolio assets. The
 savings institution s actual thrift investment percentage is the ratio of its qualified thrift investments divided by its portfolio assets. Portfolio assets are total assets minus goodwill and other
 intangible assets, office property, and liquid assets not exceeding 20 of total assets. An institution ceases to meet the QTL test when its actual thrift investment percentage falls below 65 of portfolio assets for four months within any
 12-month period. To be a qualified thrift lender under the DBLA test, a savings association must meet a business operations test and a 60 of assets test. The business operations test requires the business of a DBLA to consist primarily of acquiring the savings of the public and investing in loans. An
 institution meets the public savings requirement when it meets one of two conditions: (i) the institution acquires its savings accounts in conformity with OCC rules and regulations and (ii) the general public holds more than 75 of its deposits,
 withdrawable shares, and other obligations. An institution meets the investing in loans requirement when more than 75 of its gross income consists of interest on loans and government obligations, and various other specified types of operating
 income that financial institutions ordinarily earn. The 60 of assets test requires that at least 60 of a DBLA s assets must consist of assets that thrifts normally hold, except for consumer loans that
 are not educational loans.

These are significant consequences for failing the QTL Test, including activities limitations and branching restrictions. In addition, an institution that fails the QTL test would be prohibited
 from paying dividends, except under circumstances that are permissible for a national bank, that are necessary to meet the obligations of the institution s holding company, and that are specifically
 approved by both the OCC and Federal Reserve Bank after a written request submitted by the thrift at least 30 days in advance of the proposed payment. Finally, failure of the QTL Test will subject the institution to enforcement action. If the
 Bank fails the qualified thrift lender test, within one year of such failure the Company must register as, and will become subject to, the activities restrictions applicable to bank holding companies, unless the Bank requalifies within the year.
 The activities authorized for a bank holding company are generally more limited than are the activities authorized for a savings and loan holding company. If the Bank fails the test a second time, the Company must immediately register as, and
 become subject to, the restrictions applicable to a bank holding company. The Bank is currently, and expects to remain, in compliance with the qualified thrift lender test.

11 

Index 

Transactions with Affiliates and Other Related Parties . The Bank s
 transactions with affiliates (generally, any company that controls or is under common control with the Bank, including TrustCo) is limited by Sections 23A and
 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s implementing Regulation W. Under these laws, the aggregate amount of covered transactions between the Bank and any one affiliate is limited to 10 of the Bank s capital stock and surplus, and the aggregate amount of covered transactions by the Bank with
 all of its affiliates is limited to 20 of capital stock and surplus. Certain covered transactions (primarily credit-related transactions) are required to be secured by collateral in an amount and of a type described in Section 23A and Regulation
 W. Transactions by the Bank with its affiliates must be on terms and under circumstances that are at least as favorable to the Bank as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliates. In addition, savings institutions
 are prohibited from lending to any affiliate that is engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies, and no savings institution may purchase the securities of any affiliate other than a subsidiary.

The definition of covered transactions as used in Section 23A includes credit exposure on derivatives
 transactions and securities lending and borrowing transactions, as well as the acceptance of affiliate-issued debt obligations as collateral for a loan or an extension of credit.

The Bank also is restricted in its ability to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons. Extensions of credit to
 those insiders must be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons; may not involve more than
 the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features and may not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate. In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain
 limits must be approved by the Bank s board of directors.

Certain non-credit transactions between an insured depository institution and its insiders, such as asset purchase and sales, are prohibited unless the transaction is on market terms and, if the
 transaction represents more than 10 of the capital stock and surplus of the institution, has been approved in advance by a majority of the disinterested members of the board of directors of the institution.

Safety and Soundness Regulations . The federal
 banking agencies (including the OCC) have adopted certain safety and soundness standards for all insured depository institutions. These standards relate to, among other things, internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems;
 loan documentation; credit underwriting; interest rate risk exposure; asset growth; asset quality; earnings and compensation, fees, and benefits, as well as other operational and managerial standards as the agency deems appropriate. Interagency
 Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If
 the appropriate federal banking agency (the OCC in the case of the Bank) determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to
 achieve compliance with the standard. The Bank is subject to periodic examinations by the OCC regarding these and related matters. During these examinations, the examiners may require the Bank to increase its allowance for loan losses, change
 the classification of loans, and/or recognize additional charge-offs based on their judgments, which can impact our capital and earnings.

Enforcement . The Federal Reserve Board and the OCC have extensive enforcement authority over savings
 institutions and their holding companies, including the Bank and TrustCo. This includes enforcement authority with respect to the actions of the Bank s and TrustCo s
 directors, officers and other institution-affiliated parties, including attorneys and auditors. This enforcement authority also includes, among other things,
 the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and initiate injunctive actions. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices.
 Public disclosure of final enforcement actions by the OCC and the Federal Reserve is required.

12 

Index 

Institutions in Troubled Condition . Certain events, including entering into a formal written agreement with a bank s regulator or being informed by the regulator that the bank is in troubled condition, will require that a bank give prior notice to their primary regulator before adding or replacing any member of the board of directors, employing
 any person as a senior executive officer, or changing the responsibilities of any senior executive officer so that the person would assume a different senior executive position. Troubled condition banks are prohibited from making, or agreeing to
 make, certain golden parachute payments to institution-affiliated parties, subject to certain exceptions.

Consumer Laws and Regulations . In addition to the other laws and regulations discussed above, the Bank is
 subject to consumer laws and regulations designed to protect consumers in transactions with financial institutions. These laws and regulations include, among others, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds
 Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure
 requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits from, making loans to, or engaging in other types of transactions with, such customers.

The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB has adopted rules related to mortgage loan origination and mortgage loan servicing. In particular, the CFPB has issued a rule
 implementing the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage QM provisions of the Truth in Lending Act, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act (the QM Rule ). The ability-to-repay provision requires creditors to make reasonable, good faith determinations that borrowers are able to repay their mortgages before extending the
 credit based on a number of factors and consideration of financial information about the borrower from reasonably reliable third-party documents. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and the QM Rule, loans meeting the definition of qualified mortgage are entitled to a presumption that the lender satisfied the ability-to-repay requirements. The presumption is a conclusive presumption/safe harbor for prime
 loans meeting the QM requirements, and a rebuttable presumption for higher-priced/subprime loans meeting the QM requirements.

Volcker Rule. The Dodd-Frank Act required the federal financial regulatory agencies to adopt rules that prohibit certain banks
 and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in certain covered funds. The statutory provision is commonly called the Volcker Rule, and is not applicable to depository institutions and their holding companies whose
 total assets do not exceed 10 billion. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total assets on a consolidated basis did not exceed 10 billion.

Office of Foreign
 Assets and Control Regulation . The U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, administers and enforces economic and
 trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. The Company is
 responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure
 to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to
 prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. 

Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Mon ey Laundering and Customer Identification . The Bank is subject to the Bank Secrecy
 Act BSA and other anti-money laundering provisions and requirements, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and regulations thereunder, which generally require that it implement a comprehensive customer identification program and an anti-money
 laundering program and procedures. All financial institutions, including the Company and the Bank, are required to take certain measures to identify their customers, prevent money laundering, monitor certain customer transactions and report
 suspicious activity to U.S. law enforcement agencies, and scrutinize or prohibit altogether certain transactions of special concern. Financial institutions are also required to respond to requests for information from federal banking regulatory
 agencies and law enforcement agencies concerning their customers and their transactions. Further, the effectiveness of a financial institution in combating money-laundering activities is a factor to be considered in applications submitted by a
 financial institution for merger or acquisition proposals. The Company has in place a Bank Secrecy Act compliance program, and it engages in very few transactions of any kind with foreign financial institutions or foreign persons. The Anti-Money
 Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA ), which amends the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things,
 it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands
 enforcement-and-investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in substantial
 civil and criminal sanctions.

Consumer Privacy and Cybersecurity. Federal regulations generally require that the Company disclose its
 privacy policy and practices concerning its sharing of non-public personal information, to individual customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, the Company is required to provide its
 customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties in certain circumstances.

13 

Index 

State privacy laws currently in effect and laws taking effect in the near future impact how companies can process other categories of personal information. These laws require substantial
 disclosures to consumers about personal information collection, use and sharing practices, while also allowing consumers the right to access, delete, correct, or move their data.

In addition, federal banking agencies, through the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, have adopted guidelines to encourage financial institutions to address cybersecurity risks
 and identify, assess and mitigate these risks, both internally and at critical third party service providers. For example, federal banking regulators have highlighted that financial institutions should establish several lines of defense and
 design their risk management processes to address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials. Further, financial institutions are expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes designed to facilitate a recovery,
 resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack.

In November 2021, the federal banking agencies adopted new rules requiring banking organizations to notify their primary regulator within 36 hours of becoming aware of a computer-security incident that rises to
 the level of a notification incident. The new rules also require bank service providers to notify their banking organization customers when it becomes aware of similar incidents. Compliance with the new rules was required by May 1, 2022.

Identity Theft Protection . The Fair Credit Reporting Act s Red Flags Rule requires financial institutions with covered accounts (e.g., consumer
 bank accounts and loans) to develop, implement and administer an identity theft prevention program. This program must include reasonable policies and procedures to detect suspicious patterns or practices that indicate the possibility of
 identity theft, such as inconsistencies in personal information or changes in account activity.

Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. The Bank is a member of Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of New York, which is one of 11 regional FHLBs that serve as reserve or central banks for their members. The FHLBs are funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale
 of consolidated obligations of the FHLB system and makes loans or advances to members. The FHLBs also provide access to a line of credit and letters of credit in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of
 FHLB. The loans, lines of credit and letters of credit are subject to the oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had no FHLB advances an available line of credit
 with the FHLB which approximates the balance of securities and/or loans pledged against such borrowings. The Bank is also required to purchase and maintain stock in the FHLB of New York at or above levels specified in the FHLB of New York capital
 plan. As of December 31, 2021, the Bank owned 5.6 million in FHLB of New York stock, which was in compliance with its obligations. The Bank is also required to purchase and maintain stock in the FHLB of
 New York at or above levels specified in the FHLB of New York capital plan. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank owned 5.8 million in FHLB of New York stock, which was in compliance with its obligations.

Mergers and Acquisitions . The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, the Bank Merger Act, the Change in Bank Control Act and other
 federal and state statutes regulate acquisitions of interests in commercial banks. The BHC Act requires the prior approval of the FRB for the direct or indirect acquisition by a bank holding company of more than 5.0 of the voting shares of a
 commercial bank or its parent holding company and for a person, other than a bank holding company, to acquire 25 or more of any class of voting securities of a bank or bank holding company. Under the Bank Merger Act, the prior approval of the
 appropriate bank regulatory agencies is required for a member bank to merge with another bank or purchase the assets or assume the deposits of another bank. In reviewing applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition transactions, the
 bank regulatory authorities will consider, among other things, the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the capital position of the combined organization, the risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system,
 the applicant s performance record under the CRA and fair housing laws and the effectiveness of the subject organizations in combating money laundering activities.

Compensation Practices . Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the FRB and the OCC. Applicable regulatory
 guidance on incentive compensation seek to ensure that the incentive compensation practices of banking organizations do not encourage excessive risk-taking and undermine the safety and soundness of those organizations. The guidance provides that
 supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be incorporated, as appropriate, into the organization s supervisory ratings. To be consistent with safety and soundness, incentive compensation arrangements at a banking
 organization should comply with the following principles:

14 

Index 

Provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward;

Be compatible with effective controls and risk management; and

Be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors.

The board maintains a Compensation Committee made up of independent directors which exercises full oversight over the Company s executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee annually
 reviews a comprehensive risk assessment which addresses all aspects of the program and the controls that exist to mitigate any associated risk. Detailed disclosure of our compensation practices are set forth in the annual Proxy Statement.

The U.S. financial regulators, including the FRB, the OCC, and the SEC, jointly proposed regulations in 2011 and again in 2016 to implement the incentive compensation
 requirements of Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act. These regulations have not been finalized.

Climate-Related Risk Management and Regulation . Climate

change may be associated with rising sea levels as well as extreme weather conditions such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, drought and snow or ice storms. Extreme weather conditions may increase our costs or cause damage to
 our facilities, and any damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured. Many of our facilities are located near coastal areas or waterways where rising sea levels or flooding could disrupt our operations or adversely impact our
 facilities. Furthermore, periods of extended inclement weather or associated flooding may inhibit construction activity adversely affecting the use of some of our lending products. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our
 costs or results of operations. These same issues also could impact the value of mortgage collateral and the security for residential and commercial loans.

As a mortgage lender, Trustco Bank has identified credit, market, liquidity, and operational factors as climate-related risks. Adverse climate factors could impact the ability of loan customers to timely repay
 their loans. Adverse climate impacts also could adversely impact the stock and bond markets which could adversely affect TrustCo s non-interest income earning potential. Severe physical impacts from climate change, such as rising sea levels,
 could reduce the value of residential and/or commercial portfolio. These two factors, given sufficiently severe impacts, could affect liquidity.

Additionally, severe weather and other climate events could impact hiring and retention of employees, facilities management, retail services, and technology infrastructure, thus creating
 operational risk.

Other Governmental Initiatives . From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress, as well as by
 regulatory authorities. These initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions, proposals to change the financial institution regulatory environment, or proposals that
 affect public companies generally. Such legislation could change banking laws and the operating environment of the Company in substantial, but unpredictable ways. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if
 enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations would have on its financial condition or results of operations.

Human Capital Resources 

Our Human Capital Strategic Plan guides us on our journey to foster a multicultural, collaborative, and inclusive work environment that promotes the exchange of different ideas, philosophies and perspectives, which continues to be a top
 priority at TrustCo and Trustco Bank.

Headcount

As of December 31, 2022, we had 818 employees (which collectively amount to 754 full-time equivalents), all based in the United States, with 557 employees (68 at bank branches, 243 (30 located in corporate offices and 18 (2 in call
 centers.

15 

Index 

Hiring Promotion Practices

At TrustCo and Trustco Bank we are continuously educating our hiring managers about recruitment and selection processes, and we strive to build our workforce from within when possible. All employees are eligible to apply for open department
 and branch positions following their introductory period, and during 2022, 140 (roughly 17 of our employees were promoted within the Bank. If the best candidate for an available position is not identified from within our existing talent pool,
 we will look externally for the best talent, and our recruitment strategy focuses on searching for candidates directly through our participation in job fairs and social media advertising, and through our professional networks and other
 associations that represent diverse groups. Additionally, we have an active recruitment incentive program which awards existing employees for referring new employees to the Bank, which in turn helps us diversify our workforce.

Talent Development

We believe in investing for the future which includes the future of our workforce, and we actively encourage and support the growth of our employees throughout their educational and career development, ensuring employees are given
 opportunities to develop and refine their skills to be successful within the Bank s competitive environment. We aim to accomplish this through a multitude of training and development programs, which include opportunities to engage in
 interdepartmental experiential learning, voluntary training seminars, ongoing training through our Cornerstone platform, tuition reimbursement program, BSA-AML certificate program with SUNY Schenectady County Community College and certification
 reimbursement for certain levels of employment. Currently, we have 42 (5.1 employees that hold professional certificates and/or licenses. Additionally, our employees participated in over 20,000 hours of training, which included a recently
 expanded Leadership Program.

During 2022, Trustco Bank continued its Leadership Program for our management level staff members. The Trustco Leadership Program is an experiential learning opportunity for high-performing employees. It is designed to help managers gain more
 self-awareness, learn essential leadership skills, and build a collaborative peer network. The development program consists of 4 components: Assess, Learn, Coach, Apply. The goal is for managers to gain a greater understanding of themselves and
 the significant impact they have on the business.

Employee Feedback

Through our training and mentoring programs, we actively encourage employee feedback. Following each training session, employees complete evaluations designed to provide constructive feedback on their trainer s knowledge, the overall training
 structure, and the employee s confidence in their ability to be successful in their new role. We are also gathering data on an ongoing basis which focuses on the tenure of current staff. We ve consistently improved our average tenure over the
 past four years, with an average tenure of about 5 years currently. Furthermore, the Human Resources Department conducts stay and exit interviews, which capture feedback from high turnover positions. These interviews are used to improve
 processes and procedures and inform future policy.

Diversity and Inclusion

We recognize that everyone deserves respect and equal treatment, regardless of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), national origin, age (40 or older), disability or genetic information.
 TrustCo is committed to creating an inclusive environment that promotes diversity, equity and inclusion through training, recruiting and recognition practices to support our employees. Our Human Capital Strategic Plan focuses on identifying areas
 of opportunity to further diversify our workforce over time. As of December 2022, approximately 59 of our workforce identify as female and 41 identify as male. The workforce is 42 ethnically diverse, being made up of 15.04 Hispanic or Latino
 employees, 11.37 Asian employees, 11 Black or African American employees, 3.79 of employees from two or more races, 0.98 American Indian or Alaska Native employees, and 0.24 Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander employees. Additionally,
 8.68 of our workforce identifies as disabled. Furthermore, our inclusion efforts focus on age, where we seek to recruit younger candidates to create long-term career potential, while seeking to retain our experienced team members for the many
 benefits their presence yields.

16 

Index 

Employee Compensation and Benefits

Our human capital strategy objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and future employees. We strive to attract and retain the most talented employees by offering compensation and benefit
 structures that support their health, financial and emotional well-being, which includes competitive base salaries, annual bonuses, generous paid time off balances and Holiday Pay, an Employee Stock Purchase Club Program, life insurance, a 401(k)
 plan, the Trustco Bank Scholarship Program, a Tuition Reimbursement Program, a Student Loan Benefit Program, an Employee Assistance Program for mental and emotional support and various Company-organized wellness competitions.

Employee Recruitment and Retention

Hometown Pledge Program: This year we also started the Hometown Pledge Program, which allows newly hired Trustco Bank employees to direct a contribution to the community group of their choosing. Through this program, we have made 427
 donations to 80 charities. Participants report increased satisfaction with their decision to join Trustco Bank. Participant s also report feeling better about their employer as a good corporate citizen, which has positive impacts upon employee
 retention.

Payment of Equity Awards to More Employees: Since 2019, TrustCo has made equity awards deeper into the corporate organization to recognize and provide additional incentive compensation to individuals who consistently made an exceptional
 contribution to the bank by originating more mortgage loans and greater deposits. In 2020, that practice was expanded it to include Assistant Vice Presidents who play key roles in the day-to-day activities that are essential to the bank s
 overall success. These two actions have been highly successful. In a time when employee attrition is prevalent and presents significant challenges for companies throughout the country, Trustco Bank has retained 93 of the employees receiving
 officer equity awards.

Foreign Operations 

Neither TrustCo nor the Bank engage in any operations in foreign countries or have outstanding loans to foreign debtors.

Disclosure Pursuant to Subpart 1400 of Regulation S-K 

The financial disclosures related to the Company as required under Subpart 1400 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference from TrustCo s
 Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report to Shareholders ), which is attached as Exhibit 13 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. See the cross-references below to locate such disclosures in
 the Annual Report to Shareholders.

Disclosure 

Page Number in Annual 

 Report to Shareholders 

I. Distribution of assets, liabilities, and shareholders equity; interest rates and interest differential

A. Average balance sheets 

16

B. Interest income/expense and resulting yield or rate on average interest-earning assets and interest bearing liabilities 

16

C. Rate/volume variances 

17

II. Investments in debt securities

A. Maturity schedule and weighted average yield 

13

III. Loan Portfolio

A. Maturity schedule

10

IV. Allowance for Credit Losses

A. Credit ratios - Factors driving material changes in credit ratios or related components

19, 20, 21

B. Allocation of the allowance for credit losses

22

V. Deposits

A. Average balances and rates

17 

B. Uninsured and time deposits over 250,000

17

17 

Index 

This information should not be construed to imply any conclusion on the part of the management of TrustCo that the results, causes, or trends indicated therein will continue in the future. The
 nature and effects of governmental monetary policy, supervision and regulation, future legislation, inflation and other economic conditions and many other factors which affect interest rates, investments, loans, deposits, and other aspects of
 TrustCo s operations are extremely complex and could make historical operations, earnings, assets, and liabilities not indicative of what may occur in the future.

Availability of Reports 

TrustCo s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports can be obtained
 free of charge from its website, www.trustcobank.com under the Investor Relations tab. These reports are available on the website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports are also available on the SEC s
 website at http://www.sec.gov . Various other documents related to corporate operations, including the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the
 charters of its principal board committees, and the Company s Code of Conduct are available on the website. The information found on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference in this or any
 other report the Company files or furnishes to the SEC.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

The following are general risk factors affecting the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and
 adversely affect our business operations. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such cases, you may lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to Our Lending Activities 

Changes in interest rates, including recent and possible future increases fueled by inflation, may significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations

Like other financial institutions, we are subject to interest rate risk. Our primary source of income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on loans and investments, and interest paid on deposits and
 borrowings. The level of net interest income is primarily a function of the average balance of our interest-earning assets, the average balance of our interest-bearing liabilities, and the spread between the
 yield on such assets and the cost of such liabilities. These factors are influenced by both the pricing and mix of our interest-earning assets and our interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by such external factors as the
 local economy, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the Federal Open Market Committee of the FRB (the FOMC ), and market interest rates. 

Over any specific period of time, our interest-earning assets may be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-bearing liabilities, or vice-versa. In addition, the individual market interest rates underlying our loan
 and deposit products may not change to the same degree over a given time period. In any event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, earnings may be negatively affected. In March
 2022, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC increased the target range for the federal funds rate seven times in 2022 by a total of 425 basis points, to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 as of end of 2022. At its meeting on February 1, 2023, the
 FOMC increased the target range for the federal funds by an additional 25 basis points, to a range of 4.50 to 4.75 . All of these increases were expressly made in response to inflationary pressures, which are currently expected to continue.
 In its October 2022 Beige Book , the FRB noted that national economic activity had expanded at a modest pace on net since the previous report, while conditions varied across industries and districts. Rising mortgage rates and elevated housing
 prices further weakened single-family starts, while commercial real estate slowed in both construction and sales amid supply shortages and elevated construction and borrowing costs, and there were scattered reports of declining property prices.
 More locally, the New York district, the district in which the Company s primary operations are located, stated economic activity continued to contract at a modest pace and that conditions in the broad finance sector deteriorated, and regional
 banks reported widening loan spreads and weakening loan demand. 

18 

Index 

There can be no assurances as to any future FOMC conduct. If the FOMC further increases the targeted federal funds rates, overall interest rates likely will rise, which will positively impact our interest income but may
 further negatively impact the entire national economy, including the housing industry in the markets we serve, by reducing refinancing activity and new home purchases. In addition, deflationary pressures, while possibly lowering our operational
 costs, could have a significant negative effect on our borrowers and the values of collateral securing loans, which could negatively affect our financial performance. A significant portion of our loans have fixed interest rates (or, if
 adjustable, are initially fixed for periods of five to 10 years) and longer terms than our deposits and borrowings. Our net interest income could be adversely affected if the rates we pay on deposits and borrowings increase more rapidly than the
 rates we earn on loans.

We also are subject to reinvestment risk associated with changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect the average life of loans and mortgage-related securities. Increases in
 interest rates may decrease loan demand and/or may make it more difficult for borrowers to repay adjustable rate loans. Decreases in interest rates often result in increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities, as borrowers
 refinance their loans to reduce borrowing costs. Under these circumstances, we are subject to reinvestment risk to the extent that we are unable to reinvest the cash received from such prepayments in loans or other investments that have interest
 rates that are comparable to the interest rates on existing loans and securities. Conversely, increases in interest rates often result in slowed prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities, reducing cash flows and reinvestment
 opportunities.

Changes in interest rates also affect the value of the Bank s interest-earning assets, and in particular the Bank s
 securities portfolio. Generally, the value of fixed-rate securities fluctuates inversely with changes in interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale are reported as a separate component of equity, net of tax.
 Decreases in the fair value of securities available for sale resulting from increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on shareholders equity.

Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Inflation rose sharply at the end of 2021 and has continued rising in 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2022.
 Small to medium-sized businesses may be impacted more during periods of high inflation as they are not able to leverage economics of scale to mitigate cost pressures compared to larger businesses. Consequently, the ability of our business
 customers to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause wages
 and other costs to the Company to increase, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition

We are exposed to credit risk in our lending activities.

There are inherent risks associated with our lending and trading activities. Loans to individuals and business entities, our single largest asset group, depend for repayment on the willingness
 and ability of borrowers to perform as contracted. A material adverse change in the ability of a significant portion of our borrowers to meet their obligation to us, due to changes in economic conditions, interest rates, natural disaster, acts of
 war, or other causes over which we have no control, could adversely impact the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans or the value of the collateral securing these loans, and could have a material adverse impact on our earnings and
 financial condition.

19 

Index 

If our allowance for credit losses on loans ACLL is not sufficient to cover expected
 loan losses, our earnings could decrease.

Our borrowers may not repay their loans according to the terms of the loans, and, as a result of potential declines in home prices, the collateral securing the payment
 of these loans may be insufficient to pay any remaining loan balance. We may experience significant loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. TrustCo adopted ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL effective January 1, 2022. This standard requires financial
 institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit. When determining the amount of the ACLL, we make various assumptions and judgments about the
 collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans, as well as about the current and expected future
 economic environment. In deciding on the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, management reviews past due information, historical charge-off and recovery data, nonperforming loan activity and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Also,
 there are a number of other factors that are taken into consideration, including: the magnitude, nature and trends of recent loan charge-offs and recoveries, the growth in the loan portfolio and the implication that it has in relation to the
 economic climate in the Bank s market territories, and the economic environment in the Upstate New York territory (the Company s largest geographical area) primarily over the last several years, as well as in the Company s other
 market areas. A significant portion of the ACLL is determined using qualitative factors. The determination of qualitative factors involves subjective judgement and subjective measurement. We cannot predict loan losses with certainty that
 charge-offs in future periods will not exceed our estimate of expected losses as determined through our ACLL. If our assumptions and analysis prove to be incorrect, including with respect to the economic environment, our ACLL may not be
 sufficient to cover expected losses in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to our ACLL which is maintained through provisions for credit losses. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, may
 require additions to the allowance based on their judgment about information available to them at the time of their examination. Material additions to our ACLL would materially decrease our net income.

We may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors or borrowers or meet our operating cash needs to fund corporate expansion and other activities.

Liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. The liquidity of Trustco Bank is used to make loans and to repay deposit liabilities as they become due or are demanded by customers. Liquidity policies
 and limits have been established by our board of directors, and our management monitors the overall liquidity position of Trustco Bank to ensure that various alternative strategies exist to cover unanticipated events that could affect liquidity.
 Trustco Bank is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank which provides funding to members through advances and other extensions of credit that are typically collateralized with securities or mortgage-related assets. Our securities portfolio
 can be used as a secondary source of liquidity, and additional liquidity could be obtained from securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and debt or equity securities issuances in public or private transactions. If we were
 unable to access any of these funding sources when needed, we might not be able to meet the needs of our customers, which could adversely affect our financial condition, our results of operations, cash flows and our level of regulatory capital.

We are subject to claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility and lender liability.

Some of the services we provide, such as trust and investment services, require us to act as fiduciaries for our customers and others. In addition, loan workout and other activities may expose us or Trustco Bank to legal actions, including
 lender liability or environmental claims. From time to time, third parties make claims and take legal action against us pertaining to the performance of our fiduciary responsibilities or loan-related activities. If these claims and legal actions
 are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, we may be exposed to significant financial liability and/or our reputation could be damaged. Either of these results may adversely impact demand for our products and services or otherwise have a
 harmful effect on our business and, in turn, on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

20 

Index 

Risks Related to Our Operations 

We are dependent upon the services of our management team.

We are dependent upon the ability and experience of a number of our key management personnel who have substantial experience with our operations, the financial services industry and the markets
 in which we offer our services. It is possible that the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives or key managers would have an adverse effect on our operations. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract,
 manage and retain other qualified middle management personnel as we grow. We cannot assure you that we will continue to attract or retain such personnel.

Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.

Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by TrustCo in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
 and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or
 internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.

These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be
 circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud
 may occur and not be detected.

If the business continuity and disaster recovery plans that we have in place are not adequate to continue our operations in the event of a disaster, the business disruption can adversely impact our
 operations.

External events, including terrorist or military actions, or an outbreak of disease, and resulting political and social turmoil could cause unforeseen damage to our physical facilities or could
 cause delays or disruptions to operational functions, including information processing and financial market settlement functions. Additionally, our customers, vendors and counterparties could suffer from such events. Should these events affect
 us, or our customers, or vendors or counterparties with which we conduct business, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

The Company s risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss.

The Company maintains an enterprise risk management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report, and control the risks that it faces. These risks include interest rate, credit, liquidity, operations, reputation, compliance,
 and litigation. While the Company assesses and improves this program on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that its approach and framework for risk management and related controls will effectively mitigate all risk and limit losses in
 its business. If conditions or circumstances arise that expose flaws or gaps in the Company s risk management program, or if its controls break down, the performance and value of its business could be
 adversely affected.

Risks Related to Market Conditions 

A prolonged economic downturn, especially one affecting our geographic market area, will adversely affect our operations and financial results.

Our primary lending emphasis is the origination of one-to-four family first mortgage loans on residential properties; therefore, we are particularly exposed to downturns in the U.S. housing
 market. The primary risks inherent in our one- to four-family loan portfolio are declines in economic conditions, elevated levels of unemployment or underemployment, and declines in residential real estate values. Any one or a combination of
 these events may have an adverse impact on borrowers ability to repay their loans, which could result in increased delinquencies, non-performing assets, loan losses, and future loan loss provisions.

21 

Index 

Additionally, we have a concentration of loans secured in New York and Florida. Approximately 68.0 of our loan portfolio is comprised of loans secured by property located in our markets in and
 around New York, and approximately 32.0 is comprised of loans secured by property located in Florida. This makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy and real estate markets. Adverse conditions in the local economy such as inflation,
 unemployment, recession, natural disasters, or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. Decreases in local real estate values could adversely affect the value of the property used as
 collateral for our loans, which could cause us to realize a loss in the event of a foreclosure. Currently, there is not a single employer or industry in the area on which the majority of our customers are dependent.

Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations and financial condition.

Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition. The macroeconomic environment in the United States is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets. The stock and credit markets have been experiencing significant variations in volatility
 levels in recent years. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial
 strength. Current volatility levels have diminished significantly from the peak, but a return to higher levels could cause the Company to experience an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

Additionally, t he conflict with Russia and Ukraine has lead, and could continue to lead, to significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in
 commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences as well as increase in cyberattacks and espionage. 
 In addition, global demand for products may exceed supply during the economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, and such shortages may cause inflation, adversely impact consumer and business confidence, and adversely affect the economy as
 well as our financial condition and results. 

Actions taken by the Federal Reserve Board, including changes in its target funds rate, balance sheet management and lending facilities are beyond our control and difficult to predict. These actions can affect interest
 rates and the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities and can impact our borrowers. Sudden changes in monetary policy, for example, in response to high inflation, could lead to financial market volatility, increases in
 market interest rates and a continued flattening or inversion of the yield curve. Higher inflation, or volatility and uncertainty related to inflation, could reduce demand for our products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of our borrowers
 or result in lower values for our investment securities and other interest-earning assets.

The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have an adverse effect on our business.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant economic impact on the communities in which we operate, our borrowers and depositors, and the national economy generally. These effects have diminished in the past year, but future developments and
 uncertainties will be difficult to predict, such as the potential emergence of a new variant, the course of the pandemic in China and other major economies, the persistence of pandemic-related work and lifestyle changes, changes in consumer
 preferences associated with the emergence of the pandemic, and other market disruptions. Any such developments could have a complex and negative effect on our business, including with respect to the prevailing economic environment, our lending
 and investment activities, and our business operations.

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.

Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing,
 counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, banks, investment banks, mutual
 funds, and other institutional entities. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could
 lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. Any such losses could be material and could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

22 

Index 

The trust wealth management fees we receive may decrease as a result of poor investment performance, in either relative or absolute terms, which could decrease our revenues and net earnings.

Our Trustco Financial Services department derives its revenues primarily from investment management fees based on assets under management. Our ability to maintain or increase assets under management is subject to a number of factors, including
 investors perception of our past performance, in either relative or absolute terms, market and economic conditions, and competition from investment management companies. Financial markets are affected by many factors, all of which are beyond our
 control, including general economic conditions, securities market conditions, the level and volatility of interest rates and equity prices, competitive conditions, monetary and fiscal policy and investor sentiment. A decline in the value of the
 assets under management would decrease our income. Further certain of our investment advisory and wealth management clients can terminate, with little or no notice, their relationships with us, reduce their aggregate assets under management, or
 shift their funds to other types of accounts with different rate structures.

Risks Related to Compliance and Regulation 

The regulatory capital rules could slow our growth, cause us to seek to raise additional capital, or both.

As discussed under Regulation and Supervision - Regulatory Capital Requirements and Prompt Corrective Action, the Company and the Bank are subject to
 regulatory capital requirements. The capital rules impose stringent capital requirements on the Company and the Bank and generally require banking organizations to hold high-quality capital to act as a financial cushion to absorb losses and help
 banking organizations better withstand periods of financial stress.

The application of these stringent capital requirements for us could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require us to limit the growth we may otherwise seek, require the raising of additional capital, and result in
 regulatory actions such as prohibitions on the payment of dividends, the payment of bonuses to employees or the repurchase of shares if we were unable to comply with such requirements. If Trustco Bank fails to comply with its capital
 requirements, the OCC will have the authority to take prompt corrective action, depending on the Bank s capital level. Currently, the Bank is considered well-capitalized for prompt corrective action purposes. If it were to be designated by
 the OCC in one of the lower capital levels - undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized - the Bank would be required to raise additional capital and also would be subject to progressively more severe
 restrictions on operations, management, and capital distributions; replacement of senior executive officers and directors; and, if it became critically undercapitalized, to the appointment of a conservator or receiver.

We currently anticipate that we will continue to be well-capitalized in accordance with the regulatory standards.

Changes in laws and regulations and the cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and our income.

We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by the OCC, Federal Reserve Board, and FDIC. These regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their
 supervisory and enforcement activities, including the ability to impose restrictions on a bank s operations, reclassify assets, determine the adequacy of a bank s
 loss allowances, and determine the level of deposit insurance premiums assessed. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly affected the lending, deposit, investment, trading, and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies
 and will continue to do so. Any change in banking regulations and oversight, and the regulation of other agencies, such as the CFPB and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, whether in the form of regulatory policy, new
 regulations or legislation, or additional deposit insurance premiums, could have a material impact on our operations. New or revised rules may increase our regulatory compliance burden and costs and restrict the financial products and services
 we offer to our customers.

23 

Index 

Further, there may be additional laws and regulations, or changes in policy, affecting lending and funding practices, regulatory capital limits, interest rate risk management, and liquidity
 standards and the legislative and regulatory responses to the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted, and future responses may result in significant changes. The federal bank regulatory agencies may require us to maintain capital ratios in excess of
 regulatory requirements, and new laws and regulations may increase our costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business, and otherwise affect our operations. New laws and regulations may significantly affect the markets in which we do
 business, the markets for and value of our loans and investments, the products we offer, the fees we can charge and our ongoing operations, costs, and profitability.

Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions.

The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such
 activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for
 identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions. Recently, several banking institutions have received large fines for
 non-compliance with these laws and regulations. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, these policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing violations of these
 laws and regulations.

Changes in tax laws may adversely affect us, and the Internal Revenue Service or a court may disagree with our tax positions, which may result in adverse effects on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

The Company operates in an environment that imposes income taxes on its operations at both the federal and state levels to varying degrees. Strategies and operating routines have been implemented to minimize the impact of these taxes.
 Consequently, any change in tax legislation could significantly alter the effectiveness of these strategies. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (which we refer to as the Tax Act ), enacted in December 2017, significantly affected United States tax law,
 including by changing how the United States imposes tax on certain types of income of corporations and by reducing the United States federal corporate income tax rate to 21 . It also imposed new limitations on a number of tax benefits, including
 certain executive compensation deductions, deductions for certain transportation fringe benefits provided to employees and entertainment expenses, among others. There can be no assurance that future tax law changes will not increase the rate of
 the corporate income tax significantly; impose new limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits; or make other changes that may adversely affect the performance of an investment in our stock. In addition, we have taken and may in the
 future take positions with respect to a number of unsettled issues for which Internal Revenue Services IRS guidance is unavailable. There is no assurance that the IRS or a court will agree with the positions taken by us, in which case tax
 penalties and interest may be imposed that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Furthermore, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which introduces a new 15 corporate minimum tax and includes an excise tax that imposes a 1 surcharge on stock repurchases commencing January 1, 2023,
 and which may impact our financial results beginning in 2023.

The changes in the federal tax laws may have an adverse effect on the market for, and the valuation of, residential properties, and on the demand for such loans in the future, and could make it
 harder for borrowers to make their loan payments. In addition, these changes may also have a disproportionate effect on taxpayers in states with high residential home prices and high state and local taxes, like New York. If home ownership becomes
 less attractive, demand for mortgage loans could decrease. The value of the properties securing loans in our loan portfolio may be adversely impacted as a result of the changing economics of home ownership, which could require an increase in our
 provision for loan losses, which would reduce our profitability and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

24 

Index 

Our ability to pay dividends is subject to regulatory limitations and other limitations that may affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders or to repurchase our common stock.

TrustCo is a separate legal entity from its subsidiary Trustco Bank, and does not have significant operations of its own. The availability of dividends from Trustco Bank is limited by various
 statutes and regulations. It is possible, depending upon the financial condition of the Bank and other factors that the OCC or the Federal Reserve Board could assert that payment of dividends or other payments may result in an unsafe or unsound
 practice. In addition, TrustCo is subject to consolidated capital requirements and is required to serve as a source of strength to Trustco Bank. If the Bank is unable to pay dividends to TrustCo, or if TrustCo is required to retain capital or
 contribute capital to the Bank, we may not be able to pay dividends on our common stock or to repurchase shares of common stock.

We may be subject to a higher effective tax rate if Trustco Realty Corp. Trustco Realty fails to qualify as

a real estate investment trust REIT ).

Trustco Realty, a subsidiary of Trustco Bank, operates as a REIT for tax purposes. Trustco Realty was established to acquire, hold and manage mortgage assets and other authorized investments to generate net income for distribution to its
 shareholders.

For an entity to qualify as a REIT, it must meet certain organizational tests and it must satisfy the following seven asset tests under the Internal Revenue Code each quarter: (1) at least 75 of the value of the entity s total assets must
 consist of real estate assets, cash and cash items, and government securities; (2) not more than 25 of the value of the entity s total assets may consist of securities, other than those includible under the 75 asset test; (3) not more than 20 
 of the value of the entity s total assets may consist of securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries; (4) not more than 25 of the value of the entity s total assets may consist of nonqualified publicly offered REIT debt instruments; (5)
 not more than 5 of the value of the entity s total assets may consist of securities of any one issuer, other than those securities includible under the 75 asset test or securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary; (6) the entity does not hold
 securities possessing more than 10 of the total voting power of the outstanding securities of any one issuer, other than those securities includible under the 75 asset test or securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary; and (7) the entity does not
 hold securities having a value of more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer, other than those securities includible under the 75 asset test or securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary. At December 31, 2022,
 Trustco Realty met all seven quarterly asset tests.

Also, a REIT must satisfy the following two gross income tests each year: (1) at least 75 of its gross income must be from qualifying income closely connected with real estate activities; and (2) 95 of its gross income must be derived from
 sources qualifying for the 75 test and dividends, interest, and gains from the sale of securities. In addition, a REIT must distribute at least 90 of its taxable income for the taxable year, excluding any net capital gains, to maintain its
 non-taxable status for federal income tax purposes. For 2022, Trustco Realty had met the two annual income tests and the distribution test.

If Trustco Realty fails to meet any of the required provisions and, therefore, does not qualify to be a REIT, our effective tax rate would increase.

Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings.

The accounting standard setting bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and other regulatory bodies, periodically change financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our consolidated
 statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised accounting standard
 retroactively, which could affect beginning of period financial statement amounts.

25 

Index 

Risks Related to Competition 

Strong competition within the Bank s market areas could hurt profits and slow growth.

The Bank faces intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. This competition comes principally from other banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, mortgage companies, other lenders, and institutions offering
 uninsured investment alternatives. Many of our competitors have competitive advantages, including greater financial resources and higher lending limits, a wider geographic presence, more accessible branch office locations, more aggressive
 marketing campaigns and better brand recognition, and the ability to offer a wider array of services or more favorable pricing alternatives, as well as lower origination and operating costs.

Competition has made it more difficult for the Bank to make new loans and at times has forced the Bank to offer higher deposit rates. Price competition for loans and deposits might result in the Bank earning less on loans and paying more on
 deposits, which would reduce net interest income. Competition also makes it more difficult to grow loans and deposits and to hire and retain experienced employees. Management expects competition to increase in the future as a result of
 legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. The Bank s profitability depends upon its continued ability to compete
 successfully in its market areas.

Consumers and businesses are increasingly using non-banks to complete their financial transactions, which could adversely affect our business and results of
 operations.

Technology and other changes are allowing consumers and businesses to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks through alternative methods. For example, the wide
 acceptance of Internet-based commerce has resulted in a number of alternative payment processing systems and lending platforms in which banks play only minor roles. Customers can now maintain funds in prepaid debit cards or digital currencies,
 and pay bills and transfer funds directly without the direct assistance of banks. The diminishing role of banks as financial intermediaries has resulted and could continue to result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer
 deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the potential loss of lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Third Parties, and Technology 

Our business could be adversely affected by third-party service providers, data breaches, and cyber-attacks.

We rely heavily on third-party service providers for much of our communications, information, operating and financial controls systems, and technology. We face the risk of operational
 disruption, failure, or capacity constraints due to our dependency on third-party service providers for components of our business infrastructure. While we have selected these third-party service providers through our vendor management process,
 we do not control their operations. As such, any failure on the part of these business partners to perform their various responsibilities could also adversely affect our business and operations. Any failure or interruption or breach in security
 of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in our customer relationships management, general ledger, deposit, servicing, and/or loan origination systems. We cannot assure you that such failures or interruptions will not occur
 again in the future or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by us or the third parties on which we rely. The occurrence of any failure or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations, and cash flows. If any of our third-party service providers experience financial, operational, or technological difficulties, or if there is any other disruption in our relationships with them, we may be required to locate
 alternative sources of such services, We cannot assure you that we could negotiate terms that are as favorable to us, or could obtain services with similar functionality as found in our existing systems, without the need to expend substantial
 resources, if at all.

Furthermore, our assets that are at risk for cyber-attacks include financial assets and non-public information belonging to customers. We use several third-party service providers who have
 access to our assets via electronic media. Certain cyber security risks arise due to this access, including cyber espionage, blackmail, ransom, and theft. We employ many preventive and detective controls to protect our assets and provide
 recurring information security training to all employees. Although to date we have not experienced any material losses or other material consequences to date relating to technology failure, cyberattacks or other information or security breaches,
 whether directed at us or at third parties, there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures in place to monitor and mitigate the risks of cyber threats, including the remediation of critical information security and software
 vulnerabilities, will be sufficient and/or timely as to prevent material losses or consequences in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats and
 sophisticated methods used by cyber criminals, our plans to continue to implement Internet and mobile banking to meet customer demand, and the current economic and political environment. As cyber and other data security threats continue to
 evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities.

26 

Index 

A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses, and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity
 and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm.

The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal
 operational functions. Our operational and security systems, infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. We rely on our employees and
 third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance or failure, or breach of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. We have taken measures to implement backup
 systems and other safeguards to support our operations, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact and rely. For example, strategic technology
 project implementation challenges have caused immaterial business interruptions in the past and may cause more interruptions in the future. In addition, our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party
 systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating or security systems and infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a
 number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control which could adversely affect our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. There have been and there could be in the future sudden increases
 in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications, or other major physical infrastructure outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, and floods; disease pandemics; and events arising from local or larger
 scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts. We continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations globally. This updating entails
 significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. Operational risk exposures could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and
 financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm.

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or customer information, whether through a breach of our computer systems or otherwise, could
 severely harm our business.

As part of our financial institution business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential customer information. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and
 systems, and those of our third-party service providers, have been and may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events in the future. If
 information security is breached, information can be lost or misappropriated, resulting in financial loss or costs to us. Any security breach involving confidential customer information, whether by us or by our vendors, could severely damage our
 reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability or disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.

We could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, our computer systems.

We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor our transactions. Risks to the systems result from a variety of factors, including the
 potential for bad acts on the part of hackers, criminals, employees and others. As one example, some banks in recent years, have experienced denial of service attacks in which individuals or organizations flood the bank s website with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic, with the goal and intended effect of disrupting the ability of the bank to process transactions. We are also at risk for the impact of natural disasters, terrorism, and
 international hostilities on our systems or for the effects of outages or other failures involving power or communications systems operated by others. These risks also arise from the same types of threats to businesses with which we deal.

27 

Index 

Potential adverse consequences of attacks on our computer systems or other threats include damage to our reputation, loss of customer business, litigation, and increased regulatory scrutiny,
 which might also result in financial loss and require additional efforts and expense to attempt to prevent such adverse consequences in the future.

Other Risks 

New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks.

From time to time, we may develop and grow new lines of business or offer new products and services within our existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties
 associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial
 timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations,
 competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a
 significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, results of operations and financial condition. All service offerings, including current offerings and those which may be provided in the future, may become more risky due to changes in economic, competitive and market conditions
 beyond our control.

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and New York law may discourage or prevent takeover attempts, and these provisions may have the effect
 of reducing the market price of our stock.

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws include several provisions that may have the effect of discouraging or preventing hostile takeover attempts, and therefore, making the removal of
 incumbent management difficult. The provisions include requirements of supermajority votes to approve certain business transactions. In addition, New York law contains several provisions that may make it more difficult for a third party to
 acquire control of us without the approval of the board of directors, and may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding stock. To the extent that these provisions are effective in discouraging
 or preventing takeover attempts, they may tend to reduce the market price for our stock.

We cannot guarantee that our allocation of capital to various alternatives, including stock repurchase plans, will enhance long-term stockholder value.

Our business plan calls for us to execute a variety of strategies to allocate and deploy any excess capital including, but not limited to, continued organic balance sheet growth and
 diversification, implementation of stock repurchase plans and payment of regular cash dividends. Additionally, we will carefully consider acquisition opportunities to further deploy capital when we expect such opportunities to significantly
 enhance long-term shareholder value. If we are unable to effectively and timely deploy capital through these strategies, it may constrain growth in earnings and return on equity and thereby diminish potential growth in stockholder value.

On March 9, 2022, we announced that our Board authorized a new stock repurchase plan to acquire up to 200,000 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock. Repurchases are made at
 management s discretion at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its stockholders, subject to the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading price of the stock,
 alternative uses for capital, and the Company s financial performance.

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which was signed into law on August 16, 2022, contains a number of changes to U.S. federal tax laws. One such change is a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases,
 which will increase the cost of stock repurchases and may impact our future decisions on how to return value to stockholders in the most efficient manner.

28 

Index 

We are exposed to climate risk.

Climate change may be associated with rising sea levels as well as extreme weather conditions such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, drought and snow or ice storms. Extreme weather conditions
 may increase our costs or cause damage to our facilities, and any damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured. Many of our facilities are located near coastal areas or waterways where rising sea levels or flooding could disrupt
 our operations or adversely impact our facilities. Furthermore, periods of extended inclement weather or associated flooding may inhibit construction activity adversely affecting the use of some of our lending products. Any such events could
 have a material adverse effect on our costs or results of operations. These same issues also could impact the value of mortgage collateral and the security for residential and commercial loans.

As a mortgage lender, Trustco Bank has identified credit, market, liquidity, and operational factors as climate-related risks. Adverse climate factors could impact the ability of loan customers to timely repay
 their loans. Adverse climate impacts also could adversely impact the stock and bond markets which could adversely affect TrustCo s non-interest income earning potential. Severe physical impacts from climate change, such as rising sea levels,
 could reduce the value of residential and/or commercial portfolio. These two factors, given sufficiently severe impacts, could affect liquidity.

Additionally, severe weather and other climate events could impact hiring and retention of employees, facilities management, retail services, and technology infrastructure, thus creating
 operational risk.

Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.

Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may
 change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may
 face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, and the like. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the
 impacts to us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts
 to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in
 consumer or business behavior.

Item 1B 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

TrustCo s executive offices are located at 5 Sarnowski Drive, Glenville, New York, 12302, in a facility owned by the Company. The Company operates 143 banking offices

located in New York, New Jersey, Vermont, Massachusetts and Florida. As of December 31, 2022, 24 of such properties are owned and 119 are leased from others on market terms. The lease terms for our banking offices are not individually material.
 Lease expirations range from 2 months to 21.8 years. In the opinion of management, the physical properties of TrustCo and the Bank are suitable and adequate to meet our requirements and are being fully utilized.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

The nature of TrustCo s business generates a certain amount of litigation against TrustCo and its subsidiaries involving matters arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
 of TrustCo, there are no proceedings pending to which TrustCo or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or of which its property is the subject which, if determined adversely to TrustCo or such subsidiaries, would be material in relation to TrustCo s consolidated shareholders equity and financial condition.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

29 

Index 

Information about our Executive Officers

The following is a list of the names and ages as of March 1, 2023 of the executive officers of TrustCo and their business history for the past five years:

Name, Age and 

 Position

 With Trustco

Principal Occupations Or Employment Since January 1, 2008

Year First 

 Became

 Executive of

 TrustCo

Robert J. McCormick,

 Age 60,

 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of TrustCo from January 2009 to December 2010, President and Chief Executive Officer of TrustCo since January 2004, Executive Officer of TrustCo since 2001 and President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Trustco Bank since November 2002. Chairman of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from November 2008 to December 2010. Director of TrustCo and Trustco Bank since 2005. Joined Trustco Bank in 1995.

2001

Scot R. Salvador ,

 Age 56,

 Executive Vice President Commercial Banking

Executive Vice President of TrustCo and Trustco Bank since January 2004. Executive Officer of TrustCo and Trustco Bank since 2004. Joined Trustco Bank in 1995.

2004

Robert M. Leonard ,

 Age 60,

 Executive Vice President Corporate Services and Risk

Executive Vice President of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2013 to present. Senior Vice President of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2010 to 2013. Secretary of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2003 to 2006 and
 2009 to 2016. Assistant Secretary of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2006 to 2009. Executive Officer of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2003 to present. Joined Trustco Bank in 1986.

2003

Michael M. Ozimek

 Age 48,

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2018 to present. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2014 to 2018. Executive Officer of TrustCo and
 Trustco Bank from 2014 to present. Joined TrustCo and Trustco Bank in 2002.

2014

Eric W. Schreck

 Age 56,

 Executive Vice President

 and Treasurer

Executive Vice President and Florida Regional President of Trustco Bank from 2021 to present. Senior Vice President and Florida Regional President of Trustco Bank from 2009 to 2020. Treasurer of TrustCo from 2010 to present. Executive
 Officer of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2010 to present. Joined Trustco Bank in 1989.

2010

Michael Hall

 Age 58,

 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2018 to present. Vice President and Counsel of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2015 to 2018. Assistant Secretary of TrustCo and Trustco Bank for 2016. Executive
 Officer and Secretary of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from 2017 to present. Attorney with McNamee, Lochner, Titus William, P.C. from 1992 to 2015. Joined TrustCo and Trustco Bank in 2015.

2016

Kevin M. Curley

 Age 56,

 Executive Vice President Retail Banking

Executive Vice President Retail Banking of TrustCo and Trustco Bank from December 2018 to present. Joined Trustco Bank in 1990.

2018

30 

Index 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

TrustCo s common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the symbol TRST. TrustCo had
 approximately 7,566 shareholders of record as of February 23, 2023.

The Company s ability to pay dividends depends on the receipt of dividends from the Bank, which is subject to a variety of limitations under federal banking regulations regarding the payment of dividends. For discussion of corporate and
 regulatory limitations applicable to the payment of dividends, see Item 1. Business-Supervision and Regulation-Dividends. 

The following details the purchase of shares of TrustCo s common stock made by or on behalf of TrustCo in the fourth quarter of the year ended December
 31, 2022.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of shares of common stock during the three months
 ended December 31, 2022.

Period

(a)

 Total

 Number

 of Shares

 Purchased

(b)

 Average

 Price

 Paid Per

 Share

(c)

 Total

 Number of

 Shares

 Purchased

 as Part of

 Publicly

 Announced

 Plans or

 Programs

(d)

 Maximum

 Number

 of Shares

 that May

 Yet

 Be

 Purchased

 Under

 the Plans or

 Programs (1)

October 1 to October 31, 2022

-

-

-

32,786

November 1 to November 30, 2022

-

-

-

32,786

December 1 to December 31, 2022

32,786

38.17

32,786

-

Total

32,786

38.17

32,786

-

(1) 

On March 9, 2022 the Company s Board of Directors authorized another share repurchase program of up to 200,000 shares, or approximately 1 of its currently outstanding common stock. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the
 Company repurchased a total of 32,786 shares at an average price per share of 38.17, for a total of 1.2 million under its Board authorized share repurchase program. All 200,000 shares under the current authorization had been repurchased
 as of December 31, 2022.

31 

Index 

Stock Performance Graph

The TrustCo Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is filed as Exhibit 13 hereto, contains a stock performance graph comparing the yearly percentage change in the Company s cumulative
 total shareholder return on its common stock with the cumulative return of the Russell 2000 and S P U.S. BMI Banks Index. Such graph is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 6. 

[Removed and reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The information required by this this Item 7 is contained in TrustCo s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is filed as Exhibit 13 hereto and incorporated herein
 by reference.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

The information required by this Item 7A is contained in TrustCo s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is filed as Exhibit 13 hereto and incorporated herein by
 reference.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The consolidated financial statements, together with the report thereon of Crowe LLP, and the required supplementary financial data are included in TrustCo s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year
 ended December 31, 2022, which is filed as Exhibit 13 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of
 the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Exchange
 Act, such as this Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
 procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
 to the Company s management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
 operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
 to satisfy the objectives for which they are designed.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting , together with the report thereon of Crowe LLP is included in TrustCo s Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is filed as Exhibit 13 hereto, are incorporated herein by reference.

32 

Index 

There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company s quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the disclosure under the headings Information on TrustCo Directors and Nominees 
 and Information on TrustCo Executive Officers and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the Company s fiscal year-end. TrustCo has adopted a code of conduct that applies to all employees, including its principal executive, financial and accounting officers. A copy of this code of conduct will be provided
 without charge upon written request. Requests and inquiries should be directed to: Michael Hall, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, TrustCo Bank Corp NY, P.O. Box 1082, Schenectady, New York 12301-1082. The required information regarding
 TrustCo s executive officers is contained in PART I in the item captioned Executive Officers of TrustCo. 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days of the Company s fiscal year-end.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days of the Company s fiscal year-end. Additional information concerning the Company s equity compensation plans is set forth in Part II, Item 5 hereof.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence

The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days of the Company s fiscal year-end.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement (Schedule 14A) for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within
 120 days of the Company s fiscal year-end.

33 

Index 

Our independent registered public accounting firm is Crowe LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB Firm ID: 173

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

The following financial statements of TrustCo and its consolidated subsidiaries, and the accountants report thereon are filed as a part of this report.

Consolidated Statements of Condition -- December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Consolidated Statements of Income -- Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income -- Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity -- Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -- Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .

Financial Statement Schedules

Not Applicable. All required schedules for TrustCo and its subsidiaries have been included in the consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto.

Supplementary Financial Information

Summary of Unaudited Quarterly Financial Information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3(i) 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of TrustCo Bank Corp NY, as amended incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 5, 2021.

3(ii) 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of TrustCo Bank Corp NY, dated May 23, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q, filed August 8, 2019.

4(a) 

Description of Capital Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2022.

10(a) 

Amended and Restated Trust For Deferred Benefits Provided under Employment Agreements of Trustco Bank, National Association and TrustCo Bank Corp NY, dated September 18, 2001 incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10(b) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2001.

34 

Index 

10(b) 

Amended and Restated Trust Under Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plans of Trustco Bank, National Association and TrustCo Bank Corp NY, dated September 18, 2001, incorporated by reference to, Exhibit
 10(c) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2001.

10(c) 

Amended and Restated Trustco Bank and TrustCo Bank Corp NY Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2008.

10(d) 

Second Amended and Restated TrustCo Bank Corp NY Performance Bonus Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2008.

10(e) 

Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated TrustCo Bank Corp NY Performance Bonus Plan, effective January 1, 2010, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(e) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 19, 2010.

10(f) 

Form of 2008 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Trustco Bank, TrustCo Bank Corp NY and Robert J. McCormick, Robert T. Cushing and Scot R. Salvador, effective as of January 1, 2008,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.8 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2008.

10(g) 

Second Amended and Restated TrustCo Bank Corp NY Directors Performance Bonus Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2008.

10(h) 

Amendment No. 1, Second Amended and Restated TrustCo Bank Corp NY Directors Performance Bonus Plan, effective January 1, 2010, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(f) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 19, 2010.

10(i) 

Service Bureau Processing Agreement by and between Fidelity Information Services, Inc. and TrustCo Bank Corp NY dated March 3, 2004 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended March 31, 2004.

10(j) 

Agreement between Fiserv Solutions, Inc. and Trustco Bank, National Association, dated November 14, 2001 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(o) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for
 the year ended December 31, 2001.

10(k) 

Restatement of Trustco Bank Senior Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.9 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December
 22, 2008.

10(l) 

Form of Amendments to 2008 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Trustco Bank, TrustCo Bank Corp NY and each of Robert J. McCormick, Robert T. Cushing and Scot R. Salvador, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 17, 2009.

10(m) 

First Amendment to Restatement of Trustco Bank Senior Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed November 18, 2009.

10(n) 

Amended and Restated TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2010 Equity Incentive Plan dated as of March 21, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March
 24, 2017.

35 

Index 

10(o) 

Amended and Restated 2010 Directors Equity Incentive Plan dated March 17, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed March 23, 2015.

10(p) 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 20, 2015.

10(q) 

Employment Agreement among Trustco Bank, TrustCo Bank Corp NY And Robert M. Leonard, effective November 19, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 25, 2013.

10(r) 

Performance-Based Stock Appreciation Unit Agreement dated as of January 21, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed January 24, 2014.

10(s) 

Trustco Bank Executive Officer Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of February 16, 2016), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s
 Form 8-K filed February 17, 2016.

10(t) 

Amended and Restated TrustCo Bank Corp NY Executive Medical Reimbursement Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 8, 2022.

10(u) 

Consulting Agreement between TrustCo Bank Corp NY and Robert T. Cushing effective December 22, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 November 22, 2017.

10(v) 

Form of 2018 Performance Share Award Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 November 23, 2018.

10(w) 

Form of Employment Agreement between TrustCo Bank Corp NY and each of Kevin M. Curley and Michael M. Ozimek, effective December 18, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed December 18, 2018.

10(x) 

TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix B to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 1, 2019.

10(y) 

Form of 2019 Performance Share Award Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 20, 2019.

10(z) 

Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 20, 2019.

10(aa) 

Form of 2019 Directors Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 20, 2019.

36 

Index 

10(bb) 

Form of 2020 Performance Share Award Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 18, 2020.

10(cc) 

Form of 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 18, 2020.

10(dd) 

Form of 2020 Directors Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 18, 2020.

10(ee) 

Form of 2021 Performance Share Award Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K,
 filed November 17, 2021.

10(ff) 

Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 November 17, 2021.

10(gg) 

Form of 2021 Directors Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 17, 2021.

10(hh) 

Form of 2022 Performance Share Award Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K,
 filed November 16, 2022.

10(ii) 

Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 November 16, 2022.

10(jj) 

Form of 2022 Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan.

13 

Portions of Annual Report to Security Holders of TrustCo for the year ended December 31, 2022.

21 

List of Subsidiaries of TrustCo.

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

24 

Power of Attorney.

31(i)(a) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Robert J. McCormick, principal executive officer.

31(i)(b) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Michael M. Ozimek, principal financial officer.

32 

Section 1350 Certifications of Robert J. McCormick, principal executive officer and Michael M. Ozimek, principal financial officer.

101

Sections of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language), submitted in the following files

37 

Index 

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document.

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and Contained in Exhibit 101)

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

Filed herewith.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

38 

Index 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

TrustCo Bank Corp NY

Date: March 1, 2023

By:

/s/ Michael M. Ozimek

Michael M. Ozimek

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name and Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Robert J. McCormick

Robert J. McCormick

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

 (principal executive officer)

March 1, 2023

/s/ Michael M. Ozimek

Michael M. Ozimek

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 (principal financial and accounting officer)

March 1, 2023

Dennis A. DeGennaro

Lead Independent Director

March 1, 2023

Brian C. Flynn

Director

March 1, 2023

Lisa M. Lucarelli

Director

March 1, 2023

Thomas O. Maggs

Director

March 1, 2023

Dr. Anthony J. Marinello

Director

March 1, 2023

Curtis N. Powell

Director

March 1, 2023

Frank B. Silverman

Director

March 1, 2023

Alejandro M. Sanchez

Director

March 1, 2023

Frank B. Silverman

Director

March 1, 2023

By:

/s/ Robert M. Leonard

Robert M. Leonard, as Agent

Pursuant to Power of Attorney

39 

<EX-10.(JJ)>
 2
 brhc10048869_ex10jj.htm
 EXHIBIT 10(JJ)

Exhibit 10(jj)

2022

 Directors Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement

 under the

 TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan

This Directors Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement under the TrustCo Bank Corp NY 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 Plan ), dated as of the Grant Date set forth below, is made between TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the Company and the Participant set forth below. 

The Award granted in this Agreement is contingent on the Participant agreeing to be bound by all of the terms and
 conditions of the Plan and this Agreement by signing and returning this Agreement to the Company on or before the close of business on the second business day after November 15, 2022 (that is, November 17, 2022). If the Participant fails to return
 a signed copy of this Agreement to the Company on or before such date, this Award will be deemed to be voided and withdrawn and, as such, of no force or effect.

1. Grant . Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the
 Participant an award (the Award of the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in paragraph 2 . Each Restricted Stock Unit shall represent the right to receive upon settlement an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock. 

2. Award Summary 

Participant

Grant Date

November 15, 2022

Number of Restricted Stock Units:

Period of Restriction (Lapse Date):

November 15, 2023

1 

In the event of a Change-in-Control of the Company as defined in Section 13(b) of the Plan, the Period of Restriction shall lapse.

3. Period of Restriction . The Award of Restricted Stock Units described in this Agreement shall be subject to the
 Period of Restriction as set forth in Paragraph 2 ; for purposes
 of this Agreement, Period of Restriction means the period of time after which the Award shall be deemed vested and settled in cash as provided in the Plan and this Agreement. T he Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder, and all rights with respect to such Restricted Stock Units, may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated. 

4. Rights
 as a Shareholder . The Participant shall have no voting rights, and no rights to dividends or other distributions, with
 respect to any Restricted Stock Units. 

5. Separation from Service . 

(a) Death or Disability . In the event the service of the Participant to the Board is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Period of Restriction applicable to the Restricted Stock Units shall automatically terminate (that is, the Restricted Stock Units
 shall vest upon such Separation from Service. 

(b) Other . Unless the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of the Company Committee ), in its sole
 discretion and insofar as permitted by the Plan, determines otherwise, in the event the service of the Participant to the Board is terminated for any reason other than death or Disability during the Period of Restriction, then any Restricted
 Stock Units still subject to the Period of Restriction at the date of such Separation from Service automatically shall be forfeited and returned to the Company. 

6. Settlement
 of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the other provisions of the Plan, after the Lapse Date of the Period of Restriction as set forth in Paragraph 2, such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as
 follows: 

(a) Normal Settlement . Except in the event of (i) a Participant s Separation from Service during the Period of
 Restriction because of death or Disability or (ii) a Change-in-Control that occurs prior to the Lapse Date, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in cash no later than the 60 th day after the
 Lapse Date. On such date, the Company shall pay to the Participant, in a lump sum, a cash amount equal to the aggregate value of the Restricted Stock Units based upon the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Lapse Date. 

(b) Settlement after Death or Disability . In the event of a Participant s Separation from Service during the Period of
 Restriction because of death or Disability, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in cash no later than the 60 th day after the date of Separation from Service. On such date, the Company
 shall pay to the Participant, in a lump sum, a cash amount equal to the value of the Restricted Stock Units based upon the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of Separation from Service. 

2 

(c) Settlement
 upon Qualified Change-in-Control . Subject to the other provisions of the Plan, including without limitation Section 13(c) thereof, in the event of a Qualified Change-in-Control, the Restricted Stock
 Units shall be settled in cash on the date of the Qualified Change-in-Control. On such date, the Company shall pay to the Participant, in a lump sum, a cash amount equal to the value of the Restricted Stock Units based upon the Fair Market Value
 of the Common Stock on date of the Qualified Change-in-Control. 

7. No
 Right to Continued Director Service . Neither the Award nor any terms contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any express or implied right with respect to continuing the
 Participant s service as a Director with the Company for any period, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participant s right or the Company s right (or the right of the Company s stockholders) to terminate such relationship at any time,
 with or without cause, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

8. The
 Plan . This Agreement is subject to all the terms, provisions and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference, and to such regulations as may from time to time be adopted by the
 Committee. Unless defined herein, capitalized terms are as defined in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be
 modified accordingly. A copy of the Plan and the prospectus shall be provided to the Participant upon the Participant s request to the Company at TrustCo Bank Corp NY, 5 Sarnowski Drive, Glenville, New York 12302, Attention: Secretary. 

9. Compliance
 with Laws and Regulations . The Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject in all respects to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations and any registration, qualification,
 approvals or other requirements imposed by any government or regulatory agency or body which the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to be necessary or applicable. 

10. Notices . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be mailed to or delivered by hand or electronically by e-mail to the party for whom it is intended, (i) if to the Participant,
 to the current home address or e-mail address on file with the Company or delivered by hand personally to Participant and (ii) if to the Company, to the address of the Company s corporate headquarters, currently located at 5 Sarnowski Drive,
 Glenville, New York 12302, or such other address to which the Company has moved its corporate headquarters, to such other address that the Company may specify from time to time in a notice sent to the Participant, in each case Attention: Human
 Resource Department. 

11. Other
 Plans . The Participant acknowledges that any income derived from the Restricted Stock Units shall not affect the
 Participant s participation in, or benefits under, any other benefit plan or other contract or arrangement maintained by the Company or any affiliate of the Company. 

12. Beneficiary
 Designation . The Participant may, pursuant to the Plan, name one or more beneficiaries to whom vested benefits under this Agreement shall be paid in case of Participant s death before Participant
 receives all of such benefits. In the absence of any such designation, benefits remaining unpaid at the Participant s death shall be paid to his or her estate. 

13. Governing
 Law . This Agreements shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the
 choice of law principles thereof, except to the extent superseded by applicable United States federal law. Participants hereby agrees to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal or state courts of New York, to resolve any and all
 issues that may arise out of or relate to the Plan or any related Award Agreement. 

[Signature Page Follows]

3 

TrustCo Bank Corp NY

By:

Robert J. McCormick

Chairman, President and CEO

Accepted and agreed to:

Name:

Date:

4 

</EX-10.(JJ)>

<EX-13>
 3
 brhc10048869_ex13.htm
 EXHIBIT 13

Exhibit 13 

TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the Company, or TrustCo is a savings and loan holding company headquartered in Glenville, New York. The Company is headquartered in the Capital Region of New York State, and its principal subsidiary, Trustco Bank (the Bank or Trustco ), operates 143 community banking offices
 and 158 Automatic Teller Machines throughout the Bank s market areas. The Company serves 5 states and 34 counties with a broad range of community banking services. 

Financial Highlights

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

Percent Change

Income:

Net interest income

180,135

160,408

12.30

Net Income

75,234

61,519

22.29

Per Share:

Basic earnings

3.93

3.19

23.20

Diluted earnings

3.93

3.19

23.20

Book value at period end

31.54

31.28

0.83

Average Balances:

Assets

6,159,004

6,075,481

1.37

Loans, net

4,551,281

4,336,834

4.94

Deposits

5,302,439

5,188,347

2.20

Shareholders' equity

597,086

579,923

2.96

Financial Ratios:

Return on average assets

1.22

1.01

20.79

Return on average equity

12.60

10.61

18.76

Consolidated tier 1 capital to:

Total assets (leverage capital ratio)

10.39

9.61

8.12

Risk-adjusted assets

18.93

19.54

(3.12

Common equity tier 1 capital ratio

18.93

19.54

(3.12

Total capital to risk-adjusted assets

20.18

20.79

(2.93

Allowance for credit losses on loans to nonperforming loans

2.63

x

2.36

x

11.44

Efficiency ratio 

50.22

56.90

(11.74

Dividend Payout ratio

35.86

42.95

(16.51

Per Share information of common stock

Range of Stock

 Price

Basic

 Earnings

Diluted

 Earnings

Cash

 Dividend

BookValue

High

Low

2022

First quarter

0.89

0.89

0.3500

30.85

35.70

31.93

Second quarter

0.93

0.93

0.3500

31.06

32.75

29.85

Third quarter

1.01

1.01

0.3500

30.89

36.09

30.39

Fourth quarter

1.10

1.10

0.3600

31.54

39.16

31.83

2021 (1)

First quarter

0.73

0.73

0.3406

29.60

39.08

31.10

Second quarter

0.75

0.75

0.3406

30.00

39.13

34.10

Third quarter

0.87

0.87

0.3406

30.53

34.52

29.95

Fourth quarter

0.85

0.85

0.3500

31.28

34.80

32.00

(1)

All periods presented have been adjusted for the 1 for 5 reverse stock split which occurred on May 28, 2021.

The Efficiency Ratio is determined by a method other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which is presented in
 the Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation presented herein.

Page 1 of 109 

Index 

Financial Highlights 

1

President s Message 

3

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

4-32

Glossary of Terms 

33-35

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

36

Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 

37-99

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 173 

37 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

40 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

41 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

42 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

43 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended Decembe3 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

44 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

45 

Branch Locations 

99-104

Officers and Board of Directors 

105-106

General Information 

107-108

Share Price Information 

109 

TrustCo Bank Corp NY Mission

The Mission of TrustCo Bank Corp NY is to provide an above-average return to our owners in a manner consistent with our commitment to all
 stakeholders of the Company and its primary subsidiary, Trustco Bank, including customers, employees, community, regulators and shareholders.

Page 2 of 109 

Index 

President s Message

Dear Fellow Shareholder,

As we report our financial results for 2022, we reflect on a year during which we celebrated Trustco Bank s 120th year. While our communities, our customers, and our shareholders celebrated
 the bank s history, our team was making history of its own. We grew our core lending business by 294 million an unprecedented level of growth. We delivered record earnings in each quarter of the year increasing net income after taxes by
 22.3 or 13.7 million to 72.5 million for the year. We maintained rock-solid credit quality, holding non-performing loans as a percent of total loans and total assets to a negligible 0.37 and 0.33 , respectively. Our team accomplished all
 of that while achieving nearly 13 growth in our stock price year over year, in contrast to both our industry and the overall stock market, which contracted in value.

Our company is known for its very long-standing dividend payment every quarter since 1904. While achieving the results highlighted above and detailed in this report, our company accomplished something else
 extraordinary. We increased our dividend for the second time in as many years and for the third time since 2018. In so doing, we continued to fulfill our mission of delivering a meaningful return to our owners.

The sense of history runs deep at TrustCo and is a key part of our sustained success. This year also saw a new generation of leaders advance in the ranks of executive management at the bank. Three new Senior
 Vice Presidents were named and each of these bankers already has served long and true at our venerable institution. Carly Batista started with the bank in 2004 as a floating customer service representative in Upstate New York. Michael Ewell s
 tenure dates to 2001 when he was a customer service representative at our State Street Albany branch. Michelle Simmonds became a clerk in the Deposit Operations Department in 1996, working in our Erie Boulevard location in Schenectady. Carly,
 Michael and Michelle all have held numerous titles over the years and now have key roles in Branch Administration, Compliance, and Retail Lending, respectively. Their stories are typical of people at Trustco Bank. A great many of our leaders,
 both established and up and-coming, have been with us for decades. Over time, people develop expertise and institutional knowledge that inure to the benefit of our customers and bring long-term value to our owners through our enduring
 corporate culture.

Well embedded in our culture is service to the community. As a company, we have supported veterans and active-duty service members, victims of natural disasters, aspiring homeowners, and residents of underserved
 communities. This year we also started the Hometown Pledge Program, which allows newly hired employees to direct a contribution to the community group of their choosing. Through this program, we have made 427 donations to 80 charities. 
 Participants report that they are excited that their new employer is empowering them to direct contributions to the organizations that are important to them.

Sadly, we also lost our longest-tenured employee this year. Mary-Jean Riley was a proud member of the TrustCo team for 47 years before her retirement in 2020. She mentored many members of our family with
 sincerity and grace. We are diminished by her passing, but are better for her many contributions.

More and more it seems that managing the uncertainty of the economic and interest-rate environments, evolving technologies, and the challenges presented by an ever-changing labor market are as much a part of what
 we do as designing loan and deposit products that serve the needs of our customers. Lesser groups have faltered when faced with such challenges, but what TrustCo accomplished in 2022 plainly demonstrates that our team is better than that. We
 look forward to the year, and years, to come with confidence that our products and our people are the best in the business and the certainty that Trustco Bank is well positioned to grow, evolve, and thrive for another century.

Yours sincerely,

Robert J. McCormick

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

TrustCo Bank Corp NY

Page 3 of 109 

Index 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The financial review which follows will focus on the factors affecting the financial condition and results of operations of TrustCo during 2022 and, in summary form, the two preceding years. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, net interest income and net interest margin are presented in this discussion on a non-GAAP, taxable equivalent basis. Balances discussed are daily averages unless otherwise described. The consolidated financial
 statements and related notes and the quarterly reports to shareholders for 2022 should be read in conjunction with this review. Reclassifications of prior year data are made where necessary to conform to the current year s presentation.

Financial Review

TrustCo made historic progress in 2022 posting record earnings while also celebrating our 120 th anniversary. 
 Among the key results for 2022, in management s view:

Net income after taxes was up 22.3 or 13.7 million to 75.2 million as compared to the prior year;

Period-end loans were up 294 million for 2022 compared to the prior year;

Net interest income was up 12.3 or 19.7 million as compared to the prior year;

Nonperforming loans declined 1.3 million or 6.7 to 17.5 million from year-end 2021 to year-end 2022;

At 50.22 , the efficiency ratio improved 12 over 2021 (see Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation), and;

The regulatory capital levels of both the Company and the Bank continued to remain very strong at December 31, 2022, and the Bank continues to meet the definition of well capitalized for regulatory
 purposes.

Management believes that the Company was able to achieve these accomplishments, by executing its long-term plan focused on traditional lending criteria and balance sheet management. 
 Achievement of specific business goals such as the continued expansion of loans, along with tight control of operating expenses and manageable levels of nonperforming assets, is fundamental to the long-term success of the Company as a whole.

Return on average equity was 12.60 in 2022 compared to 10.61 in 2021, while return on average assets was 1.22 in 2022 as compared to 1.01 in 2021.

Beginning in March 2020, we experienced negative impacts to our business in the form of requests for loan deferrals of principal and interest due to the business disruption caused by the
 COVID-19 pandemic. The Company evaluated the impact of the effects of COVID-19 and determined that there were no material or systematic adverse impacts on the Company s balance sheets and results of operations as of and for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, except for adjustments in the provision for loan losses. Additionally, we do not believe there exists any impairment to our goodwill, long-lived assets, right of use assets, held to maturity investment
 securities or available-for-sale investment securities. At this time, it is difficult to quantify the impact COVID-19 will have on future periods due to various uncertainties, including the duration, severity, spread, of potential variants and
 resurgences of COVID-19.

While the U.S. economy has experienced pockets of growth during 2022, such as the growth in GDP at an annual rate of 3.2 in the third quarter of 2022, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and
 increasing inflation, among other items, put pressure on the economy and growth decelerated compared to 2021. Commencing in March 2022, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC increased the target range for the federal funds rate seven
 times in 2022 by a total of 425 basis points, to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 as of end of 2022. At its meeting on February 1, 2023, the FOMC increased the target range for the federal funds by an additional 25 basis points, to a range of 4.50 to
 4.75 . All of these increases were expressly made in response to inflationary pressures, which are currently expected to continue. In its October 2022 Beige Book , the FRB noted that national economic activity had expanded at a modest pace
 since the previous report, while conditions varied across industries and districts. Rising mortgage rates and elevated housing prices further weakened single-family starts in the second half of 2022 and there were scattered reports of declining
 property prices. Commercial real estate slowed in both construction and sales amid supply shortages and elevated construction and borrowing costs.

Page 4 of 109 

Index 

For the year ending 2022, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 8.8 , as compared to growth of 18.7 in 2021. The S P 500 Index also was down 19.4 for the year, compared to
 growth of 26.9 in 2021. United States Three Month Treasury Bills experienced an increase in rates ending the year at 4.42 , 54 basis points ahead of the ten-year Treasury yield at year-end of 3.88 . These yields compare to 2021 year-end
 yields of 0.06 for the Three Month Treasury and 1.52 for the ten-year Treasury yields. These rates are important to the banking industry because deposit rates tend to track the changes in the shorter term Treasury markets and the mortgage
 loan products tend to track with the ten-year Treasury yields. Beginning in 2022 the yield on the two year Treasury bond was 0.73 and increased 368 basis points during the year to close 2022 at 4.41 and the ten-year Treasury bond began 2022
 at 1.52 and closed the year up 2.36 basis points to 3.88 at year-end. These rate changes have a significant implication to the broader economic cycle and reflect the Federal Reserve Board s desire to address the increase in inflation.

The outlook for the United States economy is anticipated to bring further deceleration in growth compared to 2022. Growth in business operations and expansion of corporate activities will
 be necessary for broad range increases in revenues and profits.

TrustCo like most other banking organizations prices, many of its liabilities (deposits and short term debt) off of the shorter end of the Treasury maturity curve. The average for the Three
 Month Treasury was 205 basis points higher in 2022 than in 2021, with the median yield of 1.83 in 2022 up 178 basis points over the median yield in 2021. These trends generally reflect an increase in the cost for deposit products that price
 off the short term treasury market yields. At the same time the average yield of the ten-year Treasury has increased to 2.95 in 2022, up 150 basis points from 2021 when the average was 1.45 . Generally longer term loans are priced consistent
 with the changes in the ten-year Treasury markets. These two trends higher shorter term rates coupled with an increase in longer term rates result in increases of both loan and deposit yields.

Management believes that TrustCo s long-term focus on traditional banking services has enabled the Company to avoid significant impact from asset quality problems, and the Company s strong
 liquidity and solid capital positions have allowed the Company to continue to conduct business in a manner consistent with past practices even in these uncertain times. While we continue to adhere to prudent underwriting standards, as a
 lender, we may be adversely impacted by general economic weaknesses and by a downturn in the housing markets in the areas we serve.

Overview

2022 results were marked by significant growth in the Company s loan portfolio. The loan portfolio grew to a total of 4.73 billion, an increase of 294 million or 6.6 over the 2021 year-end
 balance. Deposits ended 2021 at 5.19 billion, down from 5.27 billion the prior year-end. The year-over-year increase in loans reflects the success the Company has had in attracting customers to the Bank given its array of loan products. 
 Management believes that TrustCo s success is predicated on providing core banking services to a wider number of customers and continuing to provide added services to existing customers where possible. Growing the customer base should
 contribute to continued growth of loans and a renewed growth of deposits, as well as net interest income and non-interest income.

TrustCo earned a record net income of 75.2 million or 3.93 of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 61.5 million or 3.19 of diluted earnings per share
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net income before taxes was 99.4 million in 2022 compared to 82.1 million in 2021.

During 2022, the following items had a significant effect on net income:

An increase of 19.7 million in net interest income from 2021 to 2022 primarily as a result of the increased Federal Funds rate and loan growth;

a decrease in the credit for credit losses on loans of 5.1 million;

an increase in non-interest income of 1.3 million; and

a decrease in non-interest expense of 1.3 million.

Management believes that TrustCo performed well in comparison to its peers with respect to a number of key performance ratios during 2022 and 2021, including:

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 18.93 for 2022 and 19.54 for 2021, compared to medians of 12.22 in 2022 and 12.79 in 2021 for a peer group comprised of all publicly traded banks and thrifts
 tracked by S P Global Market Intelligence with assets of 2 billion to 10 billion, and

an efficiency ratio, as calculated by S P Global Market Intelligence, of 50.22 for 2022 and 56.90 for 2021, compared to the peer group medians of 56.32 in 2022 and 56.70 in 2021.

Page 5 of 109 

Index 

During 2022, TrustCo s results were affected by strong loan growth and a changing interest rate environment. Average loan balances increased 4.9 from 2021 to 2022,
 while the total of average Federal Funds Sold and other short-term investments, available for sale securities and held to maturity securities decreased 8.1 . Average net loans increased to 75.7 of average earning assets in 2022 from 73.2 in
 2021. On average for 2022, non-maturity deposits were 81.6 of total deposits, up from 77.5 in 2021. Overall, the cost of interest bearing liabilities decreased 2 basis points to 0.14 in 2022 as compared to 2021. The Company has
 traditionally maintained a high liquidity position and taken a conservative stance in its investment portfolio through the use of relatively short-term securities. The changing rate environment throughout 2022 and into 2023 will likely cause
 the cost of interest-bearing liabilities to increase.

As discussed previously, market interest rates moved significantly during the course of 2022, with shorter term Three Month Treasury rates and longer term rates also
 increasing year over year. However the slope of the yield curve flattened and became negative at times in 2022. The average daily spread between the ten-year Treasury and the two-year Treasury was negative 0.04 basis points in 2022, down from
 an average of 1.18 basis points in 2021 and 50 basis points in 2020. The spread between the ten-year Treasury and the two-year Treasury changed throughout the year but still ended 2022 at a negative 53 basis points. Generally, a more positive
 slope in the yield curve is beneficial for the Company s earnings derived from its core mix of loans and deposits; however, the increase in the shorter term Treasury rates outpaced the increase in the longer term rates, which resulted in an
 inverted yield curve, an indication of a possible recession.

The tables below illustrate the range of key Treasury bond interest rates during 2022 and 2021.

3 Month T 

 Bill (BEY)

2 Year T 

 Note

5 Year T 

 Note

10 Year T 

 Note

10 Year - 

 2 Year

Yield( 

Yield( 

Yield( 

Yield( 

Spread( 

2022 

Beginning of Year

0.06

0.73

1.26

1.52

0.79

Peak

4.46

4.72

4.45

4.25

0.89

Trough

0.08

0.77

1.37

1.63

(0.84

End of Year

4.42

4.41

3.99

3.88

(0.53

Average

2.09

2.99

3.00

2.95

(0.04

Median

1.83

3.03

3.00

2.96

(0.01

2021 

Beginning of Year

0.09

0.13

0.36

0.93

0.80

Peak

0.09

0.76

1.34

1.74

1.59

Trough

0.01

0.09

0.36

0.93

0.72

End of Year

0.06

0.73

1.26

1.52

0.79

Average

0.04

0.27

0.86

1.45

1.18

Median

0.05

0.20

0.83

1.48

1.14

Source: www.treasury.gov

TrustCo focuses on providing high quality service to the communities served by its branch banking network. The financial results for the Company are influenced by economic events that affect
 those communities, as well as national economic trends, primarily interest rates, affecting the entire banking industry.

The Company remains focused on building its customer relationships, deposits and loans throughout its branch network, with a particular emphasis on the newest branches added to our network in
 recent years.

The Company continually looks for opportunities to open new offices each year by filling in or extending existing markets. The Company has experienced continued growth
 in all markets as measured by the growth in our loan balances. All branches have the same products and features found at other Trustco Bank locations. Additionally, over the last several years the Company has made significant investments in
 the online and mobile banking platforms, including new automated tools. With a combination of competitive rates, excellent service, technology, and convenient locations, management believes that as branches mature, they will continue to
 attract deposit and loan customers. As expected, some branches have grown more rapidly than others. Generally, new bank branches continue to grow for years after being opened, although there is no specific time frame that could be
 characterized as typical.

Page 6 of 109 

Index 

Asset/Liability Management

In managing its balance sheet, TrustCo utilizes funding and capital sources within sound credit, investment, interest rate, and liquidity risk guidelines established by management and
 approved by the Board of Directors. Loans and securities (including Federal Funds sold and other short-term investments) are the Company s primary earning assets. Average interest earning assets were 97.7 and 97.6 of average total assets
 for 2022 and 2021, respectively.

TrustCo, through its management of liabilities, attempts to provide stable and flexible sources of funding within established liquidity and interest rate risk guidelines. This is accomplished
 through core deposit banking products offered within the markets served by the Company. TrustCo does not actively seek to attract out of area deposits or so called hot money, but rather focuses on core relationships with both depositors and
 borrowers.

TrustCo s objectives in managing its balance sheet are to limit the sensitivity of net interest income to actual or potential changes in interest rates and to enhance profitability through
 strategies that should provide sufficient reward for predicted and controlled risk. The Company is deliberate in its efforts to maintain adequate liquidity under prevailing and projected economic conditions and to maintain an efficient and
 appropriate mix of core deposit relationships. The Company relies on traditional banking investment instruments and its large base of core deposits to help in asset/liability management. Predicting the impact of changing rates on the
 Company s net interest income and net fair value of its balance sheet is complex and subject to uncertainty for a number of reasons. For example, in making a general assumption that rates will rise, a myriad of other assumptions regarding
 whether the slope of the yield curve remains the same or changes, whether the spreads of various loans, deposits and investments remain unchanged, widen or narrow and what changes occur in customer behavior all need to be made. The Company
 routinely models various rate change assumptions to determine expected impact on net interest income.

Interest Rates

TrustCo competes with other financial service providers based upon many factors including quality of service, convenience of operations and rates paid on deposits and charged on loans. The
 absolute level of interest rates, changes in rates and customers expectations with respect to the direction of interest rates have a significant impact on the volume of loan and deposit originations in any particular year.

Interest rates have a significant impact on the operations and financial results of all financial services companies. One of the most important interest rates used to control national economic
 policy is the Federal Funds rate. This is the interest rate utilized within the banking system for overnight borrowings for institutions with the highest credit rating. From December 2015 through December 2018, the U.S. Federal Reserve
 Board increased its federal funds target rate from a range of 0.00 - 0.25 to a range of 2.25 - 2.50 . Beginning in the second half of 2019, the Federal Reserve Board began lowering the rate in response to a slowing economy. During the first
 quarter of 2020 the rate was significantly decreased again as a result of the global pandemic related to COVID-19, and returned the range of 0.00 to 0.25 . However, in an effort address the rising rate of inflation, the Federal Funds rate
 increased to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 by the end of 2022, and it further increased to a range of 4.50 to 4.75 in February 2023.

The yield on the ten-year Treasury bond increased by 236 basis points from 1.52 at the beginning of 2022 to the year end level of 3.88 . The rate on the ten-year Treasury bond and other
 long-term interest rates have a significant influence on the rates offered for new residential real estate loans. These changes in interest rates have an effect on the Company relative to the interest income on loans, securities, and Federal
 Funds sold and on other short-term instruments as well as the interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Residential real estate loans and longer term investments are most affected by the changes in longer term market interest rates such as
 the ten year Treasury. The Federal Funds sold portfolio and other short term investments are affected primarily by changes in the Federal Funds target rate. Deposit interest rates are most affected by short term market interest rates. Also,
 changes in interest rates have an effect on the recorded balance of the securities available for sale portfolio, which are recorded at fair value. Generally, as market interest rates decrease, the fair value of the securities will increase and
 the reverse is also generally applicable. Interest rates on new residential real estate loan originations are also influenced by the rates established by secondary market participants such as Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. TrustCo is primarily a
 portfolio lender and has not yet to date sold loans into the secondary market. The Company establishes rates that management determines are appropriate in light of the long-term nature of residential real estate loans while remaining
 competitive with the secondary market rates. The Company has begun to originate loans for sale into the secondary market. This will allow the Company greater flexibility going forward with respect to mortgage rate volatility and the loans we
 choose to portfolio. Higher market interest rates also generally increase the value of retail deposits.

Page 7 of 109 

Index 

The increase in the Federal Funds target range in 2022 continues to have a positive impact on earnings and on the Company s cash position. The net effect of market changes in interest rates
 during 2020 was that yields earned on both the investment portfolios and loans remained quite low in 2020 and 2021 relative to historic levels, which also had driven down deposit costs. However, as interest rates have increased throughout 2022
 and into 2023, we have experienced increased yields on our Federal Fund Sold and other short-term investments, investment portfolios, loans, and deposits.

Earning Assets

Average earning assets during 2022 were 6.0 billion, which was an increase of 86.8 million from 2021. This increase was primarily the result of growth in the average balance of net loans
 of 214.4 million and securities available for sale of 17.5 million, offset by decreases of 142.2 million in Federal Funds Sold and other short-term investments and 3.1 million in held-to-maturity securities between 2021 and 2022. The
 increase in the average loan portfolio is the result of an increase in residential mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and installment loans, which more than offset a decrease in commercial loans. The increase in residential real
 estate loans is a result of a strategic focus on growth of this product throughout the Trustco Bank branch network through an effective marketing campaign, competitive rates, and closing costs.

Total average assets were 6.2 billion for 2022 and 6.1 billion for 2021.

The table Mix of Average Earning Assets shows how the mix of the earning assets has changed over the last three years. While the growth in earning assets is critical to improved
 profitability, changes in the mix also have a significant impact on income levels, as discussed below.

MIX OF AVERAGE EARNING ASSETS

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Components of

vs.

vs.

Total Earning Assets

2022

2021

2020

2021

2020

2022

2021

2020

Loans, net

4,551,281

4,336,834

4,163,399

214,447

173,435

75.7

73.2

77.2

Securities available for sale (1):

U.S. government sponsored enterprises

89,557

63,743

38,508

25,814

25,235

1.5

1.1

0.7

State and political subdivisions

41

48

111

(7

(63

-

-

-

Mortgage-backed securities and

collateralized mortgage obligations-

residential

284,901

308,777

333,093

(23,876

(24,316

4.7

5.2

6.2

Corporate bonds

78,266

53,699

50,982

24,567

2,717

1.3

0.9

0.9

Small Business Administration-guaranteed

participation securities

26,679

35,723

44,379

(9,044

(8,656

0.4

0.6

0.8

Other

686

685

686

1

(1

-

-

-

Total securities available for sale

480,130

462,675

467,759

17,455

(5,084

7.9

7.8

8.6

Held-to-maturity securities:

Mortgage-backed securities and

collateralized mortgage obligations-residential

8,647

11,733

16,376

(3,086

(4,643

0.1

0.2

0.3

Total held-to-maturity securities

8,647

11,733

16,376

(3,086

(4,643

0.1

0.2

0.3

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home

Loan Bank stock

5,749

5,578

7,381

171

(1,803

0.1

0.1

0.1

Federal funds sold and other short-term

investments

969,043

1,111,257

748,085

(142,214

363,172

16.2

18.7

13.8

Total earning assets

6,014,850

5,928,077

5,403,000

86,773

525,077

100.0

100.0

100.0

(1) The average balances of securities available for sale are presented using amortized cost for these securities.

Loans

In 2022, the Company experienced another year of significant loan growth. The 294.4 million increase or 6.6 in the Company s gross loan portfolio from December 31, 2021 to December 31,
 2022 was due to higher balances in all loan categories except for home equity loans. Average loans increased 214.4 million during 2022 to 4.55 billion. Interest income on the loan portfolio increased to 162.2 million in 2022 from 159.2
 million in 2021. The average yield decreased 11 basis points to 3.56 in 2022 compared to 3.67 in 2021.

Page 8 of 109 

Index 

LOAN PORTFOLIO

(dollars in thousands)

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Commercial

208,737

4.4

180,814

4.1

198,328

4.7

Real estate - construction

36,351

0.8

37,279

0.8

24,749

0.6

Real estate - mortgage

4,189,374

88.5

3,980,294

89.7

3,769,582

88.8

Home equity lines of credit

286,432

6.0

230,976

5.2

242,194

5.7

Installment loans

12,307

0.3

9,416

0.2

9,617

0.2

Total loans

4,733,201

100.0

4,438,779

100.0

4,244,470

100.0

Less: Allowance for loan losses

46,032

44,267

49,595

Net loans (1)

4,687,169

4,394,512

4,194,875

Average Balances

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Commercial

185,314

4.1

193,370

4.5

203,314

4.9

176,165

4.5

175,814

4.7

Real estate - construction

36,815

0.8

31,014

0.7

26,641

0.6

27,728

0.7

26,717

0.7

Real estate - mortgage

4,065,135

89.3

3,870,097

89.2

3,667,909

88.2

3,433,683

87.4

3,236,631

86.5

Home equity lines of credit

254,168

5.6

233,628

5.4

255,583

6.1

277,905

7.1

297,678

7.9

Installment loans

9,849

0.2

8,725

0.2

9,952

0.2

10,718

0.3

9,242

0.2

Total loans

4,551,281

100.0

4,336,834

100.0

4,163,399

100.0

3,926,199

100.0

3,746,082

100.0

Less: Allowance for loan losses

46,124

49,421

47,330

44,639

44,651

Net loans (1)

4,505,157

4,287,413

4,116,069

3,881,560

3,701,431

(1) Presented net of deferred direct loan origination fees and costs.

Through marketing, pricing and a customer-friendly service delivery network, TrustCo has attempted to distinguish itself from other mortgage lenders by highlighting the uniqueness of its loan products, and also by
 offering competitive interest rates to expand the loan portfolio. Specifically, low closing costs, no escrow or private mortgage insurance, quick loan decisions and fast closings were identified and marketed. The fact that the Company holds
 mortgages in its loan portfolio rather than selling them into secondary markets was also highlighted to customers. The average balance of residential real estate mortgage loans was approximately 4.07 billion in 2022 and approximately 3.88
 billion in 2021. Income on real estate loans increased to 140.4 million in 2022 from 138.8 million in 2021. The yield on the portfolio decreased from 3.57 in 2021 to 3.44 in 2022. The vast majority of TrustCo s real estate loans are
 secured by properties within the Bank s market areas.

TrustCo does not make subprime loans or purchase investments collateralized by subprime loans. A loan may be considered subprime for a number of reasons, but effectively subprime loans are
 loans where the certainty of repayment of principal and interest is lower than for a traditional prime loan due to the structure of the loan itself, the credit worthiness of the borrower, the underwriting standards of the lender or some
 combination of these. For instance, adjustable loans underwritten at initial low teaser rates instead of the fully indexed rate and loans to borrowers with poor payment history would generally be classified as subprime. TrustCo underwrites
 its loan originations in a traditional manner, focusing on key factors that have proven to result in good credit decisions, rather than relying on automated systems or basing decisions primarily on one factor, such as a borrower s credit score.

Average commercial loans of 206.1 million in 2022 decreased by 4.0 million from 210.1 million in 2021, primarily because of PPP loan payoffs. Average commercial loans included 22.3 million
 and 19.4 million of commercial real estate construction loans in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The average yield on the commercial loan portfolio decreased to 4.93 for 2022 from 5.19 in 2021, primarily as a result of more PPP loans being
 forgiven during 2021. Interest income on commercial loans was 10.2 million in 2022 compared to 10.9 million in 2021, down primarily as a result of more income recognized on the forgiveness of the PPP loans in 2021 as compared to 2022.

TrustCo s commercial lending activities are focused on balancing the Company s commitment to meeting the credit needs of businesses in its market areas with the necessity of managing its credit
 risk. In accordance with these goals, the Company has consistently emphasized the origination of loans within its market areas. TrustCo s commercial loan portfolio contains no foreign loans, nor does it contain any significant concentrations
 of credit to any single borrower or industry. The Capital Region commercial loan portfolio reflects the diversity of businesses found in the market area, including light manufacturing, retail, service, and real estate-related businesses. 
 Commercial loans made in the downstate New York market area and in the central Florida market area also reflect the businesses in those areas, with a focus on real estate. TrustCo strives to maintain strong asset quality in all segments of its
 loan portfolio, especially commercial loans. There is significant competition for commercial loans in the Bank s market regions.

TrustCo has a strong position in the home equity credit line product in its market area. During 2022, the average balance of home equity credit lines was 254.2 million, an increase from
 233.6 million in 2021. Trustco Bank competes with both regional and national companies for these lines of credit and faces stiff competition with respect to interest rates, closing costs, and customer service for these loans. TrustCo
 continuously reviews changes made by competitors with respect to the home equity credit line product and adjusts its offerings to remain competitive while meeting evolving needs. TrustCo s average yield on this portfolio was 4.31 for 2022 and
 3.77 for 2021 reflecting increases in the prime lending rate that occurred in 2022. Interest income on home equity credit lines increased from 8.8 million in 2021 to 11.0 million in 2022.

Page 9 of 109 

Index 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately 36.4 million and 37.3 million of real estate construction loans, respectively. Of the 36.4 million in real estate construction
 loans at December 31, 2022, approximately 14.1 million was secured by first mortgages to residential borrowers with the remaining 22.3 million were loans to commercial borrowers for residential construction projects. Of the 37.3 million in
 real estate construction loans at December 31, 2021, approximately 17.9 million was secured by first mortgages to residential borrowers and the remaining 19.4 million were loans to commercial borrowers for residential construction projects. 
 The vast majority of the Company s construction loans are in the Company s New York market.

LOAN MATURITY SCHEDULE

The following table sets forth the maturities of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Loans having no stated maturity and overdrafts are shown as due in one year or less. Loans are
 stated in the following table at contractual maturity and actual maturities could differ due to prepayments.

(dollars in thousands)

Amounts Due:

Total Due

Within 1 Year

1 to 5 Years

5 to 15 Years

Over 15 Years

After 1 Year

Total

Commercial

14,965

41,802

134,926

18,229

194,957

209,922

Commercial - other

10,712

7,582

2,766

29

10,377

21,089

First Mortgage

3,069

12,622

507,874

3,623,337

4,143,833

4,146,902

Home Equity Loans

119

1,937

24,942

29,551

56,430

56,549

Home Equity Lines of Credit

3,031

93,459

119,102

70,840

283,401

286,432

Installment

1,616

8,600

2,091

-

10,691

12,307

33,512

166,002

791,701

3,741,986

4,699,689

4,733,201

The following table shows the loans as of December 31, 2022 due after December 31, 2023 according to type and loan category:

Floating or

(dollars in thousands)

Fixed Rates

Adjustable Rates

Total

Commercial

191,473

3,484

194,957

Commercial - other

8,232

2,145

10,377

First Mortgage

4,143,833

-

4,143,833

Home Equity Loans

56,430 

-

56,430 

Home Equity Lines of Credit

66,123

217,278

283,401

Installment

10,691

-

10,691

4,476,782

222,907

4,699,689

Page 10 of 109 

Index 

The following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair value of our securities portfolio at the dates indicated:

INVESTMENT SECURITIES

(dollars in thousands)

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Amortized

Fair

Amortized

Fair

Amortized

Fair

Cost

Value

Cost

Value

Cost

Value

Securities available for sale:

U. S. government sponsored

 enterprises

124,123

118,187

59,976

59,179

20,000

19,968

State and political subdivisions

34

34

41

41

103

103

Mortgage backed securities and

 collateralized

 mortgage obligations-residential

291,431

260,316

269,907

270,798

308,432

316,158

Corporate bonds

85,641

81,346

45,805

45,337

59,185

59,939

Small Business Adminstration-

 guaranteed

 participation securities

23,115

20,977

31,303

31,674

40,955

42,217

Other

686

653

685

684

685

686

Total securities available for sale

525,030

481,513

407,717

407,713

429,360

439,071

Held to maturity securities:

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized

 mortgage obligations-residential

7,707

7,580

9,923

10,695

13,824

14,988

Total held to maturity securities

7,707

7,580

9,923

10,695

13,824

14,988

Total investment securities

532,737

489,093

417,640

418,408

443,184

454,059

Securities available for sale: The portfolio of securities available for sale is designed to provide a stable source of interest income and liquidity. The portfolio is also managed by the
 Company to take advantage of changes in interest rates and is particularly important in providing greater flexibility in the current increasing interest rate environment. The securities available for sale portfolio is managed under a policy
 detailing the types and characteristics acceptable in the portfolio. Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations held in the portfolio include only pass throughs issued by United States government agencies or sponsored
 enterprises.

Holdings of various types of securities may vary from year to year depending on management s assessment of relative risk and reward, and also due to the timing of calls,
 maturities, prepayments and purchases. Holdings of both municipal and corporate securities are subject to additional monitoring requirements under current regulations, adding to the costs of owning those securities.

Proceeds from sales, calls and maturities of securities available for sale have been typically invested in higher yielding assets, such as loans, or temporarily held in
 Federal Funds sold and other short-term investments until deployed to fund future loan growth or future investment opportunities.

The designation of securities as available for sale is made at the time of purchase, based upon management s intent and ability to hold the securities for an indefinite
 period of time. These securities are available for sale in response to changes in market interest rates, related changes in prepayment risk, needs for liquidity, or changes in the availability of and yield on alternative investments. At
 December 31, 2022, some securities in this portfolio had fair values that were less than the amortized cost due to changes in interest rates and market conditions and not related to the credit condition of the issuers. At December 31, 2022,
 the Company did not intend to sell, and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell, these securities before market recovery. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 the Company did not consider any of the unrealized losses to be
 other than temporary.

At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of securities available for sale amounted to 481.5 million, compared to 407.7 million at year-end 2021. For 2022, the average
 balance of securities available for sale was 480.1 million with an average yield of 1.97 , compared to an average balance in 2021 of 462.7 million with an average yield of 1.44 . The taxable equivalent income earned on the securities
 available for sale portfolio in 2022 was 9.4 million, compared to 6.7 million earned in 2021.

Securities available for sale are recorded at their fair value, with any unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes, recognized as a component of shareholders equity. 
 Average balances of securities available for sale are stated at amortized cost. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of TrustCo s portfolio of securities available for sale carried gross unrealized gains of approximately 35 thousand and gross
 unrealized losses of approximately 43.6 million. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of TrustCo s portfolio of securities available for sale carried gross unrealized gains of approximately 3.9 million and gross unrealized losses of
 approximately 3.9 million. As previously noted, in both periods, unrealized losses were related to market interest rate levels and were not credit related.

Page 11 of 109 

Index 

Held to Maturity Securities: At December 31, 2022, the Company held 7.7 million of held to maturity securities, compared to 9.9 million at December 31, 2021. For
 2022, the average balance of held to maturity securities was 8.6 million, compared to 11.7 million in 2021. Similar to securities available for sale, cash flow from these securities has been reinvested in higher yielding assets, such as
 loans, or temporarily held in Federal Funds Sold and other short-term investments to fund future loan growth or future investment opportunities. The average yield on held to maturity securities increased slightly from 3.71 in 2021 to 3.97 in
 2022 due primarily to normal pay downs and prepayments on the mortgage-backed securities held in the portfolio. Interest income on held to maturity securities declined from 435 thousand in 2021 to 343 thousand in 2022, reflecting the decline
 in average balances. Held to maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost. The fair value of these securities as of December 31, 2022 was 7.6 million.

The designation of securities as held to maturity is made at the time of purchase, based upon management s intent and ability to hold the securities until final
 maturity. At December 31, 2022 there were 217 thousand of unrecognized losses and 90 thousand of unrecognized gains on securities in this portfolio.

Securities Gains: During 2022 and 2021, TrustCo did not recognize any net gains from securities transactions. During 2020, TrustCo recognized approximately 1.2 million
 from net gains from securities transactions. There were no sales or transfers of held to maturity securities in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

TrustCo has not invested in any exotic investment products such as interest rate swaps, forward placement contracts, or other instruments commonly referred to as
 derivatives. In addition, the Company has not invested in securities backed by subprime mortgages or in collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). By actively managing a portfolio of high quality securities, TrustCo believes it can meet the
 objectives of asset/liability management and liquidity, while at the same time producing a reasonably predictable earnings stream.

Page 12 of 109 

Index 

SECURITIES PORTFOLIO MATURITY DISTRIBUTION AND YIELD

(dollars in thousands)

As of December 31, 2022

Maturing:

After 1

After 5

Within

But Within

But Within

After

Debt securities available for sale:

1 Year

5 Years

10 Years

10 Years

Total

U. S. government sponsored enterprises

Amortized cost

-

124,123

-

-

124,123

Fair Value

-

118,187

-

-

118,187

Weighted average yield

-

2.61

-

-

2.61

State and political subdivisions

Amortized cost

8

26

-

-

34

Fair Value

8

26

-

-

34

Weighted average yield

5.23

5.27

-

-

5.26

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations-residential

Amortized cost

28

136,576

154,827

-

291,431

Fair Value

28

125,376

134,912

-

260,316

Weighted average yield

1.70

2.27

2.80

-

2.56

Corporate bonds

Amortized cost

5,000

80,641

-

-

85,641

Fair Value

4,975

76,371

-

-

81,346

Weighted average yield

3.77

2.37

-

-

2.45

Small Business Administration-guaranteed participation securities

Amortized cost

23,115

-

-

-

23,115

Fair Value

20,977

-

-

-

20,977

Weighted average yield

2.12

-

-

-

2.12

Other

Amortized cost

36

650

-

-

686

Fair Value

36

617

-

-

653

Weighted average yield

0.01

2.21

-

-

2.09

Total securities available for sale

Amortized cost

28,187

342,016

154,827

-

525,030

Fair Value

26,024

320,577

134,912

-

481,513

Weighted average yield

2.41

2.41

2.80

-

2.53

Held to maturity securities: 

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations-residential

Amortized cost

- 

199 

2,886 

4,622 

7,707 

Fair Value

- 

193 

2,697 

4,690 

7,580 

Weighted average yield

- 

4.58 

2.91 

5.48 

4.96 

Total held to maturity securities

Amortized cost

- 

199 

2,886 

4,622 

7,707 

Fair Value

- 

193 

2,697 

4,690 

7,580 

Weighted average yield

- 

4.58 

2.91 

5.48 

4.96 

Weighted average yields have not been adjusted for any tax-equivalent factor.

Maturity and call dates of securities: Many of the securities in the Company s portfolios have a call date in addition to the stated maturity date. Call dates allow the issuer to redeem the
 bonds prior to maturity at specified dates and at predetermined prices. Normally, securities are redeemed at the call date when the issuer can reissue the security at a lower interest rate. Therefore, for cash flow, liquidity and interest
 rate management purposes, it is important to monitor both maturity dates and call dates. The level of calls in 2020 was higher than the 2021 and 2022 levels due to the significant reduction in interest rates in early 2020 as a result of the
 pandemic. Given the current interest rate environment, the probability of future calls will depend on market interest rate levels. The tables labeled Securities Portfolio Maturity and Call Date Distribution, show the distribution, based on
 both final maturity and call date of each security, broken out by the available for sale and held to maturity portfolios as of December 31, 2022. Mortgage backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and Small Business Administration
 securities are reported using an estimate of average life. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because of securities prepayments and the right of certain issuers to call or prepay their obligations without penalty. The
 table, Securities Portfolio Maturity Distribution and Yield, shows the distribution of maturities for each of the securities portfolios, based on final maturity, as well as the average yields at December 31, 2022 on each type/maturity
 grouping.

Page 13 of 109 

Index 

SECURITIES PORTFOLIO MATURITY AND CALL DATE DISTRIBUTION

Debt securities available for sale:

(dollars in thousands)

As of December 31, 2022

Based on

Based on

Final Maturity

Call Date

Amortized

Fair

Amortized

Fair

Cost

Value

Cost

Value

Within 1 year

5,044

5,020

187,466

177,157

1 to 5 years

207,516

197,147

182,738

169,444

5 to 10 years

66,853

61,598

154,826

134,912

After 10 years

245,617

217,748

-

-

Total debt securities available for sale

525,030

481,513

525,030

481,513

Held to maturity securities:

(dollars in thousands)

As of December 31, 2022

Based on

Based on

Final Maturity

Call Date

Amortized

Fair

Amortized

Fair

Cost

Value

Cost

Value

Within 1 year

-

-

16

16

1 to 5 years

199

193

6,410

6,262

5 to 10 years

2,886

2,697

1,281

1,302

After 10 years

4,622

4,690

-

-

Total held to maturity securities

7,707

7,580

7,707

7,580

Federal Funds Sold and Other Short-term Investments

During 2022, the average balance of Federal Funds sold and other short-term investments was 969 million, a decrease from 1.1 billion in 2021. The average rate earned on
 these assets was 1.47 in 2022 and 0.13 in 2021. TrustCo utilizes this category of earning assets as a means of maintaining strong liquidity. The Federal Funds sold and other short-term investments portfolio is significantly affected by
 changes in the target Federal Funds rate, as are virtually all short-term interest-sensitive instruments.

The year-end balance of Federal Funds sold and other short-term investments was approximately 607 million for 2022, compared to 1.2 billion at year-end 2021. While yields on investment
 securities with acceptable risk characteristics were insufficient to justify shifting overnight liquidity into other investment types during 2022, some funds were shifted into higher yielding loans. Management will continue to evaluate the
 overall level of Federal Funds sold and other short-term investments in 2023 and will make appropriate adjustments based upon market opportunities and interest rates.

Funding Sources

TrustCo utilizes various traditional sources of funds to support its earning asset portfolio. The table, Mix of Average Sources of Funding, presents the various categories of funds used and
 the corresponding average balances for each of the last three years.

Deposits: Average total deposits were approximately 5.3 billion in 2022, compared to approximately 5.2 billion in 2021, an increase of 114.1 million. Changes in deposit categories (average
 balances 2022 versus 2021) included: demand deposits up 88.8 million, interest-bearing checking deposits up 55.6 million, savings up 155.6 million, money market up 6.6 million and time deposits down 192.5 million. While many customers
 remain in one product type for many years, others may move funds between product types to maximize the yield earned or as a result of increased or decreased liquidity needs. The balance in time deposits over 250 thousand is not the result of
 any incentive pricing as TrustCo does not offer premium rates on large certificates of deposit.

Page 14 of 109 

Index 

MIX OF AVERAGE SOURCES OF FUNDING

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Components of

vs.

vs.

Total Funding

2022

2021

2020

2021

2020

2022

2021

2020

Retail deposits

Demand deposits

838,944

750,111

567,265

88,833

182,846

15.30

13.8

9.4

Savings

1,553,016

1,397,432

1,191,532

155,584

205,900

28.30

25.8

24.8

Time deposits under 250 thousand

755,842

964,541

1,126,636

(208,698

(162,095

13.80

17.8

26.0

Interest bearing checking accounts

1,190,337

1,134,702

971,385

55,635

163,317

21.70

20.9

19.1

Money market deposits

745,714

739,139

662,107

6,575

77,032

13.60

13.6

12.2

Total retail deposits

5,083,853

4,985,925

4,518,925

97,929

467,000

92.70

91.9

91.5

Time deposits over 250 thousand

218,586

202,422

223,527

16,163

(21,105

4.00

3.7

5.0

Short-term borrowings

177,599

232,815

180,065

(55,216

52,750

3.30

4.4

3.5

Total purchased liabilities

396,185

435,237

403,592

(39,053

31,645

7.30

8.1

8.5

Total sources of funding

5,480,038

5,421,162

4,922,517

58,876

498,645

100.00

100.0

100.0

Page 15 of 109 

Index 

AVERAGE BALANCES, YIELDS AND NET INTEREST MARGINS

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Interest

Interest

Interest

Average

Income/

Average

Average

Income/

Average

Average

Income/

Average

Balance

Expense

Rate

Balance

Expense

Rate

Balance

Expense

Rate

Assets

Loans, net

4,551,281

162,214

3.56

4,336,834

159,168

3.67

4,163,399

165,964

3.99

Securities available for sale:

U.S. government sponsored enterprises

89,557

1,405

1.57

63,743

314

0.49

38,508

568

1.48

State and political subdivisions

41

3

6.66

48

3

6.56

111

9

7.82

Mortgage backed securities and

 collateralized mortgage obligations-residential

284,901

5,677

1.99

308,777

4,515

1.46

333,093

6,131

1.84

Corporate bonds

78,266

1,804

2.31

53,699

1,065

1.98

50,982

1,721

3.38

Small Business Administration- 

 guaranteed participation securities

26,679

551

2.07

35,723

745

2.09

44,379

902

2.03

Other

686

9

1.31

685

20

2.92

686

23

3.35

Total securities available for sale

480,130

9,449

1.97

462,675

6,662

1.44

467,759

9,354

2.00

Held to maturity securities:

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations-residential

8,647

343

3.97

11,733

435

3.71

16,376

604

3.69

Total held to maturity securities

8,647

343

3.97

11,733

435

3.71

16,376

604

3.69

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home

Loan Bank stock

5,749

305

5.31

5,578

260

4.66

7,381

421

5.70

Federal funds sold and other short-term

investments

969,043

14,292

1.47

1,111,257

1,458

0.13

748,085

1,948

0.26

Total interest earning assets

6,014,850

186,603

3.10

5,928,077

167,983

2.83

5,403,000

178,291

3.30

Allowance for loan losses

(46,124

(49,421

(47,330

Cash and noninterest earning assets

190,278

196,825

197,966

Total assets

6,159,004

6,075,481

5,553,636

Liabilities and shareholders' equity

Interest bearing deposits:

Interest bearing checking accounts

1,190,337

190

0.02

1,134,702

178

0.02

971,385

148

0.02

Savings

1,553,016

920

0.06

1,397,432

624

0.04

1,191,532

716

0.06

Time deposits and money markets

1,720,142

4,617

0.27

1,906,102

5,863

0.31

2,012,270

22,834

1.13

Total interest bearing deposits

4,463,495

5,727

0.13

4,438,236

6,665

0.15

4,175,187

23,698

0.57

Short-term borrowings

177,599

740

0.42

232,815

909

0.39

180,065

1,010

0.56

Total interest bearing liabilities

4,641,094

6,467

0.14

4,671,051

7,574

0.16

4,355,252

24,708

0.57

Demand deposits

838,944

750,111

567,265

Other liabilities

81,880

74,396

77,487

Shareholders' equity

597,086

579,923

553,632

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity

6,159,004

6,075,481

5,553,636

Net interest income

180,136

160,409

153,583

Taxable equivalent adjustment

(1

(1

(3

Net interest income

180,135

160,408

153,580

Net interest spread

2.96

2.67

2.73

Net interest margin (net interest income

to total interest earnings assets)

2.99

2.71

2.84

Portions of income earned on certain commercial loans, obligations of states and political subdivisions, and equity securities are exempt from federal and/or state taxation. Appropriate
 adjustments have been made to reflect the equivalent amount of taxable income that would have been necessary to generate an equal amount of after tax income. Federal and state tax rates used to calculate income tax on a tax equivalent basis
 were 21 and 6 , respectively, for 2022, 2021 and 2020. The average balances of securities available for sale and held to maturity were calculated using amortized costs. Included in the average balance of shareholders equity is (22.0)
 million, 3.3 million, and 7.1 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, of net unrealized gain (loss), net of tax, in the available for sale securities portfolio. The gross amounts of the net unrealized income (loss) has been included
 in cash and noninterest earning assets. Nonaccrual loans are included in average loans.

The overall cost of interest bearing deposits decreased slightly as a result of lower deposit rates during the first half of the year, however, during the second half of the year the Company
 began to raise rates in response to the rising interest rate environment. The Company strives to maintain competitive rates on deposit accounts and to attract customers through a combination of competitive interest rates, quality customer
 service, and convenient banking locations. In this fashion, management believes TrustCo is able to attract deposit customers looking for a long-term banking relationship and to cross-sell banking services utilizing the deposit account
 relationship as the starting point. Given the current interest rate environment, the Company expects the cost of interest bearing deposits to increase in 2023.

Other funding sources: The Company had 177.6 million of average short term borrowings outstanding during 2022, compared to 232.8 million in 2021. The decrease over the prior year is
 attributable to customer behavior and the products they choose. These borrowings represent customer repurchase accounts, which behave more like deposit accounts than traditional borrowings. The average cost of short-term borrowings was 0.42 
 in 2022 and 0.39 in 2021. This resulted in interest expense of approximately 740 thousand in 2022, compared to 909 thousand in 2021.

Page 16 of 109 

Index 

AVERAGE DEPOSITS BY TYPE OF DEPOSITOR

(dollars in thousands)

Years ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Individuals, partnerships and corporations

5,262,996

5,144,071

4,700,635

4,380,866

4,184,850

States and political subdivisions

14,854

15,761

15,709

8,663

3,007

Other (certified and official checks, etc.)

24,589

28,515

26,108

19,531

18,720

Total average deposits by type of depositor

5,302,439

5,188,347

4,742,452

4,409,060

4,206,577

MATURITY OF TIME DEPOSITS IN EXCESS OF THE FDIC INSURANCE LIMIT

(dollars in thousands)

As of December 31, 2022

Under 3 months

28,788

3 to 6 months

50,154

6 to 12 months

77,335

Over 12 months

93,748

Total

250,025

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 968.6 million and 705.5 million, respectively, of our deposit portfolio was uninsured. The uninsured amounts are estimates based on the methodologies and
 assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting requirements.

VOLUME AND YIELD ANALYSIS

(dollars in thousands)

2022 vs. 2021

2021 vs. 2020

Increase

Due to

Due to

Increase

Due to

Due to

(Decrease)

Volume

Rate

(Decrease)

Volume

Rate

Interest income (TE):

Federal funds sold and other short-term

investments

12,834

(211

13,045

(490

714

(1,204

Securities available for sale:

Taxable

2,787

157

2,630

(2,686

(266

(2,420

Tax-exempt

-

0

(0

(6

(5

(1

Total securities available for sale

2,787

157

2,630

(2,692

(271

(2,421

Held to maturity securities (taxable)

(92

(121

29

(169

(172

3

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home

Loan Bank stock

45

8

37

(161

(92

(69

Loans, net

3,046

7,572

(4,526

(6,796

6,391

(13,187

Total interest income

18,620

7,405

11,215

(10,308

6,570

(16,878

Interest expense:

Interest bearing checking accounts

12

9

3

30

26

4

Savings

296

76

220

(92

111

(203

Time deposits and money markets

(1,246

(747

(499

(16,971

(2,061

(14,910

Short-term borrowings

(169

(227

58

(101

251

(352

Total interest expense

(1,107

(889

(218

(17,134

(1,673

(15,461

Net interest income (TE)

19,727

8,294

11,433

6,826

8,243

(1,417

Page 17 of 109 

Index 

Capital Resources

Consistent with its long-term goal of operating a sound and profitable financial organization, TrustCo strives to maintain strong capital ratios and to qualify Trustco Bank
 as a well-capitalized institution in accordance with federal regulatory requirements. Historically, most of the Company s capital requirements have been provided through retained earnings.

Both TrustCo and Trustco Bank are subject to regulatory capital requirements. The regulatory capital rules contain a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0 of consolidated assets, a common equity
 Tier 1 minimum capital requirement of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets, a minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets requirement of 6.0 of risk-weighted assets, and a total risk-based capital ratio or 8.0 of risk-weighted assets. In addition,
 the Company and the Bank are required to maintain additional levels of Tier 1 common equity (known as the capital conservation buffer) above the minimum risk-based capital levels in order to avoid restrictions on dividends, repurchase shares,
 or payment of discretionary bonuses.

As of December 31, 2022, the capital levels of both TrustCo and the Bank exceeded the minimum standards, including with the capital conservation buffer taken into account.

Under the OCC s prompt corrective action regulations, a bank is deemed to be well-capitalized when its CET1, Tier 1, total risk-based, and leverage capital ratios are at least 6.5 , 8 ,
 10 , and 5 , respectively. A bank is deemed to be adequately capitalized or better if its capital ratios meet or exceed the minimum federal regulatory capital requirements, and undercapitalized if it fails to meet these minimal capital
 requirements. A bank is significantly undercapitalized if its CET1, Tier 1, total risk-based and leverage capital ratios fall below 3 , 4 , 6 , and 3 , respectively and critically undercapitalized if the institution has a ratio of tangible
 equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Trustco Bank met the definition of well-capitalized. 

The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules creating a community bank leverage ratio framework designed to simplify capital requirements for qualifying
 banks and bank or thrift holding companies. The new rule was effective as of January 1, 2020. Although TrustCo would qualify to take advantage of the community bank leverage ratio framework, it has decided it would not opt-in to the framework.

The Company s dividend payout ratio was 35.86 of net income in 2022 and 42.95 of net income in 2021. The Company executed a 1 for 5 reverse stock split on May 28, 2021. The per-share
 dividend paid was 1.41 in 2022 and 1.37 in 2021, adjusted for the reverse split. The Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is dependent upon the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. The payment of dividends
 by the Bank to the Company is subject to continued compliance with minimum regulatory capital requirements.

TrustCo s consolidated Tier 1 risk-based capital was 18.93 of risk-adjusted assets at December 31, 2022, and 19.54 of risk adjusted assets at December 31, 2021. Consolidated Tier 1
 capital to assets (leverage ratio) at December 31, 2022 was 10.39 , as compared to 9.61 at year-end 2021. Note 14 to the financial statements includes information on all regulatory capital ratios.

TrustCo maintains a dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan (DRSPP) with approximately 6,987 participants. During 2022, 2.2 million of dividends paid on the shares held in this plan
 were reinvested in shares of the Company. The DRSPP also allows for additional purchases of stock by participants and has a discount feature (up to 5 that can be activated by management as a tool to raise capital. To date, the discount
 feature has not been utilized.

On June 7, 2019 the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 1,000,000 shares. During the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company repurchased a
 total of 489 thousand shares at an average price per share of 7.11 for a total of 3.5 million under its Board authorized share repurchase program. The shares purchased as of March 31, 2020 represented 0.51 of our common shares outstanding. 
 On April 16, 2020 the Company announced that it had suspended its share repurchase program. On February 18, 2021 the Company s Board of Directors authorized another share repurchase program of up to 2,000,000 shares and was adjusted to 400,000
 shares as a result of the approval of the Reverse Stock Split, and represented approximately 2 of its then currently outstanding common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased a total of 70 thousand shares at
 an average price per share of 32.82, for a total of 2.3 million under its Board authorized share repurchase program. On March 9, 2022 the Company s Board of Directors authorized another share repurchase program of up to 200,000 shares, or
 approximately 1 of its then currently outstanding common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased a total of 200,000 shares at an average price per share of 33.44, for a total of 6.7 million, under its Board
 authorized share repurchase program.

Page 18 of 109 

Index 

Risk Management

The responsibility for balance sheet risk management oversight is the function of the Company s Asset Allocation Committee. The Committee meets monthly and includes the executive officers of
 the Company as well as other department managers as appropriate. The meetings include a review of balance sheet structure, formulation of strategy in light of anticipated economic conditions, and comparison to Board-established guidelines to
 control exposures to various types of risk.

Credit Risk

Credit risk is managed through a network of loan officer authorities, review committees, loan policies, and oversight from the senior executives of the Company. In addition, the Company
 utilizes an independent loan review function to evaluate management s loan grading of non-homogeneous loans. Management follows a policy of continually identifying, analyzing, and evaluating the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. As
 a result of management s ongoing reviews of the loan portfolio, loans are placed in non-accrual status, either due to the delinquent status of the principal and/or interest payments, or based on a judgment by management that, although payment
 of principal and/or interest is current, such action is prudent. Thereafter, no interest is taken into income unless received in cash or until such time as the borrower demonstrates a sustained ability to make scheduled payments of interest
 and principal.

Management has also developed policies and procedures to monitor the credit risk in relation to the Federal Funds sold portfolio. TrustCo maintains an approved list of third party banks to
 which Trustco can sell Federal Funds and monitors the credit rating and capital levels of those institutions. At December 31, 2022, virtually all of the Federal Funds sold and other short-term investments were funds on deposit at the Federal
 Reserve Bank of New York FRBNY and the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLBNY ). The Company also monitors the credit ratings on its investment securities and performs initial and periodic reviews of financial information for the
 issuers of corporate and municipal bonds.

Nonperforming Assets

Nonperforming assets include loans in non-accrual status, restructured loans, loans past due by three payments or more and still accruing interest, and foreclosed real estate properties.

Nonperforming assets at year-end 2022 and 2021 totaled 19.6 million and 19.1 million, respectively. Nonperforming loans as a percentage of the total loan portfolio were 0.37 
 in 2022 and 0.42 in 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 7.6 million and 6.5 million, respectively, of loans in non-accruing status that were less than 90 days past due . 

At December 31, 2022, nonperforming loans included a mix of commercial and residential loans. Of the total non-accrual loans of 17.5 million, 16.9 were residential real estate loans and 533 thousand were
 commercial loans. It is the Company s policy to classify loans as nonperforming if three monthly payments have been missed. Economic conditions generally improved as compared to the prior year. The majority of the Company s loan portfolio
 continues to come from its historical market area in Upstate New York. As of December 31, 2022, 68.0 of loans are in New York, including both the Upstate and Downstate areas, as well as nominal loan balances in adjoining states. The
 remaining 32.0 of the loan portfolio are Florida loans. At December 31, 2022, 13.1 of nonperforming loans were in Florida and 86.9 were in the Company s New York area markets. At December 31, 2022 nonperforming Florida loans amounted to
 2.3 million compared to 2.0 million at December 31, 2021.

(dollars in thousands)

As of December 31,

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Loans in non-accrual status

17,483

18,739

21,061

20,840

24,952

Restructured retail loans

10

17

23

29

34

Total nonperforming loans

17,493

18,756

21,084

20,869

24,986

Foreclosed real estate

2,061

362

541

1,579

1,676

Total nonperforming assets

19,554

19,118

21,625

22,448

26,662

Allowance for credit losses on loans

46,032

44,267

49,595

44,317

44,766

Allowance coverage of nonperforming loans

2.63

x 

2.36

x 

2.35

x 

2.12

x 

1.79

x 

Allowance for credit losses on loans to nonaccrual loans

2.63

x 

2.36

x 

2.35

x 

2.13

x 

1.79

x 

Nonperforming loans as a of total loans

0.37

0.42

0.50

0.51

0.64

Nonperforming assets as a of total assets

0.33

0.31

0.37

0.43

0.54

Non-accrual loans to total loans outstanding

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.01

0.01

Page 19 of 109 

Index 

TrustCo has identified nonaccrual commercial and commercial real estate loans, all loans restructured under a TDR, and residential non-accrual loans over 180 days past
 due as individually evaluated loans.

There were 646 thousand and 232 thousand of commercial loans classified as individually evaluated as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, there
 were 25.0 million and 18.3 million of residential TDRs individually evaluated at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Ongoing portfolio management is intended to result in early identification and disengagement from deteriorating credits. TrustCo has a diversified loan portfolio that
 includes a significant balance of residential mortgage loans to borrowers in the Capital Region of New York and avoids concentrations to any one borrower or any single industry.

There are inherent risks associated with lending; however based on its review of the loan portfolio, including loans classified as nonperforming, management is aware of
 no other loans in the portfolio that pose significant risk of the eventual non-collection of principal and interest. As of December 31, 2022, there were no other loans classified for regulatory purposes that management reasonably expects will
 materially impact future operating results, liquidity, or capital resources. TrustCo has no advances to borrowers or projects located outside the United States. The Bank makes loans to executive officers, directors and to associates of such
 persons in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions. None of these loans involve more than normal risk of
 collectability or present other unfavorable features.

At year-end 2022 and 2021 there were 2.1 million and 362 thousand of foreclosed real estate, respectively. Although the length of time to complete a foreclosure has
 remained elevated in recent years, TrustCo, as a portfolio lender, has not encountered issues such as lost notes and other documents, which have been a problem in the foreclosure process for many other mortgagees.

Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans

On January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses" (referred to as CECL and as Accounting Standards Codification Topic 326 ASC 326 )) .
 Under this standard, allowances have been established for loans and commitments to lend. The allowance for credit losses on loans ACLL replaces the previous allowance for loan losses ALL ). Upon adoption of CECL, the ACLL increased by
 2.4 million to 46.6 million from 44.2 at December 31, 2021 under the ALL. The allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments ACLUC increased from 18 thousand to 2.4 million and is recorded in accrued expenses and other
 liabilities. The Company recorded a net decrease to undivided profits of 3.5 million, net of 1.2 million in deferred tax balances as of January 1, 2022 for the cumulative effect of adopting CECL. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a credit to the provision for credit losses of 341 thousand, which includes a credit to the provision for credit losses on loans of
 900 thousand as a result of improving unemployment, housing price forecasts and a sustained low level of NPL s and charge-offs, and a provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments of 659 thousand as a result of a corresponding increase
 in unfunded commitments.

During 2022, the FOMC increased the target federal funds rate on six occasions totaling 4.25 basis points. Rising inflation weighs on consumers purchasing power by slowing spending and
 driving monetary tightening. Inflation has reached a forty-year high, and labor and supply chain challenges have been heightened by the global impacts of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Management has taken into consideration the possible
 effects of these changes qualitatively within the CECL ACLL and ALCUC.

The Company evaluates several external forecasts in choosing the forecast element for the economic components of the allowance for credit losses on loans. The Company selected the stagflation
 forecast for both January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 for economic modeling.

The following changes in forecasts from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 impacted the reserves:

unemployment rates increasing 1 for both New York and Florida,

an increase in consumer price indices CPI of 7 for New York and 9 for Florida,

a decrease in Gross Metro Product GMP of 0.1 for New York,

an increase in Gross Metro Product GMP of 3.6 for Florida,

a decrease in the housing price index of 3 for New York and an increase of 11 for Florida.

See Notes 1 and 4 of the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion related to the adoption of CECL, and the process for determining the provision for credit losses.

Page 20 of 109 

Index 

The table, Summary of Loan Loss Experience , includes an analysis of the changes to the allowance for the past five years. Net loans recovered in 2022 and 2021 were
 322 thousand and 122 thousand, respectively. The increase in net recoveries was primarily the result of lower gross charge offs in the New York residential segment of the portfolio, partially offset by less recoveries in New York for all
 segments. New York commercial, residential, and installment gross recoveries were down 28 thousand, 14 thousand, and 47 thousand, respectively, from 2022 to 2021. Total gross charge-offs in 2022 were 152 thousand versus 430 thousand in
 2021. There were no Florida commercial charge-offs in either 2022 or 2021, and New York commercial charge-offs increased 10 thousand from 2022 to 2021. Residential gross charge-offs were down 316 thousand from 2022 to 2021 and gross
 installment charge offs increased 28 thousand from 2022 to 2021. The changes in gross and net charge-offs in these categories reflected economic and market changes. As mentioned above, the Company adopted CECL on January 1, 2022, which
 resulted in a credit in 2022 of 900 thousand to the provision for credit losses on loans primarily as a result of improving unemployment and housing price forecasts. The 5.5 million credit to the provision for loan losses in 2021, under the
 incurred loss method, was primarily driven by improvements in asset quality trends and economic conditions, as well as adjustments to the pandemic specific provision made in 2020. The allowance for credit losses on loans decreased from 46.6
 million at the CECL adoption date of January 1, 2022, or 1.05 of total loans at that date, to 46.0 million at December 31, 2022, or 0.97 of total loans at that date.

Conditions in most of the Bank s market areas are stabilizing or improving as compared to 2022 however, should general economic conditions weaken and/or real estate
 values begin to decline again, the level of problem loans may increase, as would the level of the provision for loan losses.

Page 21 of 109 

Index 

SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Amount of loans outstanding at end of year (less unearned income)

4,733,201

4,438,779

4,244,470

4,062,196

3,874,096

Average loans outstanding during year (less average unearned income)

4,551,281

4,336,834

4,163,399

3,926,199

3,746,082

Balance of allowance at beginning of year

44,267

49,595

44,317

44,766

44,170

Impact of ASU 2016-13, Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL)

2,353

-

-

-

-

Balance as of January 1, 2022 as adjusted for ASU 2016-13

46,620

49,595

44,317

44,766

44,170

Loans charged off:

Commercial and commercial real estate

40

30

36

20

100

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family

24

340

404

974

846

Installment

88

60

221

213

257

Total

152

430

661

1,207

1,203

Recoveries of loans previously charged off:

Commercial and commercial real estate

4

32

10

46

10

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family

450

466

317

532

351

Installment

10

54

12

21

38

Total

464

552

339

599

399

Net loan (recoveries) chargeoffs

(312

(122

322

608

804

Provision for credit losses on loans

(900

(5,450

5,600

159

1,400

Balance of allowance at end of year

46,032

44,267

49,595

44,317

44,766

Net charge offs as a percent of average loans outstanding during year (less average unearned income)

(0.01

0.00

0.01

0.02

0.02

Allowance as a percent of loans outstanding at end of year

0.97

1.00

1.17

1.09

1.16

The following table presents the ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans outstanding by loan category, along with the components of the calculation, for the periods indicated:

For the Years Ended December 31,

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Net charge-

Net charge-

Net charge-

offs as a

offs as a

offs as a

Net

Average

percent of

Net

Average

percent of

Net

Average

percent of

charge-offs

loans

average loans

charge-offs

loans

average loans

charge-offs

loans

average loans

(recoveries)

outstanding

outstanding

(recoveries)

outstanding

outstanding

(recoveries)

outstanding

outstanding

Commercial

36

206,144

0.02

(2

210,145

0.00

26

219,328

0.01

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family

(426

4,335,288

-0.01

(126

4,117,964

0.00

87

3,934,119

0.00

Installment

78

9,849

0.79

6

8,725

0.07

209

9,952

2.10

Total net (recoveries) chargeoffs

(312

4,551,281

-0.01

(122

4,336,834

0.00

322

4,163,399

0.01

Our loan portfolio experienced an annualized net charge-off rate of (0.01) for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of one basis point from the 0.00 rate for the
 year ended December 31, 2021.

Page 22 of 109 

Index 

Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans

The allocation of the allowance for credit loss on loans is as follows:

(dollars in thousands)

As of

As of

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Percent of

Percent of

Loans to

Loans to

Amount

Total Loans

Amount

Total Loans

Commercial

2,343

4.41

2,942

4.08

Real estate - construction

385

0.77

375

0.84

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family

38,859

88.51

37,650

89.67

Home equity lines of credit

4,280

6.05

2,857

5.20

Installment Loans

165

0.26

443

0.21

46,032

100.00

44,267

100.00

Market Risk

The Company s principal exposure to market risk is with respect to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is the potential for economic loss due to future interest rate
 changes. These economic losses can be reflected as a loss of future net interest income and/or a loss of current market value.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk

TrustCo realizes income principally from the difference or spread between the interest earned on loans, investments and other interest-earning assets and the interest paid on
 deposits and borrowings. Loan volume and yield, as well as the volume of and rates on investments, deposits and borrowings are affected by market interest rates. Additionally, because of the terms and conditions of many of the loan documents
 and deposit accounts, a change in interest rates could also affect the projected maturities of the loan portfolio and/or the deposit base.

In monitoring interest rate risk, management focuses on evaluating the levels of net interest income and the fair value of capital in varying interest rate cycles within Board-approved policy
 limits. Interest rate risk management also must take into consideration, among other factors, the Company s overall credit, operating income, operating cost, and capital profile. The Asset Allocation Committee, which includes all members of
 executive management and reports quarterly to the Board of Directors, monitors and manages interest rate risk to maintain an acceptable level of potential net interest income and change in the fair value of capital as a result of changes in
 market interest rates.

The Company uses a third party industry standard simulation model as the primary tool to identify, quantify and project changes in interest rates and the impact on the balance sheet and
 forecasted net interest income. The model utilizes assumptions with respect to cash flows and prepayment speeds taken both from industry sources and internally generated data based upon historical trends in the Bank s balance sheet. 
 Assumptions based on the historical behavior of deposit rates and balances in relation to changes in market interest rates are also incorporated into the model. This model calculates a fair value amount with respect to non-time deposit
 categories, since these deposits are part of the core deposit products of the Company. The assumptions used are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure the fair value of capital or precisely predict the impact
 of fluctuations in interest rates on the fair value of capital.

Using this model, the fair values of capital projections as of December 31, 2022 are referenced below. The base case scenario shows the present estimate of the fair value of capital assuming no
 change in the operating environment or operating strategies and no change in interest rates from those existing in the marketplace as of December 31, 2022. The table indicates the impact on the fair value of capital assuming interest rates
 were to instantaneously increase by 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points (BP) or to decrease by 100, 200 and 300 basis points.

Page 23 of 109 

Index 

(dollars in thousands)

December 31, 2022

1 to 12 Months

13 to 24 Months

Change in

Amount

Change

Amount

Change

Amount

Change

Interest Rates

of EVE

in EVE

of NII

In NII

of NII

In NII

+400 BP

1,428,613

-17.2

174,432

-9.7

178,258

-10.2

+300 BP

1,473,359

-14.6

178,561

-7.6

181,724

-8.4

+200 BP

1,578,927

-8.5

194,154

0.5

196,646

-0.9

+100 BP

1,687,831

-2.2

194,334

0.6

199,473

0.5

Current rates

1,725,968

0.0

193,159

0.0

198,496

0.0

-100 BP

1,686,243

-2.3

189,936

-1.7

193,224

-2.7

-200 BP

1,559,345

-9.7

181,248

-6.2

180,187

-9.2

-300 BP

1,388,557

-19.5

173,269

-10.3

169,390

-14.7

At December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated Tier 1 capital to assets ratio (leverage capital ratio) was 10.39 .

The fair value of capital is calculated as the fair value of assets less the fair value of liabilities in the interest rate scenario presented. The fair value of capital in the current rate
 environment is 31.10 of the fair value of assets, whereas the current Tier 1 capital to assets ratio was 10.39 at December 31, 2022, as noted. The significant difference between these two capital ratios reflects the impact that a fair value
 calculation can have on the capital ratios of a company. The fair value of capital calculations take into consideration the fair value of deposits, including those deposits considered core deposits, along with the fair value of assets such as
 the loan portfolio.

A secondary method to identify and manage the interest rate risk profile is the static gap analysis. Interest sensitivity gap analysis measures the difference between the assets and liabilities
 repricing or maturing within specific time periods. An asset sensitive position indicates that there are more rate-sensitive assets than rate sensitive liabilities repricing or maturing within specific time periods, which would generally imply
 a favorable impact on net interest income in periods of rising interest rates and a negative impact in periods of falling rates. A liability sensitive position would generally imply a negative impact on net interest income in periods of rising
 rates and a positive impact in periods of falling rates.

Static gap analysis has limitations because it cannot measure precisely the effect of interest rate movements and competitive pressures on the repricing and maturity characteristics of
 interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, a significant portion of the interest sensitive assets are fixed rate securities with relatively long lives whereas the interest-bearing liabilities are not subject to
 these same limitations. As a result, certain assets and liabilities may in fact reprice at different times and at different volumes than the static gap analysis would indicate. The Company deemphasized the use of gap analysis in favor of the
 more advanced methods provided by the previously noted model, including the sensitivity of the economic value of equity and net interest income.

The Company recognizes the relatively long-term nature of the fixed rate residential loan portfolio. To fund those long term assets, the Company cultivates long-term deposit relationships (often
 called core deposits). These core deposit relationships tend to be longer-term in nature and not as susceptible to changes in interest rates. Core deposit balances, along with substantial levels of short term liquid assets allows the Company
 to take on certain interest rate risk with respect to the fixed rate loans on its balance sheet.

The table, Interest Rate Sensitivity, presents an analysis of the interest-sensitivity gap position at December 31, 2022. All interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are shown
 based upon their contractual maturity or repricing date adjusted for forecasted prepayment rates. Asset prepayment and liability repricing periods are selected after considering the current rate environment, industry prepayment and data
 specific to the Company. The interest rate sensitivity table indicates that TrustCo is liability sensitive on a cumulative basis when measured in the less than 1 year time frame, and asset sensitive when measured in the 1-5 year and the over 5
 year time frames. The effect of being liability sensitive is that rising interest rates should result in liabilities repricing to higher levels faster than assets repricing to higher levels, thus decreasing net interest income. Conversely,
 should interest rates decline, the Company s interest bearing liabilities would reprice down faster than assets, resulting in higher net interest income. The effect of being asset sensitive is that rising interest rates should result in assets
 repricing to higher levels faster than liabilities repricing to higher levels, thus increasing net interest income. Conversely, should interest rates decline, the Company s interest bearing assets would reprice down faster than liabilities,
 resulting in lower net interest income.

Page 24 of 109 

Index 

INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY

(dollars in thousands)

At December 31, 2022

Repricing in:

Less than 1

1-5

Over 5

Rate

year

years

years

Insensitive

Total

Total assets

1,511,604

2,438,339

1,882,483

167,626

6,000,052

Cumulative total assets

1,511,604

3,949,943

5,832,426

6,000,052

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity

1,648,816

145,459

3,520,617

685,160

6,000,052

Cumulative total liabilities and shareholders' equity

1,648,816

1,794,275

5,314,892

6,000,052

Cumulative interest sensitivity gap

(137,212

2,155,668

517,534

Cumulative gap as a of interest earning assets for the period

(9.1

54.6

8.9

Cumulative interest sensitive assets to liabilities

91.7

220.1

109.7

In practice, the optionality imbedded in many of the Company s assets and liabilities, along with other limitations such as differing timing between changes in rates on varying assets and
 liabilities limits the effectiveness of static gap analysis. Thus, the table should be viewed as a rough framework in the evaluation of interest rate risk. Management takes these factors, and others, into consideration when reviewing the
 Bank s gap position and establishing its asset/liability strategy. As noted, the simulation model is better able to consider these aspects of the Bank s exposure to potential rate changes and thus is viewed as the more important of the two
 methodologies.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk involves the risk of being unable to fund assets with the appropriate duration and rate-based liabilities, as well as the risk of not being able to meet unexpected cash needs.
 Liquidity planning and management are necessary to ensure the ability to fund operations in a cost-effective manner and to meet current and future potential obligations such as loan commitments, lease obligations, and unexpected deposit
 outflows. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Lending Activities We may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors or borrowers or meet our operating cash needs to fund corporate expansion and other activities in
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.

TrustCo seeks to obtain favorable funding sources and to maintain prudent levels of liquid assets in order to satisfy various liquidity demands. In addition to serving as a
 funding source for maturing obligations, liquidity provides flexibility in responding to customer-initiated needs. Many factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including changes in the markets served by the Bank s network of
 branches, the mix of assets and liabilities, and general economic conditions.

The Company actively manages its liquidity position through target ratios established under its asset/liability management policies. Continual monitoring of these ratios, both
 historically and through forecasts under multiple interest rate scenarios, allows TrustCo to employ strategies necessary to maintain adequate liquidity levels as provided in its asset/liability
 management policies. Management has also developed various contingent liquidity alternatives, such as borrowings from the FHLBNY and the FRBNY, and through the utilization of brokered CDs, should the need develop. 

The Company achieves its liability-based liquidity objectives in a variety of ways. Liabilities can be classified into three categories for the purposes of managing liability-based liquidity:
 retail deposits, purchased money, and capital market funds. TrustCo seeks deposits that are dependable and predictable and that are based as much on the level and quality of service as they are on interest rate. Average retail deposits
 (total deposits less time deposits greater than 250 thousand) amounted to 5.08 billion in 2022 and 4.99 billion in 2021. Average balances of core deposits are detailed in the table Mix of Average Sources of Funding. 

In addition to core deposits, another source of liability-based funding available to TrustCo is purchased money, which consists of long-term and short-term borrowings,
 Federal Funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, and time deposits greater than 250 thousand. The average balances of these purchased liabilities are detailed in the table Mix of Average Sources of Funding. During
 2022, the average balance of purchased liabilities was 396.2 million, compared with 435.2 million in 2021. Although classified as purchased liabilities for the purposes of this analysis the Company does not offer premium rates on large
 time deposits and thus views its time deposits as relatively stable funds. The decrease in borrowed funds is wholly the result of customers behavioral preferences in regard to managing their funds and does not reflect any decision by
 management to decrease this category of funding. The classification of time deposits over 250 thousand as purchased liabilities is typical industry practice, partly reflecting that some banks pay premium rates for larger balance time
 deposits.

Page 25 of 109 

Index 

The Bank also has a line of credit available with the FHLBNY. The amount of that line is determined by the Bank s total assets and the amount and types of collateral pledged. Assets that are
 eligible for pledging include most loans and securities. The Bank can borrow up to 30 of its total assets from the FHLBNY without special approval and may apply to borrow up to 50 of its total assets. Securities and loans pledged as
 collateral against any borrowings must cover certain margin requirements. Eligible securities have a maximum lendable value of 67 to 97 , depending on the security type, with the securities in the Bank s investment portfolio generally
 having maximum lendable values of 80 to 95 . The maximum lendable value against loans is 90 for 1-4 family residential mortgages, 80 for multifamily mortgages and 75 for commercial mortgages. For both securities and loans, the maximum
 lendable limits are applied to the market value of the asset pledged. At December 31, 2022 there were no outstanding balances associated with this line of credit. In addition, the Bank has access to borrowings from the FRBNY. Borrowings
 from the FRBNY are subject to collateralization by securities or loans acceptable to the FRBNY and at collateral margins set by the FRBNY.

Management believes that the Company s overall liquidity position remains strong. A simple liquidity proxy often used in the industry is the ratio of loans to deposits, with a lower number
 representing a more liquid institution. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, TrustCo s loan to deposit ratio was 91.2 and 84.3 , respectively, while the median peer group of all publicly traded banks and thrifts tracked by S P Global Market
 Intelligence financial with assets between 2 billion and 10 billion had ratios of 89.3 and 78.2 , respectively. In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents totaling 650.6 million and 1.2
 billion, respectively, as well as unpledged securities available for sale with a fair value of 310.1 million and 124.5 million, respectively. The Federal Reserve raised the Federal Funds rate again in February 2023, and it is our
 expectation that there will be further Federal Funds rate increases throughout 2023, which will more than likely put additional pressure on deposit rates during 2023. Management believes that the Company currently has strong liquidity and
 historical trends and that it has adequate sources of liquidity to cover its contractual obligations and commitments over the next twelve months and beyond.

The Company is contractually obligated to make the following payments on leases as of December 31, 2022:

(dollars in thousands)

Payments Due by Period:

Less Than

1-3

3-5

More than

1 Year

Years

Years

5 Years

Total

Operating leases

8,310

15,997

12,361

19,260

55,928

In addition, the Company is contractually obligated to pay data processing vendors approximately 9 million to 10 million per year through 2025.

Also, the Company is obligated under its various employee benefit plans to make certain payments of approximately 1.8 to 1.9 million per year through 2032. Additionally, the Company is
 obligated to pay the accumulated benefits under the Company s post retirement pension plan which amounted to 4.9 million and 7.0 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Actual payments under the plan are made in accordance
 with the plan provisions.

Off-Balance Sheet Risk

Commitments to extend credit: The Bank makes contractual commitments to extend credit, and extends lines of credit which are subject to the Bank s credit approval and monitoring procedures. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, commitments to extend credit in the form of loans, including unused lines of credit, amounted to 535.4 million and 469.7 million, respectively. In management s opinion, there are no material commitments to
 extend credit that represent unusual risk.

The Company has issued conditional commitments in the form of standby letters of credit to guarantee payment on behalf of a customer and guarantee the performance of a customer to a third
 party. Standby letters of credit generally arise in connection with lending relationships. The credit risk involved in issuing these instruments is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. Contingent
 obligations under standby letters of credit totaled approximately 5.3 million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and represent the maximum potential future payments the Company could be required to make. Typically, these instruments have
 terms of 12 months or less and expire unused; therefore, the total amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer is evaluated individually for creditworthiness under the same underwriting standards used for
 commitments to extend credit and on-balance sheet instruments. Company policies governing loan collateral apply to standby letters of credit at the time of credit extension. Loan-to-value ratios are generally consistent with loan-to-value
 requirements for other commercial loans secured by similar types of collateral. The fair value of the Company s standby letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was insignificant.

Page 26 of 109 

Index 

Other off-balance sheet risk: TrustCo does not engage in activities involving interest rate swaps, forward placement contracts, or any other instruments commonly referred to as derivatives. 
 Management believes these instruments pose a high degree of risk, and that investing in them is unnecessary. TrustCo has no off-balance sheet partnerships, joint ventures, or other risk sharing entities.

The Company s allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments is recognized as a liability (accrued expenses and other liabilities) with adjustments to the reserve recognized in (credit) provision for
 credit losses in the consolidated income statement. The impact of the adoption of CECL was an additional liability of 2.3 million, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 559
 thousand. As of December 31, 2022 the allowance for unfunded commitments was 2.9 million.

Noninterest Income and Expense

Noninterest income: Noninterest income is an important source of revenue for the Company and a factor in overall results. Total noninterest income was 19.3 million in 2022, 17.9 million in 2021
 and 17.2 million in 2020. There was no net gain or loss on securities transactions in 2022 and 2021. There was 1.2 million from net gain on securities transactions in 2020. Fees for services to customers was up 1.1 million in 2022
 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of increased interchange fees. The Company routinely reviews its service charge policies and levels relative to its competitors. Reflecting those reviews, the Company makes changes in fees for services
 to customers in terms of both the levels of fees as well as types of fees where appropriate. The changes in reported noninterest income also reflect the volume of services customers utilized and regulatory changes governing overdrafts. Other
 income was up 496 thousand in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of a gain on the sale of fixed assets.

Trustco Financial Services contributes a large recurring portion of noninterest income through fees generated by providing fiduciary and investment management services. Income from these
 fiduciary activities totaled 7.0 million in 2022, 7.4 million in 2021 and 6.3 million in 2020. Trust fees are generally calculated as a percentage of the assets under management by Trustco Financial Services. In addition, trust fees
 include fees for estate settlements, tax preparation, and other services. Assets under management by Trustco Financial Services are not included on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements because Trustco Financial Services holds
 these assets in a fiduciary capacity. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, fair value of assets under management by the Trustco Financial Services were approximately 918 million, 1.1 billion and 996.7 million, respectively. The changes
 in levels of assets under management reflects a combination of changing market valuations and the net impact of new customer asset additions, losses of accounts and the settlement of estates. The decline in income is due to the market value
 decline offset by fees for other services.

NONINTEREST INCOME

(dollars in thousands)

For the year ended December 31,

2022 vs. 2021

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Percent

Trustco Financial Services income

7,037

7,358

6,279

(321

(4.4

Fees for services to customers

10,947

9,799

8,779

1,148

11.7

Net gain on securities transactions

-

-

1,155

-

-

Other

1,276

780

957

496

63.6

Total noninterest income

19,260

17,937

17,170

1,323

7.4

Noninterest expense: Noninterest expense was 100.3 million in 2022, 101.7 million in 2021, and 95.7 million in 2020. TrustCo s operating philosophy stresses the importance of monitoring and
 controlling the level of noninterest expense. The efficiency ratio is a strong indicator of how well controlled and monitored these expenses are for a banking enterprise. A low ratio indicates highly efficient performance. The median
 efficiency ratio for a peer group composed of banking institutions with assets of 2 to 10 billion was 56.3 for 2022. TrustCo s efficiency ratio was 50.2 in 2022, 56.9 in 2021 and 56.4 in 2020. In 2020 the ratio excludes net gain on
 securities transactions. Other real estate owned expense or income is also excluded from this calculation for all periods presented.

Page 27 of 109 

Index 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE

(dollars in thousands)

For the year ended December 31,

2022 vs. 2021

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Percent

Salaries and employee benefits

45,904

48,721

45,647

(2,817

(5.8

Net occupancy expense

17,527

17,742

17,519

(215

(1.2

Equipment expense

6,487

6,617

6,636

(130

(2.0

Professional services

5,577

6,108

5,618

(531

(8.7

Outsourced services

9,210

8,384

7,750

826

9.9

Advertising expense

2,046

1,975

1,921

71

3.6

FDIC and other insurance

3,159

3,010

2,220

149

5.0

Other real estate expense (income), net

310

183

92

127

69.4

Other

10,099

8,922

8,301

1,177

13.2

Total noninterest expense

100,319

101,662

95,704

(1,343

(1.3

Salaries and employee benefits are the most significant component of noninterest expense. For 2022, these expenses amounted to 45.9 million, compared with 48.7 million in 2021 and 45.6
 million in 2020. The decrease in salaries and benefits in 2022 was primarily as a result of a 2 million favorable true-up to the incentive compensation accrual upon payout in the first quarter of 2022, as well as decreases in various
 other employee benefit plan expenses. Full time equivalent headcount decreased from 759 as of December 31, 2021 to 750 as of December 31, 2022. The decrease in headcount as compared to the prior year was not due to any impact on the labor
 market. The Company constantly hires qualified candidates and from time-to-time experiences fluctuations in head count.

Net occupancy expense decreased 215 thousand during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of a decrease in building maintenance expenses.

Professional services expense was 5.6 million in both 2022 and 2020, and was higher in 2021 at 6.1 million primarily as a result of expenses associated with the reverse stock split.

Outsourced services expense increased 826 thousand during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of additional services being utilized from our providers.

FDIC and other insurance expense was 3.2 million in 2022, 3.0 million in 2021 and 2.2 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 and 2021 as compared to 2020 was primarily due to FDIC credits
 received in 2020 and 2019 as a result of the FDIC reaching the Deposit Reserve Fund reserve ratio. These credits expired after 2020.

Other real estate expense was 310 thousand in 2022 and 183 thousand in 2021, compared to other real estate expense of 92 thousand in 2020. Included in ORE expense, net during 2022, 2021
 and 2020 were write downs of properties included in ORE totaling 68 thousand, 121 thousand and 120 thousand, respectively. Additionally, included in ORE expense, net during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were gains on sale of 122 thousand, 216
 thousand and 347 thousand, respectively.

Other noninterest expense was 10.1 million in 2022 compared to 8.9 million in 2021 and 8.3 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily as a
 result of debit card conversion related expenses, including customer disputes, charges, losses, and collection expenses.

Income Tax

TrustCo recognized income tax expense of 24.2 million, 20.6 million and 17.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effective tax rates were 24.3 in 2022,
 25.1 in 2021, and 24.5 in 2020.

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices

The Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles which require the measurement of
 financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the cost of operations.

Page 28 of 109 

Index 

Nearly all assets and liabilities of the Company are monetary. As a result, changes in interest rates have a greater impact on the Company s performance than do the
 effects of general levels of inflation, because interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the price of goods and services.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
 with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses,
 income taxes and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates and assumptions. The Company s actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

Management considers the accounting policy relating to the allowance for credit losses on loans to be a critical accounting policy given the measurement uncertainty and subjective judgment
 necessary in evaluating the levels of the allowance required to cover the life time losses in the loan portfolio and the material effect that such judgments can have on the results of operations. Included in Note 1 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements contained in this Annual Report to Shareholders is a description of the significant accounting policies that are utilized by the Company in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial
 Statements. 

Determining the amount of the allowance is considered a critical accounting estimate, as it requires significant judgment and the use of subjective measurements, including management s assessment of overall
 portfolio quality. The allowance is maintained at an amount we believe is our best estimate of life time expected losses in our loan portfolio, and fluctuations in the provision for credit losses may result from management s assessment of
 the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is made up of a quantitative calculation with an overlay for qualitative factors and reasonable and supportable forecast. The majority of the allowance for credit losses is determined using
 qualitative factors. The determination of qualitative factors inherently involves significant judgement and subjective measurement being applied by management.

Significant assumptions evaluated each reporting period include the determination of the forecast scenario to be utilized and the assumption for prepayment speeds. During 2022 and as of December 31, 2022,
 management utilized stagflation scenario with 100 weighting. Hypothetically, had management utilized the Moody s most likely scenario, Baseline scenario, the impact of the allowance would be a reduction of 2 million. For its largest
 portfolio, 1-4 family residential real estate, the prepayment assumption applied within the quantitative calculation was 11.5 as of December 31, 2022. Hypothetically, if the prepayment assumption would be increased to 15 , the impact of
 the allowance would be a decrease of 1.8 million. Hypothetically, if the prepayment assumption would be decreased to 8 , the impact of the allowance would be an increase of 2.2 million. Changes in these judgments and assumptions are
 possible and may have a material impact on our allowance, and therefore our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Please refer to Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion of new accounting pronouncements and their impact on the Company.

Forward Looking Statements

Statements included in this report and in future filings by TrustCo with the SEC, in TrustCo s press releases, and in oral statements made with the approval of an authorized executive
 officer, that are not historical or current facts, are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that
 could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated or projected. Forward looking statements can be identified by the use of such words as may, will, should, could, would, estimate,
 project, believe, intend, anticipate, plan, seek, expect and similar expressions. TrustCo wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.

The following important factors, among others, in some cases have affected and in the future could affect TrustCo s actual results, and could cause TrustCo s actual financial performance to
 differ materially from that expressed in any forward-looking statement:

changes in interest rates, including recent and possible future increases fueled by inflation, may significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations;

inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition;

Page 29 of 109 

Index 

exposure to credit risk in our lending activities;

the allowance for credit losses on loans ACLL is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, resulting in a decrease in earnings;

our inability to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors or borrowers or meet our operating cash needs to fund corporate expansion and other activities;

we are subject to claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility and lender liability;

our dependency upon the services of the management team;

our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud;

if the business continuity and disaster recovery plans that we have in place are not adequate to continue our operations in the event of a disaster, the business disruption can adversely impact its
 operations;

our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss;

a prolonged economic downturn, especially one affecting our geographic market area, will adversely affect our operations and financial results;

instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition;

the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have an adverse effect on our business;

the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us;

the trust wealth management fees we receive may decrease as a result of poor investment performance, in either relative or absolute terms, which could decrease our revenues and net earnings;

regulatory capital rules could slow our growth, cause us to seek to raise additional capital, or both;

changes in laws and regulations and the cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and our income;

non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions;

changes in tax laws may adversely affect us, and the Internal Revenue Service or a court may disagree with our tax positions, which may result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows;

our ability to pay dividends is subject to regulatory limitations and other limitations that may affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders or to repurchase our common stock;

we may be subject to a higher effective tax rate if Trustco Realty Corp. Trustco Realty fails to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT 

changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings;

strong competition within the Bank s market areas could hurt profits and slow growth;

consumers and businesses are increasingly using non-banks to complete their financial transactions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations;

our business could be adversely affected by third-party service providers, data breaches, and cyber-attacks;

a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses, and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and
 financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm;

unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or customer information, whether through a breach of our computer systems or otherwise, could severely harm our business;

Page 30 of 109 

Index 

we could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, our computer systems;

new lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks;

provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and New York law may discourage or prevent takeover attempts, and these provisions may have the effect of reducing the market price of our stock;

we cannot guarantee that the allocation of capital to various alternatives, including stock repurchase plans, will enhance long-term stockholder value;

we are exposed to climate risk;

societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers; and,

other risks and uncertainties included under Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although TrustCo believes that the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, it cannot guarantee
 that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. The foregoing list should not be construed as exhaustive, and the Company disclaims
 any obligation to subsequently revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements, or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.

SUMMARY OF UNAUDITED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

2022

2021

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

Year

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

Year

Income statement:

Interest and dividend income

41,290

44,187

49,041

52,084

186,602

42,495

42,055

41,662

41,770

167,982

Interest expense

1,194

1,127

1,248

2,898

6,467

2,388

1,933

1,775

1,478

7,574

Net interest income

40,096

43,060

47,793

49,186

180,135

40,107

40,122

39,887

40,292

160,408

(Credit) Provision for loan losses

(200

(491

300

50

(341

350

-

(2,800

(3,000

(5,450

Net interest income after provison for loan losses

40,296

43,551

47,493

49,136

180,476

39,757

40,122

42,687

43,292

165,858

Noninterest income

5,183

4,916

4,386

4,775

19,260

4,428

4,688

4,295

4,526

17,937

Noninterest expense

22,765

25,005

26,144

26,405

100,319

25,335

25,440

24,697

26,190

101,662

Income before income taxes

22,714

23,462

25,735

27,506

99,417

18,850

19,370

22,285

21,628

82,133

Income tax expense

5,625

5,591

6,371

6,596

24,183

4,767

4,937

5,523

5,387

20,614

Net income

17,089

17,871

19,364

20,910

75,234

14,083

14,433

16,762

16,241

61,519

Per share data:

Basic earnings (1)

0.890

0.933

1.013

1.100

3.933

0.730

0.748

0.871

0.845

3.194

Diluted earnings (1)

0.890

0.933

1.013

1.100

3.932

0.730

0.748

0.871

0.845

3.194

Cash dividends declared (1)

0.3500

0.3500

0.3500

0.3600

1.4100

0.3406

0.3406

0.3406

0.3500

1.3719

(1) 

All periods presented have been adjusted for the 1 for 5 reverse stock split which occurred on May 28, 2021.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation

The Securities and Exchange Commission SEC has adopted certain rules with respect to the use of non-GAAP financial measures by companies with a class of securities
 registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), such as TrustCo. Under the SEC s rules, companies making disclosures containing non-GAAP financial measures must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP
 financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure and a statement of the company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial
 measure as part of its financial disclosures. Certain of the financial measures used in this report, such as taxable equivalent net interest income and net interest margin, and efficiency ratio, are determined by methods other than in
 accordance with GAAP.

Page 31 of 109 

Index 

Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Income and Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Margin: Net interest income is commonly presented on a taxable equivalent basis. That is, to the extent that some
 component of the institution s net interest income will be exempt from taxation (e.g., was received by the institution as a result of its holdings of state or municipal obligations), an amount equal to the tax benefit derived from that
 component is added back to the net interest income total. Management considers this adjustment helpful to investors in comparing one financial institution s net interest income (pre-tax) to that of another institution, as each will have
 a different proportion of tax-exempt items in their portfolios. Moreover, net interest income is itself a component of a second financial measure commonly used by financial institutions, net interest margin, which is the ratio of net
 interest income to average earning assets. For purposes of this measure as well, taxable equivalent net interest income is generally used by financial institutions, again to provide investors with a better basis of comparison from
 institution to institution. We calculate the taxable equivalent net interest margin by dividing GAAP net interest income, adjusted to include the benefit of non-taxable interest income, by average interest earnings assets.

The Efficiency Ratio: Financial institutions often use an efficiency ratio as a measure of expense control. The efficiency ratio typically is defined as noninterest expense divided by
 the sum of taxable equivalent net interest income and noninterest income. As in the case of net interest income, generally, net interest income as utilized in calculating the efficiency ratio is typically expressed on a taxable
 equivalent basis. Moreover, many financial institutions, in calculating the efficiency ratio, also adjust both noninterest expense and noninterest income to exclude from these items (as calculated under GAAP) certain component elements,
 such as other real estate expense (deducted from noninterest expense) and securities transactions (excluded from noninterest income). We calculate the efficiency ratio by dividing total noninterest expenses as determined under GAAP, as
 adjusted, by net interest income (fully taxable equivalent) and total noninterest income as determined under GAAP, as adjusted, as stated in the table below. We believe that this provides a reasonable measure of primary banking expenses
 relative to primary banking revenue. Additionally, we believe this measure is important to investors looking for a measure of efficiency in our productivity measured by the amount of revenue generated for each dollar spent.

We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide information that is important to investors and that is useful in understanding the Company s financial position, results and
 ratios. Management internally assesses our performance based, in part, on these measures. However, these non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and are not a substitute for an analysis based on GAAP measures. As other companies
 may use different calculations for these measures, this presentation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures reported by other companies.

A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures of taxable equivalent net interest margin and efficiency ratio to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is set forth below.

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

(Unaudited)

Years ended

12/31/22

12/31/21

12/31/20

12/31/19

12/31/18

Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Margin

Net interest income (GAAP)

180,135

160,408

153,580

155,807

160,686

Taxable Equivalent Adjustment

1

1

3

5

12

Net interest income (Taxable Equivalent) (Non-GAAP)

180,136

160,409

153,583

155,812

160,698

Total Interest Earning Assets

6,014,850

5,928,077

5,403,000

5,023,914

4,822,577

Net Interest Margin (GAAP)

2.99

2.71

2.84

3.10

3.33

Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Margin (Non-GAAP)

2.99

2.71

2.84

3.10

3.33

Years ended

12/31/22

12/31/21

12/31/20

12/31/19

12/31/18

Efficiency Ratio

Net interest income (Taxable Equivalent) (Non-GAAP)

180,136

160,409

153,583

155,812

160,698

Non-interest income (GAAP)

19,260

17,937

17,170

18,591

18,081

Less: Net gain on securities

-

-

1,155

-

-

Less: Net gain on sale of building and net gain on sale of nonperforming loans

268

-

-

-

-

Revenue used for efficiency ratio (Non-GAAP)

199,128

178,346

169,598

174,403

178,779

Total Noninterest expense (GAAP)

100,319

101,662

95,704

97,730

97,713

Less: Other real estate (income) expense, net

310

183

92

(166

1,231

Expenses used for efficiency ratio (Non-GAAP)

100,009

101,479

95,612

97,896

96,482

Efficiency Ratio

50.22

56.90

56.38

56.13

53.97

Page 32 of 109 

Index 

Glossary of Terms

Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans:

A balance sheet account which represents management s estimate of expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. The provision for credit losses is added to the allowance account, charge offs of loans decrease
 the allowance balance and recoveries on previously charged off loans serve to increase the balance.

Basic Earnings Per Share:

Net income divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (including participating securities) during the period.

Cash Dividends Per Share:

Total cash dividends for each share outstanding on the record dates.

Common equity tier 1 capital ratio

Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets

Comprehensive Income (Loss):

Net income plus the change in selected items recorded directly to capital such as the net change in unrealized market gains and losses on securities available for sale and the overfunded/underfunded positions in
 the retirement plans.

Core Deposits:

Deposits that are traditionally stable, including all deposits other than time deposits of 250,000 or more.

Derivative Investments:

Investments in futures contracts, forwards, swaps, or other investments with similar characteristics.

Diluted Earnings Per Share:

Net income divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, taking into consideration the effect of any dilutive stock options.

Earning Assets:

The sum of interest-bearing deposits with banks, securities available for sale, securities held to maturity, trading securities, loans, net of unearned income, and Federal Funds sold and other short-term
 investments.

Efficiency Ratio:

Noninterest expense (excluding other real estate expense) divided by taxable equivalent net interest income plus noninterest income (excluding securities transactions and other component income items). This is
 an indicator of the total cost of operating the Company in relation to the total income generated.

Federal Funds Sold:

A short-term (generally one business day) investment of excess cash reserves from one bank to another.

Government Sponsored Enterprises GSE ):

Corporations sponsored by the United States government and include the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC or Freddie Mac), the Federal National Mortgage Association
 (FNMA or Fannie Mae) and the Small Business Administration (SBA).

Page 33 of 109 

Index 

Glossary of Terms (continued) 

Individually Evaluated Loans:

Loans that no longer match the risk profile of the pool are individually assessed for credit losses. Non-accrual loans that have been delinquent 180 days or greater, commercial non-accrual loans and loans identified as troubled debt
 restructuring TDR are individually assessed.

Interest Bearing Liabilities:

The sum of interest bearing deposits, Federal Funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt.

Interest Rate Spread:

The difference between the taxable equivalent yield on earning assets and the rate paid on interest bearing liabilities.

Liquidity:

The ability to meet loan commitments, deposit withdrawals, and maturing borrowings as they come due.

Net Interest Income:

The difference between income on earning assets and interest expense on interest bearing liabilities.

Net Interest Margin:

Fully taxable equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average earning assets.

Net Loans Charged Off:

Reductions to the allowance for credit losses on loans written off as losses, net of the recovery of loans previously charged off.

Nonaccrual Loans:

Loans for which no periodic accrual of interest income is recognized.

Nonperforming Assets:

The sum of nonperforming loans plus foreclosed real estate properties.

Nonperforming Loans:

The sum of loans in a nonaccrual status (for purposes of interest recognition), plus accruing loans three payments or more past due as to principal or interest payments.

Parent Company:

A company that owns or controls a subsidiary through the ownership of voting stock.

Real Estate Owned:

Real estate acquired through foreclosure proceedings.

Return on Average Assets:

Net income as a percentage of average total assets.

Return on Average Equity:

Net income as a percentage of average equity.

Page 34 of 109 

Index 

Glossary of Terms (continued) 

Reverse Stock Split:

Effective as of May 28, 2021, the Company completed a 1-for-5 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, as previously approved by our
 shareholders. Proportional adjustments were made to the Company s issued and outstanding common stock and to the exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the options outstanding under the Company s equity incentive
 plans, and the number of shares subject to restricted stock units under the Company s equity incentive plans. No fractional shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split, and shareholders received cash in
 lieu of any fractional shares. All references herein to common stock and per share data for all periods presented in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock
 Split.

Risk-Adjusted Assets:

A regulatory calculation that assigns risk factors to various assets on the balance sheet.

Risk-Based Capital:

The amount of capital required by federal regulatory standards, based on a risk-weighting of assets.

Subprime Loans:

Loans, including mortgages, that are underwritten based on non-traditional guidelines or structured in non-traditional ways, typically with the goal of facilitating the approval of loans that more conservative
 lenders would likely decline.

Tangible Book Value Per Share:

Total shareholders equity (less goodwill) divided by shares outstanding on the same date. This provides an indication of the tangible book value of a share of stock.

Taxable Equivalent TE ):

Tax exempt income that has been adjusted to an amount that would yield the same after tax income had the income been subject to taxation at the statutory federal and/or state income tax rates.

Tier 1 Capital:

Total shareholders equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income.

Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs):

A refinanced loan in which the bank allows the borrower certain concessions that would normally not be considered. The concessions are made in light of the borrower s financial difficulties and the bank s
 objective to maximize recovery on the loan. TDRs are considered impaired loans.

Page 35 of 109 

Index 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The management of TrustCo Bank Corp NY is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as
 such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). TrustCo s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
 any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management has completed an assessment of TrustCo Bank Corp NY s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making
 this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred to as the COSO criteria. Based
 on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.

The Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Crowe LLP, the Company s independent
 registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.

Robert J. McCormick 
 Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

Michael M. Ozimek 
 Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer

March 1, 2023

Page 36 of 109 

Index 

Crowe LLP

 Independent Member Crowe Global

REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Trustco Bank Corp NY

Glenville, New York

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Trustco Bank Corp NY (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
 related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
 Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
 cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 

Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2022 due
 to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses ASC 326 ). The Company adopted the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective
 method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinions

The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
 of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
 States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
 about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Page 37 of 109 

Index 

Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of
 internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing
 such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
 maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
 of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical
 audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
 disclosures to which it relates.

Allowance for Credit Losses Qualitative Factors

The Company adopted ASC 326 CECL on January 1, 2022, as described in Note 1 and referred to in the change in accounting principle explanatory paragraph above.
 The estimates of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology required under ASC 326 are based on relevant information about current conditions, past events, and reasonable and supportable forecasts regarding collectability of the reported
 amounts. In order to estimate the expected credit losses for loans, the Company utilized a discounted cash flow model which calculated a historical loss rate for each of the identified loan segments. The historical loss rates were then adjusted
 with qualitative factors and for reasonable and supportable forecast.

The determination of qualitative factors involves significant professional judgment and the use of subjective measurement by management. Evaluating management s
 judgments in their determination of these qualitative factors required a high degree of auditor effort and judgment. Therefore, we considered the collective nature of the qualitative factors to be a critical audit matter due to: the subjective
 nature of the qualitative factors, the resulting measurement uncertainty, and the significance of the portion of the allowance for credit losses determined through qualitative factors.

Page 38 of 109 

Index 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Testing of design and operating effectiveness of management s internal controls over the (i) reasonableness of significant assumptions used in the
 development of the qualitative factors; (ii) relevance and reliability of the data used in the determination of the qualitative factors and (iii) mathematical accuracy.

Testing management s process related to the evaluation of qualitative factors. Procedures included (i) testing the relevance and reliability of
 significant data; (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions; and (iii) evaluating the overall reasonableness of the allowance for credit losses.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009.

March 1, 2023

Page 39 of 109 

Index 

TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

Consolidated
 Statements of Income

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Years ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest and dividend income:

Interest and fees on loans

Interest and dividends on securities available for sale:

U. S. government sponsored enterprises

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations-residential

Corporate bonds

Small Business Administration-guaranteed participation securities

Other

Total interest and dividends on securities available for sale

Interest on held to maturity securities:

Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations-residential

Total interest on held to maturity securities

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Interest on federal funds sold and other short-term investments

Total interest and dividend income

Interest expense:

Interest on deposits

Interest on short-term borrowings

Total interest expense

Net interest income

(Credit) Provision for credit losses

Net interest income after (credit) provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income:

Trustco Financial Services income

Fees for services to customers

Net gain on securities transactions

Other

Total noninterest income

Noninterest expense:

Salaries and employee benefits

Net occupancy expense

Equipment expense

Professional services

Outsourced services

Advertising expense

FDIC and other insurance expense

Other real estate expense, net

Other

Total noninterest expense

Income before income taxes

Income taxes

Net income

Earnings per share (1):

Basic

Diluted

(1)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Page 40 of 109 

Index 

TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(dollars in thousands)

Years ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income

Net unrealized holding (loss) gain on securities available for sale

Reclassification adjustments for net gain recognized in income

Tax effect

Net unrealized (loss) gain on securities available for sale, net of tax

Change in overfunded position in pension and postretirement plans arising during the year

Tax effect

Change in overfunded position in pension and postretirement plans arising during the year, net of tax

Amortization of net actuarial gain

Amortization of prior service (credit) cost 

Tax effect

Amortization of net actuarial gain and prior service (credit) cost on pension and postretirement plans, net of tax

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Comprehensive income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Page 41 of 109 

Index 

TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

Consolidated Statements of Condition

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

As of December 31,

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Cash and due from banks

Federal funds sold and other short term investments

Total cash and cash equivalents

Securities available for sale

Held to maturity securities and fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively)

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Loans, net of deferred net costs

Less: Allowance for credit loss on loans 

Net loans

Bank premises and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Deposits:

Demand

Savings accounts

Interest-bearing checking

Money market deposit accounts

Time accounts

Total deposits

Short-term borrowings

Operating lease liabilities

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingent liabilities

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY:

Capital stock: 
 par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
 respectively 

Surplus 

Undivided profits

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Treasury stock: 
 and shares, at cost, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively 

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 42 of 109 

Index 

TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Capital

 Stock

Surplus

Undivided

 Profits

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

 Income (Loss)

Treasury

 Stock

Total

Beginning balance, January 1, 2020 (1) 

Net income

Change in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Cash dividend declared, 
 per share (1) 

Purchase of treasury stock shares) (2) 

Stock based compensation expense

Ending balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income

Change in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Cash used to settle fractional shares in the Reverse Stock Split

Stock options exercises 
 shares issued) (2)

Cash dividend declared, 
 per share (1) 

Purchase of treasury stock shares) (2) 

Ending balance, December 31, 2021 

Cumulative impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13

Balance, January 1, 2022 as adjusted for impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13

Net income

Change in other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Stock options exercises 
 shares issued) 

Cash dividend declared, 
 per share 

Purchase of treasury stock shares) 

Ending balance, December 31, 2022 

(1)

(2)

Page 43 of 109 

Index 

TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(dollars in thousands, except per share data)

Years ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Amortization of right-of-use asset

Net gain on sale of other real estate owned

Writedown of other real estate owned

(Credit) Provision for credit losses

Deferred tax expense (benefit)

Net amortization of securities

Stock based compensation expense

Net gain on sale of bank premises and equipment

Net gain on securities transactions

Decrease (Increase) in taxes receivable

(Increase) Decrease in interest receivable

Increase (Decrease) in interest payable

Increase in other assets

Decrease in operating lease liabilities

(Decrease) Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities

Total adjustments

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from sales, paydowns and calls of securities available for sale

Purchases of securities available for sale

Proceeds from maturities of securities available for sale

Proceeds from calls and maturities of held to maturity securities

Purchases of Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock

Proceeds from redemptions of Federal Reserve Bank stock

Net increase in loans

Proceeds from dispositions of other real estate owned

Proceeds from dispositions of bank premises and equipment

Purchases of bank premises and equipment

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net (decrease) increase in deposits

Net change in short-term borrowings

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and related
 tax benefits 

Cash used to settle fractional shares in the Reverse Stock Split 

Purchases of treasury stock

Dividends paid

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest paid

Income taxes paid

Non cash investing and financing activites:

Transfer of loans to real estate owned

Change in dividends payable

Change in unrealized (loss) gain on securities available for sale - gross of deferred taxes

Change in deferred tax effect on unrealized (gain) loss on securities available for sale, net of reclassification
 adjustment

Amortization of net actuarial gain and prior service credit on pension and post retirement plans, gross of deferred taxes

Change in deferred tax effect of amortization of net actuarial gain and prior service credit on pension and post
 retirement plans

Change in overfunded portion of pension and post retirement benefit plans (ASC 715) - gross of deferred taxes

)

Deferred tax effect of change in overfunded portion of pension and post retirement benefit plans (ASC 715)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Page 44 of 109 

Index 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

per share. Proportional adjustments were made to the Company s issued and outstanding common stock and to the exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the options outstanding under the Company s equity incentive plans, and
 the number of shares subject to restricted stock units under the Company s equity incentive plans. No fractional shares of common stock were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split, and shareholders received cash in lieu of any
 fractional shares. All references herein to common stock and per share data for all periods presented in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split.

delinquent. Interest accrued but not received for a security placed on non-accrual is reversed against interest income.

Page 45 of 109 

Index 

days delinquent. Non-accrual loans are individually reviewed and charged off at days past due. Commercial loans are charged off to the extent principal or interest is deemed uncollectible. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual or charged off at an earlier
 date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful.

Page 46 of 109 

Index 

days or greater, commercial non-accrual loans and loans identified as troubled debt restructuring TDR ). Loans
 evaluated individually are not also included in the collective evaluation. Estimates of specific allowance may be determined by the present value of anticipated future cash flows or the loan s observable fair market value, or the fair value of
 the collateral less costs to sell, if the loan is collateral dependent. However, for collateral dependent loans, the amount of the amortized cost in a loan that exceeds the fair value of the collateral is charged-off against the allowance for
 credit losses on loans in lieu of an allocation of a specific allowance amount when such an amount has been identified definitively as uncollectible.

in accordance with the bankruptcy court order. In the case of Chapter 7 bankruptcies, even though there was no modification of terms, the borrowers debt to the Company was discharged and they may not reaffirm the debt.

to years for buildings, 
 to years for furniture and equipment, and the shorter of the estimated life of the asset or the lease term for leasehold
 improvements.

million and thousand, respectively, of other real estate owned included in the category of Other Assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Condition.

Page 47 of 109 

Index 

million plus any 2023 net profits retained to the date of the dividend
 declaration.

to participate in the Company s medical plan by which retirees pay all of their premiums.

business segment, that of community banking. The Company operates
 primarily in the geographical region of Upstate New York with branches also in Florida and the mid Hudson valley region of New York. In the opinion of management, the Company
 does not have any other reportable segments as defined by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 280, Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information. 

Page 48 of 109 

Index 

million and increased the allowance for credit losses for unfunded commitments by million (included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities). The Company recorded a net decrease to undivided profits of million, net of million in
 deferred tax balances as of January 1, 2022 for the cumulative effect of adopting CECL.

t record an
 allowance for credit losses as of January 1, 2022 on its securities available for sale or held to maturity.

Page 49 of 109 

Index 

Allowance for credit losses on securities

Liabilities and shareholders equity:

Other liabilities (ACL unfunded loan commitments)

Tax Effect, net (included in other assets) 

Total 

Undivided Profits

delinquent. Non-accrual loans are individually reviewed and charged off at past due. Commercial loans are charged off to the extent principal or interest is deemed uncollectible. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual or charged off at an
 earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful.

Page 50 of 109 

Index 

contractually past due.

economic scenarios evaluated by management in detail were the Baseline and Stagflation forecast scenarios. Within both sc enarios, Management considered the following : 

days or greater, commercial non-accrual loans and loans identified as troubled debt restructuring TDR are
 individually assessed. The individual assessment for credit impairment is generally based on a discounted cash flow approach unless the asset is collateral dependent. The loan is considered collateral dependent when repayment is expected to
 be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Collateral dependent loans are individually assessed and the expected credit loss is based on the fair value of
 the collateral.

in accordance with the bankruptcy court order. In the case of Chapter 7 bankruptcies, even though there was no modification of terms, the borrowers debt to the Company was discharged and they may not reaffirm the debt.

Page 51 of 109 

Index 

delinquent. Interest accrued but not received for a security placed on
 non-accrual is reversed against interest income. Timely principal and interest payments continue to be made on the securities. The unrealized losses in the portfolio are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. There were
 debt securities for which other-than-temporary impairment had been recognized prior to January 1, 2022. 

allowance for credit losses recorded for held to maturity securities as of January 1, 2022.

thousand and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Historically the Company has not experienced uncollectible accrued interest receivable on its held-to-maturity
 securities portfolio.

Page 52 of 109 

Index 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations - residential

Corporate bonds

Small Business Administration - guaranteed participation securities

Other

Total securities available for sale

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations - residential

Corporate bonds

Small Business Administration - guaranteed participation securities

Other

Total securities available for sale

Page 53 of 109 

Index 

Due in after one year through five years

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations - residential

Small Business Administration - guaranteed participation securities

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations - residential

Corporate bonds

Other 

Small Business Administration - guaranteed participation securities 

Total

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations - residential

Corporate bonds

Other 

Total

Page 54 of 109 

Index 

Proceeds from calls/paydowns

Proceeds from maturities

Gross realized gains

Gross realized losses

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively. There was allowance for credit losses recorded for securities available for sale as of December 31, 2022. All
 securities are performing in accordance with contractual terms.

Total held to maturity

Total held to maturity

Page 55 of 109 

Index 

Total

Total

allowance for credit
 losses recorded for held to maturity securities during 2022 and as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
 securities on non-accrual status and all securities were performing in accordance with contractual terms.

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation

Page 56 of 109 

Index 

Page 57 of 109 

Index 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total loans, net

Less: Allowance for credit losses

Net loans

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total loans, net

Less: Allowance for loan losses

Net loans

million and 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Page 58 of 109 

Index 

million and million, respectively, of real estate construction loans. Of the million in real estate construction loans at December 31, 2022, approximately million 
 are secured by first mortgages to residential borrowers while approximate ly million were to commercial borrowers for residential construction projects. Of the
 million in real estate construction loans at December 31,
 2021, approximately million were secured by first mortgages to residential borrowers while approximately 
 million were to commercial borrowers for residential
 construction projects. The majority of construction loans are in the Company s New York market.

million and million , respectively. During 2022, approximately million of new loans were made and repayments of loans totaled approximately million . The composition of the related parties loan balances had changes during the year. All loans are current according to their term. 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family: 

First mortgages 

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total Allowance

Page 59 of 109 

Index 

Impact of ASU 2016 - 13, Current
 Expected Credit Loss (CECL) 

Balance as of January 1, 2022 as
 adjusted for ASU 2016 - 13

Loans charged off: 

New York and other states 

Florida

Total loan chargeoffs

Recoveries of loans previously charged off: 

New York and other states 

Florida

Total recoveries

Net loans (recoveries) charged off

(Credit) provision for credit losses

Balance at end of period

Loans charged off: 

New York and other states 

Florida

Total loan chargeoffs

Recoveries of loans previously charged off: 

New York and other states 

Florida

Total recoveries

Net loan recoveries

(Credit) provision for loan losses

Balance at end of period

Page 60 of 109 

Index 

Loans charged off:

New York and other states 

Florida

Total loan chargeoffs

Recoveries of loans previously charged off:

New York and other states 

Florida

Total recoveries

Net loans charged off 

Provision for loan losses

Balance at end of period

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total ending allowance balance

Loans:

Individually evaluated for impairment

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total ending loans balance

Page 61 of 109 

Index 

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total ending allowance balance

Loans:

Individually evaluated for impairment

Collectively evaluated for impairment

Total ending loans balance

Page 62 of 109 

Index 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Total

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Total

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Total

Page 63 of 109 

Index 

Impact of Adopting CECL

Adjusted Balance at January 1, 2022

Provision for credit losses

Balance at December 31, 2022

Page 64 of 109 

Index 

Special Mention

Substandard

Total Commercial Loans

Commercial Loans:

Current-period Gross writeoffs

Commercial Other:

Risk rating

Pass

Special mention

Substandard

Total Commercial Real Estate Loans

Other Commercial Loans:

Current-period Gross writeoffs

Residenti al First Mo rtgage: 

Risk rating

Performing

Nonperforming

Total First Mortgage: 

Residential First 
 Mortgage Loans: 

Current-period Gross writeoffs

Home Equity Lines:

Risk rating

Performing

Nonperforming

Total Home Equity Lines:

Home Equity Loans:

Current-period Gross writeoffs

Home Equity Lines of Credit:

Risk rating

Performing

Nonperforming

Total Home Equity Credit Lines:

Home Equity Lines of Credit:

Current-period Gross writeoffs

Installments:

Risk rating

Performing

Nonperforming

Total Installments

Installments Loans:

Current-period Gross writeoffs

Page 65 of 109 

Index 

Other

Other

Other

thousand at December 31, 2021.

Page 66 of 109 

Index 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total

Page 67 of 109 

Index 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total

days past due and still accruing interest. As a result, non-accrual loans
 include all loans 90 days or more past due as well as certain loans less than 90 days past due that
 were placed on non-accrual status for reasons other than delinquent status. There are commitments to extend further credit
 on non-accrual or restructured loans. 

million of residential foreclosed properties. In addition, non-accrual residential mortgage loans that were in the
 process of foreclosure had an amortized cost of million 
 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, other real estate owned included 
 thousand of residential foreclosed properties. In addition, non-accrual residential mortgage loans that were in the process of foreclosure had a recorded investment of million as of December 31, 2021.

Page 68 of 109 

Index 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total non-accrual loans

Restructured real estate mortgages - 1 to 4 family

Total nonperforming loans

Page 69 of 109 

Index 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total non-accrual loans

Restructured real estate mortgages - 1 to 4 family

Total nonperforming loans

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 
 to 4 family: 

First mortgages 

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total loans, net

million disclosed above was collectively evaluated and the associated allowance for credit losses on
 loans was not material as of December 31, 2022.

Page 70 of 109 

Index 

Other

Real estate mortgage - 1 
 to 4 family: 

First mortgages 

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Installment

Total 

million of loans in accruing status that were identified as TDRs. 

Page 71 of 109 

Index 

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Total

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family:

First mortgages

Home equity loans

Home equity lines of credit

Total

days
 contractually past due, consistent with the treatment by the bankruptcy court.

Page 72 of 109 

Index 

Buildings

Furniture, fixtures and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Total bank premises and equipment

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

Total

million, million, and 
 million for the years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Occupancy expense of the Bank s premises included rental expense of 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020.

Savings accounts

Time deposits and money market accounts

Total

1 to 2 years

2 to 3 years

3 to 4 years

4 to 5 years

Over 5 years

million and million in time deposits with balances in excess of 250,000.

Page 73 of 109 

Index 

Maximum amount outstanding at any month end

Average amount outstanding

Weighted average interest rate:

For the year

As of year end

outstanding borrowings with the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York.

outstanding borrowings and
 loans with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

State

Total current tax expense

Deferred tax (benefit) expense

Total income tax expense

Page 74 of 109 

Index 

Difference in reporting the allowance for loan losses, net

Other income or expense not yet reported for tax purposes

Depreciable assets

Net deferred tax asset at end of year

Impact of ASU 2016-13, Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL)

Net deferred tax asset at beginning of year

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

million
 and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, will be realized.

million and thousand at
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, relating to the net unrealized losses on securities available for sale and deferred tax liabilities of approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as
 a result of changes in the unrecognized overfunded position in the Company s pension and postretirement benefit plans recorded, net of tax, as an adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income.

Increase/(decrease) in taxes resulting from:

State income tax, net of federal tax benefit

Other items

Effective income tax rate

Page 75 of 109 

Index 

of employment and hours of service while the
 plan was in effect. This plan was frozen as of December 31, 2006. The benefits are based on the sum of (a) a benefit equal to a prior service benefit plus the average of the employees highest consecutive years compensation in the 
 preceding retirement multiplied by a percentage of service after a specified date plus (b) a benefit based upon career average compensation. The amounts contributed to the plan are determined annually on the basis of (a) the maximum amount that
 can be deducted for federal income tax purposes or (b) the amount certified by a consulting actuary as necessary to avoid an accumulated funding deficiency as defined by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Contributions are
 intended to provide for benefits attributed to service to date. Assets of the plan are administered by Trustco Bank s Financial Services Department.

Interest cost

Benefit payments and expected expenses

Net actuarial (gain) loss

Projected benefit obligation at end of year

Actual (loss) gain on plan assets

)

8,952

Benefit payments and actual expenses

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Funded status at end of year

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Page 76 of 109 

Index 

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

Net periodic pension credit

Net actuarial loss (gain) included in other comprehensive income (loss)

Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)

Total recognized in net periodic benefit (credit) cost and other comprehensive income (loss)

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 - 2032 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
 Effective as of December 31, 2008, this plan has been frozen and no additional benefits will accrue. Instead, the amount of the Company s annual contribution to the plan plus interest is paid directly to each eligible employee. The expense
 recorded for this plan was million in both 2022 and 2021, and million, in 2020.

Page 77 of 109 

Index 

million, respectively.

Service cost

Interest cost

Prior Service cost 

Benefits paid 

Net actuarial gain 

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year

Actual (loss) gain on plan assets

Company contributions

Benefits paid and actual expenses

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

Funded status at end of year

Page 78 of 109 

Index 

Prior service cost (credit)

Total

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

Amortization of net actuarial gain

Amortization of prior service (credit) cost 

Net periodic benefit credit

Net loss (gain)

Amortization of prior service credit (cost)

Prior service cost

Amortization of net gain

Total amount recognized in other comprehensive loss

Total amount recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss

thousand. The estimated amount of prior service cost that will be amortized from accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic benefit income (loss) over the next fiscal year is approximately thousand.

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028 - 2032

Page 79 of 109 

Index 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets, net of tax

Amortization of net actuarial gain

Amortization of prior service credit

Total

Prior service cost 

Amortization of net actuarial gain

Amortization of prior service cost

Total

Page 80 of 109 

Index 

Equity Securities

Other

Total

to equity securities, to debt securities, and to for other securities for the
 asset categories. The Company s investment goals are to maximize returns subject to specific risk management policies. Its risk management policies permit direct investments in equity and debt securities and mutual funds while prohibiting
 direct investment in derivative financial instruments. The Company addresses diversification by the use of mutual fund investments whose underlying investments are in domestic and international debt and equity securities. These mutual funds are
 readily marketable and can be sold to fund benefit payment obligations as they become payable.

Page 81 of 109 

Index 

Equity mutual funds

U.S. government sponsored enterprises

Fixed income mutual funds

Total Plan Assets

Equity mutual funds

U.S. government sponsored enterprises

Total Plan Assets

Page 82 of 109 

Index 

Equity mutual funds

U.S. government sponsored enterprises

Corporate bonds

Fixed income mutual funds 

Total Plan Assets

Equity mutual funds

U.S. government sponsored enterprises

Corporate bonds

Total Plan Assets

contributions
 to its pension and postretirement benefit plans in 2022 or 2021. The Company does t expect to make any contributions to its pension
 and postretirement benefit plans in 2023.

of the aggregate salary contribution up to the first of compensation and of the aggregate contribution of the next . profit sharing
 contributions were made in 2022, 2021 or 2020 but were replaced with Company contributions to the 401(k) feature of the plan. Expenses related to the plan equaled million for both 2022 and 2021, and million for 2020. 

million, million and 
 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Page 83 of 109 

Index 

thousand performance bonus units to the executive officers and directors. These units become vested and exercisable only under a change of control as defined in the plan. The units were awarded based upon the stock price at the time of grant
 and, if exercised under a change of control, allow the holder to receive the increase in value offered in the exchange over the stock price at the date of grant for each unit, if any. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average strike price of
 each unit was . The performance bonus units and the weighted average strike price of each unit were adjusted for the 1 for 5 reverse stock split effective May 28, 2021.

shares of our common stock which is available for issuance pursuant to options, SARs, restricted stock, and restricted stock units (both time based and performance based), to eligible employees and
 directors. This allotment of shares includes the
 authorized but unissued shares remaining available for issuance under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and the Directors Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the Company may issue approximately thousand shares of our common stock pursuant to options, SARs, restricted stock, and restricted stock
 units (both time based and performance based). The plans were adjusted for the 1 for 5 reverse stock split effective May
 28, 2021.

of the fair value of the Company s stock on
 the date of grant, and for an Incentive Stock Option (ISO) granted to a ten-percent shareholder the option price may not be less
 than of the fair value of the Company s stock on the date of the ISO grant. The vesting period and term of the option will
 be determined at the time of the option grant as set forth in the Award Agreement. Options granted under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and the Directors Plan will continue to expire , and vest over , from the date the options were granted. A summary of the status of TrustCo s stock option awards as of December 31, 2022 and changes during the year then ended, are as follows: 

New options awarded - 2022

Expired options - 2022

Options forfeited - 2022

Exercised options - 2022

Balance, December 31, 2022

years

years

thousand. All outstanding options were vested as of December 31, 2022 and there was stock based compensation expense in 2022.

thousand, and thousand shares
 of stock were exercised, respectively, adjusted for the 1 for 5 reverse stock split which occurred on May 28, 2021. There were stock options exercised in 2020. The intrinsic value and related tax benefits of stock options exercised in these years was not material. It is
 the Company s policy to generally issue stock upon stock option exercises from previously unissued shares of common stock or treasury shares .

Page 84 of 109 

Index 

t grant new stock option awards in 2022, 2021, or 2020.

stock-based
 compensation expense recognized in 2022 or 2021. During 2020, the Company recognized thousand in stock-based compensation expense
 related to the equity awards.

New awards granted 

Forfeited awards 

Awards settled 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

vested after , or vest in whole units in equal installments
 from the first through the third year following the award date. Upon issuance, the fair value of these awards is the fair value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Thereafter, the amount of compensation expense recognized is based
 on the fair value of the Company s stock.

million, million and 
 thousand, respectively, in compensation expense related to these awards. Unrecognized compensation expense related to the outstanding restricted share units totaled approximately million at December 31, 2022. During 2022, one third of the awards granted in 2019, 2020 and 2021 became vested and settled. The weighted average period over which the unrecognized expense is expected to be recognized was approximately months as of December 31, 2022.

thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
 and is included in Accrued expense and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. 

Page 85 of 109 

Index 

New awards granted 

Forfeited awards 

Awards settled 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

vested after based upon a cliff-vesting schedule and the satisfaction of performance metrics. Upon issuance, fair value of these units was the fair
 value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Thereafter, the amount of compensation expense recognized is based upon the Company s achievement of certain performance criteria in accordance with Plan provisions as well as the fair value
 of the Company s stock.

million, million and thousand, respectively, in compensation expense related to these units. Unrecognized compensation expense related to the outstanding performance share units totaled million at December 31, 2022. The weighted average period over which the unrecognized expense is expected to be recognized was approximately months as of December 31, 2022.

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
 is included in Accrued expense and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. 

million for 2022, million for 2021 and million in 2020. The Company is contractually obligated to pay these third -party service providers approximately million to million per year
 through 2025. 

Page 86 of 109 

Index 

Weighted average common shares (1)

Effect of dilutive common stock options (1)

Weighted average common shares including potential dilutive shares (1) 

Basic EPS (1)

Diluted EPS (1)

thousand and thousand, respectively, of antidilutive stock options excluded from diluted earnings per share . The stock
 options are antidilutive because the strike price is greater than the average fair value of the Company s common stock for the periods presented.

million and million, respectively. Approximately 
 and of these commitments were for variable rate products at the end of 2022 and 2021, respectively.

million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and represent the maximum potential future payments the Company could be required to make.
 Typically, these instruments have terms of months or less and expire unused; therefore, the total amounts do not necessarily
 represent future cash requirements. Each customer is evaluated individually for creditworthiness under the same underwriting standards used for commitments to extend credit and on-balance sheet instruments. Company policies governing loan
 collateral apply to standby letters of credit at the time of credit extension. Loan to value ratios are generally consistent with loan to value requirements for other commercial loans secured by similar types of collateral. The fair value of the
 Company s standby letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was insignificant.

Page 87 of 109 

Index 

Page 88 of 109 

Index 

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations - residential

Corporate bonds

Small Business Administration - guaranteed participation securities

Other

Total securities available for sale

State and political subdivisions

Mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations - residential

Corporate bonds

Small Business Administration - guaranteed participation securities

Other

Total securities available for sale

Page 89 of 109 

Index 

Sales comparison approach 

Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 

- 

Individually evaluated loans:

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family

Sales comparison approach 

Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 

N/A

Sales comparison approach 

Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 

- 

Impaired loans:

Real estate mortgage - 1 to 4 family

Sales comparison approach 

Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 

N/A 

million at December 31, 2022, and consisted of only residential real estate properties. A valuation charge of thousand is included in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022.

million at December 31, 2022, there are loans that were collateral dependent and are carried at fair value measured on a
 non-recurring basis. Due to the sufficiency of charge-offs taken on these loans and the adequacy of the underlying collateral, there were no specific valuation allowances for these loans at December 31, 2022. There were gross charge-offs related to residential impaired loans included in the table above. 

thousand at December 31, 2021, and consisted of only residential real estate properties. A valuation charge of thousand is included in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021.

million at December 31, 2021, there are impairments that were collateral dependent and are carried at fair value measured on a
 non-recurring basis. Due to the sufficiency of charge-offs taken on these loans and the adequacy of the underlying collateral, there were no specific valuation allowances for these loans at December 31, 2021. There were gross charge-offs related to residential impaired loans included in the table above.

Page 90 of 109 

Index 

Securities available for sale

Held to maturity securities

Federal Reserve Bank and 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Net loans

Accrued interest receivable

Financial liabilities:

Demand deposits

Interest bearing deposits

Short-term borrowings

Accrued interest payable

Securities available for sale

Held to maturity securities

Federal Reserve Bank and 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Net loans

Accrued interest receivable

Financial liabilities:

Demand deposits

Interest bearing deposits

Short-term borrowings

Accrued interest payable

classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly
 undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. If a bank is not classified as well capitalized, its ability to accept brokered deposits is restricted. If a bank is undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and
 expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. The federal banking agencies are required to take certain supervisory actions (and may take additional discretionary actions) with respect to an undercapitalized institution or its holding
 company. Such actions could have a direct material effect on an institution s or its holding company s financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well
 capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category .

Page 91 of 109 

Index 

Common equity Tier 1 capital

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Total risk-based capital

Common equity Tier 1 capital

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Total risk-based capital

Common equity Tier 1 capital

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Total risk-based capital

Common equity Tier 1 capital

Tier 1 risk-based capital

Total risk-based capital

percent. 

Page 92 of 109 

Index 

Net change in overfunded position in pension and postretirement plans arising during the year, net of tax 

Net change in net actuarial gain and prior service credit on pension and pension and postretirement benefit plans, net of
 tax

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Net change in overfunded position in pension and postretirement plans arising during the year, net of tax

Net change in net actuarial gain and prior service cost on pension and pension and postretirement benefit plans, net of tax

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Net change in overfunded position in pension and postretirement plans arising during the year, net of tax

Net change in net actuarial gain and prior service credit on pension and pension and postretirement benefit plans, net of
 tax

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Net gain on securities transactions

Income tax expense

Income taxes

Net of tax

Amortization of pension and postretirement benefit items:

Prior Service Cost 

Amortization of net actuarial gain

Salaries and employee benefits

Amortization of prior service credit (cost)

Salaries and employee benefits

Income tax benefit

Income taxes

Net of tax

Total reclassifications, net of tax

Page 93 of 109 

Index 

Other

Interchange Income

Net gain on securities transactions (a)

Wealth management fees

Other (a)

Total non-interest income

Page 94 of 109 

Index 

t have any leases for which any related construction had
 not yet started. At December 31, 2022 lease expiration dates ranged from to years and have a weighted average remaining lease term of years. Certain leases provide for increases in future minimum annual rental payments as defined in the lease agreements. As mentioned above the leases generally also include variable lease components which
 include real estate taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance CAM charges in the annual rental payments. 

Variable
 lease cost

Total Lease
 costs

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:

Weighted average remaining lease term (years)

Weighted average discount rate

Page 95 of 109 

Index 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total lease
 payments

Less:
 Interest

Present value
 of lease liabilities

entities that own commercial real estate leased by the Company for use as branch
 locations. Total future lease payments from the Company to those entities, which are included in the table above, at December 31, 2022, were 
 million, which includes interest in the amount of thousand.

million and million, respectively.

Page 96 of 109 

Index 

Net gain on securities transactions

Miscellaneous income

Total income

Expense:

Operating supplies

Professional services

Miscellaneous expense

Total expense

Income before income taxes and subsidiaries undistributed earnings

Income tax benefit

Income before subsidiaries undistributed earnings

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Net income

Change in other comprehensive (loss) income

Comprehensive income

Investments in subsidiaries

Securities available for sale

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and shareholders equity:

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Total liabilities

Shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

Page 97 of 109 

Index 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Stock based compensation expense

Net change in other assets and accrued expenses

Total adjustments

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of securities available for sale

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Cash used to settle fractional shares in the Reverse Stock Split

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

Dividends paid

Payments to acquire treasury stock

Proceeds from sales of treasury stock

Net cash used in financing activities

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Page 98 of 109 

Index 

Branch Locations

New York

Airmont Office

Brunswick Office

East Greenbush Office

327 Route 59 East

740 Hoosick Rd.

501 Columbia Tpk.

Airmont, NY

Troy, NY

Rensselaer, NY

Telephone: (845) 357-2435

Telephone: (518) 272-0213

Telephone: (518) 479-7233

Altamont Ave. Office

Campbell West Plaza Office

Elmsford Office

1400 Altamont Ave.

141 West Campbell Rd.

100 Clearbrook Rd.

Schenectady, NY

Rotterdam, NY

Elmsford, NY

Telephone: (518) 356-1317

Telephone: (518) 377-2393

Telephone: (914) 345-1808

Altamont Ave. West Office

Catskill Office

Exit 8 Office

1900 Altamont Ave.

238 West Bridge St.

1541 Crescent Rd.

Rotterdam, NY

Catskill, NY

Clifton Park, NY

Telephone: (518) 355-1900

Telephone: (518) 943-5090

Telephone: (518) 383-0039

Amsterdam Office

Chatham Office

Exit 11 Office

4931 Route 30

193 Hudson Ave.

43 Round Lake Rd.

Amsterdam, NY

Chatham, NY

Ballston Lake, NY

Telephone: (518) 842-5459

Telephone: (518) 392-0031

Telephone: (518) 899-1558

Ardsley Office

Clifton Country Road Office

Fishkill Office

33-35 Center St.

7 Clifton Country Rd.

1545 Route 52

Ardsley, NY

Clifton Park, NY

Fishkill, NY

Telephone: (914) 693-3254

Telephone: (518) 371-5002

Telephone: (845) 896-8260

Ballston Spa Office

Clifton Park Office

Freemans Bridge Rd. Office

235 Church Ave.

1026 Route 146

1 Sarnowski Dr.

Ballston Spa, NY

Clifton Park, NY

Glenville, NY

Telephone: (518) 885-1561

Telephone: (518) 371-8451

Telephone: (518) 344-7510

Balltown Road Office

Cobleskill Office

Glenmont Office

1475 Balltown Rd.

104 Merchant Pl.

380 Route 9W

Niskayuna, NY

Cobleskill, NY

Glenmont, NY

Telephone: (518) 377-2460

Telephone: (518) 254-0290

Telephone: (518) 449-2128

Brandywine Office

Colonie Office

Glens Falls Office

1048 State St.

1818 Central Ave.

100 Glen St.

Schenectady, NY

Albany, NY

Glens Falls, NY

Telephone: (518) 346-4295

Telephone: (518) 456-0041

Telephone: (518) 798-8131

Briarcliff Manor Office

Crestwood Plaza Office

Greenwich Office

75 North State Rd.

415 Whitehall Rd.

131 Main St.

Briarcliff Manor, NY

Albany, NY

Greenwich, NY

Telephone: (914) 762-7133

Telephone: (518) 482-0693

Telephone: (518) 692-2233

Bronxville Office

Delmar Office

Guilderland Office

5-7 Park Pl.

167 Delaware Ave.

3900 Carman Rd.

Bronxville, NY

Delmar, NY

Schenectady, NY

Telephone: (914) 771-4180

Telephone: (518) 439-9941

Telephone: (518) 355-4890

Page 99 of 109 

Index 

Branch Locations

(continued)

Halfmoon Office

Latham Office

Mont Pleasant Office

215 Guideboard Rd.

1 Johnson Rd.

959 Crane St.

Halfmoon, NY

Latham, NY

Schenectady, NY

Telephone: (518) 371-0593

Telephone: (518) 785-0761

Telephone: (518) 346-1267

Hartsdale Office

Loudon Plaza Office

Mt. Kisco Office

220 East Hartsdale Ave.

372 Northern Blvd.

222 East Main St.

Hartsdale, NY

Albany, NY

Mt. Kisco, NY

Telephone: (914) 722-2640

Telephone: (518) 462-6668

Telephone: (914) 666-2362

Highland Office

Madison Ave. Office

New City Office

3580 Route 9W

1084 Madison Ave.

20 Squadron Blvd.

Highland, NY

Albany, NY

New City, NY

Telephone: (845) 691-7023

Telephone: (518) 489-4711

Telephone: (845) 634-4571

Hoosick Falls Office

Mahopac Office

New Scotland Office

47 Main St.

945 South Lake Blvd.

301 New Scotland Ave.

Hoosick Falls, NY

Mahopac, NY

Albany, NY

Telephone: (518) 686-5352

Telephone: (845) 803-8756

Telephone: (518) 438-7838

Hudson Office

Malta 4 Corners Office

Newton Plaza Office

507 Warren St.

2471 Route 9

602 New Loudon Rd.

Hudson, NY

Malta, NY

Latham, NY

Telephone: (518) 828-9434

Telephone: (518) 899-1056

Telephone: (518) 786-3687

Hudson Falls Office

Mamaroneck Office

Niskayuna-Woodlawn Office

3750 Burgoyne Ave.

180-190 East Boston Post Rd.

3461 State St.

Hudson Falls, NY

Mamaroneck, NY

Schenectady, NY

Telephone: (518) 747-0886

Telephone: (914) 777-3023

Telephone: (518) 377-2264

Katonah Office

Mayfair Office

Northern Pines Office

18 Woods Bridge Rd.

286 Saratoga Rd.

649 Maple Ave.

Katonah, NY

Glenville, NY

Saratoga Springs, NY

Telephone: (914) 666-6230

Telephone: (518) 399-9121

Telephone: (518) 583-2634

Kimberly Square Office

Mechanicville Office

Nyack Office

477 Albany Shaker Rd.

9 Price Chopper Plaza

388 Route 59

Albany, NY

Mechanicville, NY

Nyack, NY

Telephone: (518) 992-7323

Telephone: (518) 664-1059

Telephone: (845) 535-3728

Kingston Office

Milton Office

Peekskill Office

1220 Ulster Ave.

2 Trieble Ave.

20 Welcher Ave.

Kingston, NY

Ballston Spa, NY

Peekskill, NY

Telephone: (845) 336-5372

Telephone: (518) 885-0498

Telephone: (914) 739-1839

Lake George Office

Monroe Office

Pelham Office

4066 Route 9L

791 Route 17M

132 Fifth Ave.

Lake George, NY

Monroe, NY

Pelham, NY

Telephone: (518) 668-2352

Telephone: (845) 782-1100

Telephone: (914) 632-1983

Page 100 of 109 

Index 

Branch Locations

(continued)

Poughkeepsie Office

Sheridan Plaza Office

Ushers Road Office

2656 South Rd.

1350 Gerling St.

308 Ushers Rd.

Poughkeepsie, NY

Schenectady, NY

Ballston Lake, NY

Telephone: (845) 485-7413

Telephone: (518) 377-8517

Telephone: (518) 877-8069

Queensbury Office

Slingerlands Office

Valatie Office

118 Quaker Rd.

1569 New Scotland Rd.

2929 Route 9

Suite 1

Slingerlands, NY

Valatie, NY

Queensbury, NY

Telephone: (518) 439-9352

Telephone: (518) 758-2265

Telephone: (518) 798-7226

South Glens Falls Office

Wappingers Falls Office

Red Hook Office

133 Saratoga Rd.

1490 Route 9

4 Morgans Way

Suite 1

Wappingers Falls, NY

Red Hook, NY

South Glens Falls, NY

Telephone: (845) 298-9315

Telephone: (845) 752-2224

Telephone: (518) 793-7668

Warrensburg Office

Rotterdam Office

State Farm Road Office

9 Lake George Plaza Rd.

1416 Curry Rd.

2050 Western Ave.

Lake George, NY

Schenectady, NY

Guilderland, NY

Telephone: (518) 623-3707

Telephone: (518) 355-8330

Telephone: (518) 452-6913

West Sand Lake Office

Route 2 Office

State St. Albany Office

3690 NY Route 43

201 Troy-Schenectady Rd.

112 State St.

West Sand Lake, NY

Latham, NY

Albany, NY

Telephone: (518) 674-3327

Telephone: (518) 785-7155

Telephone: (518) 436-9043

Wilton Mall Office

Route 7 Office

State St. Schenectady - Main Office

3065 NY-50

1156 Troy-Schenectady Rd.

320 State St.

Saratoga Springs, NY

Latham, NY

Schenectady, NY

Telephone: (518) 583-1716

Telephone: (518) 785-4744

Telephone: (518) 381-3831

Wolf Road Office

Saratoga Springs Office

Stuyvesant Plaza Office

34 Wolf Rd.

34 Congress St.

1475 Western Ave.

Albany, NY

Saratoga Springs, NY

Albany, NY

Telephone: (518) 458-7761

Telephone: (518) 587-3520

Telephone: (518) 489-2616

Wynantskill Office

Schaghticoke Office

Troy Office

134-136 Main St.

2 Main St.

1700 5 th Ave.

Wynantskill, NY

Schaghticoke, NY

Troy, NY

Telephone: (518) 286-2674

Telephone: (518) 753-6509

Telephone: (518) 274-5420

Scotia Office

Upper Union Street Office

123 Mohawk Ave.

1620 Union St.

Scotia, NY

Schenectady, NY

Telephone: (518) 372-9416

Telephone: (518) 374-4056

Page 101 of 109 

Index 

Branch Locations

(continued)

Florida

Alafaya Woods Office

Curry Ford Road Office

Lake Brantley Office

1500 Alafaya Trl.

3020 Lamberton Blvd., Suite 116

909 North SR 434

Oviedo, FL

Orlando, FL

Altamonte Springs, FL

Telephone: (407) 359-5991

Telephone: (407) 277-9663

Telephone: (407) 339-3396

Aloma Office

Curry Ford West Office

Lake Mary Office

4070 Aloma Ave.

2838 Curry Ford Rd.

350 West Lake Mary Blvd.

Winter Park, FL

Orlando, FL

Sanford, FL

Telephone: (407) 677-1969

Telephone: (407) 893-9878

Telephone: (407) 330-7106

Apollo Beach Office

Davenport Office

Lake Nona Office

205 Apollo Beach Blvd.

2300 Deer Creek Commons Ln.

9360 Narcoossee Rd.

Apollo Beach, FL

Suite 600

Orlando, FL

Telephone: (813) 649-0460

Davenport, FL

Telephone: (407) 801-7330

Telephone: (863) 424-9493

Apopka Office

Lake Square Office

1134 North Rock Springs Rd.

Dean Road Office

10105 Route 441

Apopka, FL

3920 Dean Rd.

Leesburg, FL

Telephone: (407) 464-7373

Orlando, FL

Telephone: (352) 323-8147

Telephone: (407) 657-8001

Avalon Park Office

Lee Road Office

3662 Avalon Park East Blvd.

Downtown Orlando Office

1084 Lee Rd., Suite 11

Orlando, FL

415 East Pine St.

Orlando, FL

Telephone: (407) 380-2264

Orlando, FL

Telephone: (407) 532-5211

Telephone: (407) 422-7129

Bay Hill Office

Lee Vista Office

6084 Apopka Vineland Rd.

East Colonial Office

8288 Lee Vista Blvd., Suite E

Orlando, FL

12901 East Colonial Dr.

Orlando, FL

Telephone: (321) 251-1859

Orlando, FL

Telephone: (321) 235-5583

Telephone: (407) 275-3075

BeeLine Center Office

Leesburg Office

10249 South John Young Pkwy.

Englewood Office

1330 Citizens Blvd., Suite 101

Suite 101

2930 South McCall Rd.

Leesburg, FL

Orlando, FL

Englewood, FL

Telephone: (352) 365-1305

Telephone: (407) 240-0945

Telephone: (941) 460-0601

Maitland Office

Beneva Village Office

Gateway Commons Office

9400 US Route 17/92, Suite 101

5950 South Beneva Rd.

1525 East Osceola Pkwy., Suite 120

Maitland, FL

Sarasota, FL

Kissimmee, FL

Telephone: (407) 332-6071

Telephone: (941) 923-8269

Telephone: (407) 932-0398

Melbourne Office

Bradenton Office

Juno Beach Office

2481 Croton Rd.

5858 Cortez Rd. West

14051 US Highway 1

Melbourne, FL

Bradenton, FL

Juno Beach, FL

Telephone: (321) 752 0446

Telephone: (941) 792-2604

Telephone: (561) 630-4521

Colonial Drive Office

Lady Lake Office

Metro West Office

4301 East Colonial Dr.

873 North US Highway 27/441

2619 S. Hiawassee Rd.

Orlando, FL

Lady Lake, FL

Orlando, FL

Telephone: (407) 895-6393

Telephone: (352) 205-8893

Telephone: (407) 293-1580

Page 102 of 109 

Index 

Branch Locations

(continued)

North Clermont Office

Rinehart Road Office

Vero Beach Office

12302 Roper Blvd.

1185 Rinehart Rd.

4125 20th St.

Clermont, FL

Sanford, FL

Vero Beach, FL

Telephone: (352) 243-2563

Telephone: (407) 268-3720

Telephone: (772) 492-9295

Orange City Office

Sarasota Office

Westwood Plaza Office

902 Saxon Blvd., Suite 101

2704 Bee Ridge Rd.

4942 West State Route 46

Orange City, FL

Sarasota, FL

Suite 1050

Telephone: (386) 775-1392

Telephone: (941) 929-9451

Sanford, FL

Telephone: (407) 321-4925

Ormond Beach Office

South Clermont Office

115 North Nova Rd.

16908 High Grove Blvd.

Windermere Office

Ormond Beach, FL

Clermont, FL

2899 Maguire Rd.

Telephone: (386) 256-3813

Telephone: (352) 243-9511

Windermere, FL

Telephone: (407) 654-0498

Osprey Office

Stuart Office

1300 South Tamiami Trl.

951 SE Federal Highway

Winter Garden Office

Osprey, FL

Stuart, FL

16118 Marsh Rd.

Telephone: (941) 918-9380

Telephone: (772) 286-4757

Winter Garden, FL

Telephone: (407) 654-4609

Oviedo Office

Sun City Center

1875 West County Rd. 419

4441 Sun City Center Blvd.

Winter Haven Office

Suite 600

Sun City Center, FL

7476 Cypress Gardens Blvd. Southeast

Oviedo, FL

Telephone: (813) 633-1468

Winter Haven, FL

Telephone: (407) 365-1145

Telephone: (863) 326-1918

Sweetwater Office

Palm Coast Office

671 North Hunt Club Rd.

Winter Park Office

120 Belle Terre Pkwy.

Longwood, FL

1211 N. Orange Ave.

Palm Coast, FL

Telephone: (407) 774-1347

Winter Park, FL

Telephone: (386)524-5044

Telephone: (407) 755-6707

Tuskawilla Road Office

Pleasant Hill Commons Office

1295 Tuskawilla Rd., Suite 10

Winter Springs Office

3307 South Orange Blossom Trl.

Winter Springs, FL

851 East State Route 434

Kissimmee, FL

Telephone: (407) 695-5558

Winter Springs, FL

Telephone: (407) 846-8866

Telephone: (407) 327-6064

Venice Office

Port Orange Office

2057 South Tamiami Trl.

3751 Clyde Morris Blvd.

Venice, FL

Port Orange, FL

Telephone: (941) 496-9100

Telephone: (386) 322-3730

Page 103 of 109 

Index 

Branch Locations

(continued)

Massachusetts

New Jersey

Vermont

Allendale Office

Northvale Office

Bennington Office

5 Cheshire Rd.

220 Livingston St.

215 North St.

Suite 18

Northvale, NJ

Bennington, VT

Pittsfield, MA

Telephone: (201) 750-1501

Telephone: (802) 447-4952

Telephone: (413) 236-8400

Ramsey Office

385 North Franklin Tpk.

Ramsey, NJ

Telephone: (201) 934-1429

Page 104 of 109 

Index 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, AND CHIEF

Dennis A. De Gennaro , President

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Camelot Associates Corporation

Robert J. McCormick

Commercial and Residential Construction

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

Brian C. Flynn, CPA

RETAIL BANKING

KPMG LLP

Kevin M. Curley

Retired Partner

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

Lisa M. Lucarelli, Private Investor

CORPORATE

SERVICES AND RISK

Thomas O. Maggs , President

Robert M. Leonard

Maggs Associates

Insurance Broker

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Anthony J. Marinello , M.D., Ph.D. Consultant

Michael M. Ozimek

EmblemHealth

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

Robert J. McCormick ,

COMMERCIAL BANKING

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Scot R. Salvador

TrustCo Bank Corp NY

Chairman, TrustCo Bank Corp NY

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND

TREASURER

Curtis N. Powell, Vice President

Eric W. Schreck

Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute

GENERAL COUNSEL AND CORPORATE

Kimberly A. Russell, President COO

SECRETARY

Frank Adams Jewelers, Inc

Michael Hall

Alejandro Alex M. Sanchez, President and CEO

Directors of TrustCo Bank Corp NY

Florida Bankers Association

are also Directors of Trustco Bank

Frank B. Silverman

Managing member of Vision Development and Management

Managing member of Central Florida Championship Karate

Executive Director of the Martial Arts Industry Association

HONORARY DIRECTORS

Lionel O. Barthold

James H. Murphy, D.D.S.

Nancy A. McNamara

William F. Terry

Page 105 of 109 

Index 

Trustco Bank Officers

CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT,

BRANCH ADMINISTRATION (Cont.) 

FINANCIAL SERVICES (Cont.) 

AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Assistant Vice Presidents (cont.)

Officer

Robert J. McCormick

Nicolette C. Messina

Michael D. Bates

Gloryvel Morales

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

James J. Smith

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY/

RETAIL BANKING

Jocelyn E. Vizcarra

PLANNING AND SYSTEMS/

Kevin M. Curley

Officers

MARKETING

Victor J. Berger

Senior Vice President

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

Ronni H. Domowitz

John R. George

CORPORATE SERVICES AND

Albert N. Estopinal

Vice President and

RISK

Philip J. Kaufman

Chief Technology Officer

Robert M. Leonard

John D. Mariani

Volney R. LaRowe

Ronald G. Patterson

Vice President

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND

Seeranie Ramjeet

Adam E. Roselan

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Berkley K. Young

Officers

Michael M. Ozimek

Sean Dougherty

COLLECTIONS/ OPERATIONS/

Jonathan R. Goodell

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

CREDIT

COMMERCIAL BANKING

Assistant Vice President

LENDING

Scot R. Salvador

Lesly Jean-Louis

Senior Vice President

Officer

Michelle L. Simmonds

EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT

Aislinn E. Melia

Administrative Vice President

AND FLORIDA REGIONAL

Michelle M. Raymond

PRESIDENT

COMPLIANCE/ RISK/ BSA/

Vice Presidents

Eric W. Schreck

CREDIT ADMINISTRATION

Suzanne E. Breen

Senior Vice President and Chief

Patrick M. Canavan

GENERAL COUNSEL AND

Compliance Officer and Information

William J. Chow

CORPORATE SECRETARY

Security Officer

Assistant Vice Presidents

Michael Hall

Michael J. Ewell

Takla A. Awad

Administrative Vice President

Nancy L. Brown

ACCOUNTING/FINANCE

Michael J. Lofrumento

Michael L. Curtis

Vice Presidents

Vice Presidents

Loriann F. Lucarelli

Lynn M. Hallenbeck

Lara Ann Gough

Pratik A. Shah

Michael Rydberg

Jennifer L. Meadows

Officers

Officer

Assistant Vice President

Douglas L. Hall

Jeff P. Klingbeil

Michael V. Pitnell

Joseph Lucarelli

Officers

Rebecca L. O'Hare

AUDIT

Amanda L. Biance

Sara Steinback

Director of Internal Audit

Michael F. McMahon

Lisa Tully

Daniel R. Saullo

June M. Ryder

Officers

Allison R. Downs

FINANCIAL SERVICES

PERSONNEL/

Kenneth E. Hughes Jr.

Administrative Vice President and

QUALITY CONTROL/

Dennis M. Pitaniello

Chief Trust Officer

TRAINING

Patrick J. LaPorta, Esq.

Assistant Vice Presidents

BRANCH ADMINISTRATION

Vice President

Jason T. Goodell

Senior Vice President

Thomas M. Poitras

Jessica M. Marshall

Carly K. Batista

Assistant Vice President and

Assistant Vice Presidents

Assistant Corporate Secretary

Mark J. Cooper

Lauren A. Maxwell

William B. Jansz

Assistant Vice President

Stacy L. Marble

John W. Bresonis

Thomas L. McCormick

Page 106 of 109 

Index 

General Information

ANNUAL MEETING

Thursday, May 18, 2023

10:00 AM

Albany, NY 12205

CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS

5 Sarnowski Drive

Glenville, NY 12302

(518) 377-3311

DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN

A Dividend Reinvestment Plan is available to shareholders of TrustCo Bank Corp NY. It provides for the reinvestment of cash dividends and optional cash payments to purchase
 additional shares of TrustCo stock. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan has certain administrative charges and provides a convenient method of acquiring additional shares. Computershare acts as administrator for this service and is the agent for
 shareholders in these transactions. Shareholders who want additional information may contact Computershare at 1-800-368-5948.

DIRECT DEPOSIT OF DIVIDENDS

Electronic deposit of dividends, which offers safety and convenience, is available to TrustCo shareholders who wish to have dividends deposited directly to personal checking, savings
 or other accounts. If you would like to arrange direct deposit, please write to Computershare listed as transfer agent at the bottom of this page.

FORM 10-K

TrustCo Bank Corp NY will provide, without charge, a copy of its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 upon written request. Requests and related inquiries should be
 directed to Robert M. Leonard, Executive Vice President Corporate Services and Risk, TrustCo Bank Corp NY, P.O. Box 380, Schenectady, New York 12301-0380.

CODE OF CONDUCT

TrustCo Bank Corp NY will provide, without charge, a copy of its Code of Conduct upon written request. Requests and related inquiries should be directed to Michael Hall, Corporate
 Secretary, TrustCo Bank Corp NY, P.O. Box 1082, Schenectady, New York 12301-1082. The Code of Conduct also is available on the Company s web site at www.trustcobank.com under the Investor Relations link.

NASDAQ SYMBOL: TRST

The Corporation s common stock trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol TRST. There were approximately 7,603 shareholders of record of TrustCo common stock as of January
 31, 2023.

SUBSIDIARIES:

Trustco Bank

Glenville, New York

Member FDIC

(and its wholly owned subsidiaries)

Trustco Realty Corp

Glenville, New York

Trustco Insurance Agency, Inc.

Glenville, New York

ORE Property, Inc.

Glenville, New York

(and its wholly owned subsidiaries)

ORE Property One, Inc.

Orlando, Florida

ORE Property Two, Inc.

Orlando, Florida

ORE Subsidiary Corporation

Glenville, New York

Page 107 of 109 

Index 

TRANSFER AGENT

Computershare

Regular Mail

PO BOX 505000

Louisville, KY 40233-5000

UNITED STATES

Overnight Delivery

462 South 4th Street

Suite 1600 Louisville, KY 40202

UNITED STATES

Toll Free: 1-800-368-5948 or 1-781-575-4223

Trustco Bank is a registered service mark with the U.S. Patent Trademark Office.

Page 108 of 109 

Index 

Share Price Information

The following graph shows changes over a five-year period in the value of 100 invested in: (1) TrustCo s common stock; (2) Russell 2000 and (3) the S P U.S BMI
 Banks Index. The S P U.S. BMI Banks Index is an industry group compiled by S P Global Market Intelligence, that includes all major exchange (NYSE, NYSE MKT, NASDAQ) banks and thrifts in S P s coverage universe. The index included 270
 companies as of December 31, 2022. A list of the component companies can be obtained by contacting TrustCo.

Page 109 of 109 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 4
 brhc10048869_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21

SUBSIDIARIES OF TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

Trustco Bank

Federal savings bank

ORE Subsidiary Corp.

New York corporation

Trustco Realty Corp.

New York corporation (Subsidiary of Trustco Bank)

Trustco Insurance Agency, Inc.

New York corporation (Subsidiary of Trustco Bank)

ORE Property, Inc.

New York corporation (Subsidiary of Trustco Bank)

ORE Property One, Inc.

Florida corporation (Subsidiary of ORE Property, Inc.)

ORE Property Two, Inc.

Florida corporation (Subsidiary of ORE Property, Inc.)

Each subsidiary does business under its own name. The activities of each are described in Part I, Item 1 of Form 10-K.

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 brhc10048869_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Board of Directors

 TrustCo Bank Corp NY

We consent to incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements, Form S-8 (No.
 333-175868), Form S-8 (No. 333-233122), Form S-8 (No. 333-175867), Form S-8 (No. 333-206685), and Form S-3 (No. 333-238208) of TrustCo Bank Corp NY of our report dated March 1, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
 TrustCo Bank Corp NY and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting which is incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TrustCo Bank Corp NY for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/Crowe LLP

New York, New York

March 1, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 brhc10048869_ex24.htm
 EXHIBIT 24

Exhibit 24

Power of Attorney

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned, being a director of TrustCo Bank Corp NY, a New York corporation (the Company ), hereby constitutes and appoints Michael M. Ozimek and Robert M. Leonard,
 and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power to act separately and full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any amendments thereto, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing as fully and to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do
 in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their substitute or resubstitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has hereunto set his or her signature on the dates indicated.

/s/ Brian C. Flynn

/s/ Dennis A. De Gennaro

Brian C. Flynn

Dennis A. De Gennaro

February 21, 2023

February 21, 2023

/s/ Robert J. McCormick

/s/ Thomas O. Maggs

Robert J. McCormick

Thomas O. Maggs

February 21, 2023

February 21, 2023

/s/ Kimberly A. Russell

/s/ Dr. Anthony J.Marinello

Kimberly A. Russell

Dr. Anthony J.Marinello

February 21, 2023

February 20, 2023

/s/ Lisa M. Lucarelli

/s/ Alejandro M. Sanchez

Lisa M. Lucarelli

Alejandro M. Sanchez

February 21, 2023

February 21, 2023

/s/ Curtis N. Powell

/s/ Frank B. Silverman

Curtis N. Powell

Frank B. Silverman

February 21, 2023

February 21, 2023 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.(I)(A)>
 7
 brhc10048869_ex31ia.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(I)(A)

Exhibit 31(i)(a)

Certification

 I, Robert J. McCormick , certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 1, 2023

/s/ Robert J. McCormick 

Robert J. McCormick

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.(I)(A)>

<EX-31.(I)(B)>
 8
 brhc10048869_ex31ib.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(I)(B)

Exhibit 31(i)(b)

Certification

I, Michael M. Ozimek , certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I, are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting.

Date: March 1, 2023

/s/ Michael M. Ozimek 

 Michael M. Ozimek

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.(I)(B)>

<EX-32>
 9
 brhc10048869_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32

Section 1350 Certifications

In connection with the Annual Report of TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge:

1.

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company for the periods described therein.

/s/ Robert J. McCormick 

Robert J. McCormick

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Michael M. Ozimek 

Michael M. Ozimek

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

March 1, 2023

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 trst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 trst-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 trst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 trst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 trst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

