<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230209_10-K_edgar_data_1566243_0001753926-23-000115.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1807770</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71582</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>398589</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>453570</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>380920</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>464381</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001753926-23-000115.hdr.sgml : 20230209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230209162216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-23-000115
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arax Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001566243
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				990376721
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-185928
		FILM NUMBER:		23606540

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-768-8417

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001753926-23-000115.txt : 20230209

10-K
 1
 g083369_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

 COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

6770 

 (Primary
Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 

(IRS
Employer Identification No.) 

,

- 

 (Address
and telephone number of registrant s executive office) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting
 company 

Emerging growth
 company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of January 17,
2023, was approximately based on a closing price of 0.45 as of such date. Solely for purposes of this disclosure,
shares of common stock held by executive officers, directors, and beneficial holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common
stock of the registrant as of such date have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. 

As
of February 7, 2023 the Registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 2 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 2 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 2 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 2 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 2 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 3 

Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 3 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 3 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 5 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 6 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 6 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 7 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 8 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 10 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 10 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 11 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 11 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 13 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

As
used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , mean Arax
Holdings Corp. unless otherwise indicated. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
statements regarding our ability to locate and acquire an operating business and the resources and efforts we intend to dedicate
to such an endeavor, our development of a viable business plan and commencement of operations, and our ability to locate sources
of capital necessary to commence operations or otherwise meet our business needs and objectives. All statements other than statements
of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our future financial position, liquidity, business
strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, 
 may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should, 
 plan, could, target, potential, is likely, will, 
 expect and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have
based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends
that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. 

The
results anticipated by any or all of these forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties and risks
that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A. 
Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of
new information, future events or otherwise. 

Description
of Business 

Arax
Holdings Corp. (the Company , we , our or us was incorporated under the
laws of the State of Nevada on February 23, 2012 with a business plan to sell hot dogs from mobile hot dog stands throughout the
major cities in Mexico. As of the filing of the 10K for 2016, the Company stated that it was re-evaluating its business plan. 

We
have been dormant from May 2005 through October 31, 2020. As of the date of this Report, we intend to engage in what we believe
to be synergistic acquisitions or joint ventures with a company or companies that we believe will enhance our business plan. There
are no assurances we will be able to consummate any acquisitions using our securities as consideration, or at all. Numerous things
will need to occur to allow us to implement this aspect of our business plan and there are no assurances that any of these developments
will occur, or if they do occur, that we will be successful in fully implementing our plan. 

On
December 30, 2020, as a result of a custodianship in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-20-825346-B, Custodian Ventures LLC Custodian was appointed custodian of the Company. On the same date, Custodian appointed David Lazar as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

On
June 24, 2021, as a result of a private transaction, 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share
(the Shares of Arax Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), were transferred from Custodian
Ventures, LLC to Michael Pieter Loubser (the Purchaser ). As a result, the Purchaser became an approximately 90.6 
holder of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully-diluted basis of the Company,
and became the controlling shareholder. In connection with the transaction, David Lazar released the Company from all debts owed
to him and/or Custodian Ventures, LLC. 

On
June 24, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an
officer, ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and
a Director. At the effective date of the transfer, Michael Pieter Loubser consented to act as the new Chairman of the Board of
Directors of the Company, Ockert Cornelius Loubser consented to act as the new Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Rastislav
Va i ka consented to act as the new Chief Information Officer of the Company. 

On
August 31st, 2021, the Company appointed Christopher D. Strachan as its Chief Financial Officer. The Company began a transition
into a software and technology holding company, negotiating agreements with various technology companies in Europe to acquire
some of their related assets. The Company is actively working to remove the shell status and has commenced operations. 

1 

Competition
and Market Conditions 

We
will face substantial competition in our efforts to identify and pursue a business venture. The primary source of competition
is expected to be from other companies organized and funded for similar purposes, including small venture capital firms, blank
check companies, and wealthy investors, many of which may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do.
In light of our limited financial and human resources, we are at a competitive disadvantage compared to many of our competitors
in our efforts to obtain an operating business or assets necessary to commence our operations in a new field. Additionally, with
the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic, many venture capital firms and similar firms and individuals have been
seeking to acquire businesses at discounted rates, and we therefore currently face additional competition and resultant difficulty
obtaining a business. We expect these conditions to persist at least until such time as the economy recovers. Further, even if
we are successful in obtaining a business or assets for new operations, we expect there to be enhanced barriers to entry in the
marketplace in which we decide to operate as a result of reduced demand and/or increased raw material costs caused by the pandemic
and other economic forces that are beyond our control. 

Regulation 

As
of the date of this Report, we are required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Depending
on the direction management decides to take and a business or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may become subject to
other laws or regulations that require us to make material expenditures on compliance including the increasing state level regulation
of privacy. Any such requirements could require us to divert significant human and capital resources on compliance, which could
have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have employees. However our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information
Officer provide part-time consulting services to us with deferred compensation fees. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
this item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company s principal business and corporate address is 30 North Gould Street, Sheridan, WY 82801. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
currently are not a party to any material litigation or other material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently
not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

2 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is not listed on any securities exchange, and is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol ARAT 
Because our Common Stock is not listed on a securities exchange and its quotations on OTC Pink are limited and sporadic, there
is currently no established public trading market for our Common Stock. 

Holders 

As
of February 7, 2023 there were 35 shareholders of record of the Company s Common Stock based upon the records of the shareholders
provided by the Company s transfer agent. The Company s transfer agent is Vstock Transfer, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere,
New York 11598, Telephone # 212-828-8436. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

We
have previously disclosed all sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
this item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

The Company
has no operations or revenue as of October 31, 2022. We are currently in the process of developing a business plan. Management
intends to explore and identify viable business opportunities within the U.S. including seeking to acquire a business in a reverse
merger. Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and
uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic
on the U.S. and global economies. The Company has signed a Binding Letter of Intent and Deal Terms with a technology company to
acquire some of their IP and technology assets together with limited liabilities. The Company continues to explore other acquisitions
to further strengthen their ability to provide shareholder value and has begun operations. On December 13, 2022 the Company entered
into an agreement to purchase the assets, software IP, and some liabilities of Core Business Holdings which is anticipated to
be completed in the second fiscal quarter of 2023. This acquisition brings revenue and assets into the company to develop shareholder
value. .For more information about the risk of Covid-19 on our business, see Item 1.A. - Risk Factors . 

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company has no operations from a continuing business other than the expenditures related to running the Company and has no revenue
from continuing operations as of the date of this Report. 

Management
intends to explore and identify business opportunities within the U.S. and Europe, including a potential acquisition of an operating
entity through a reverse merger, asset purchase or similar transaction. Our Chief Executive Officer has experience in business
consulting, although no assurances can be given that he can identify and implement a viable business strategy or that any such
strategy will result in profits. Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may
be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects
of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information about the risk of coronavirus on our business,
see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

3 

We have not engaged in any business activities
that provided revenue or cash flow. During the next 12-month period we anticipate incurring costs in connection with investigating,
evaluating, and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating an acquisition of an operating
business. The Company has entered into an acquisition agreement acquiring the technology, IP and assets of Core Business Holdings
which will bring significant assets and potential revenues for the company. 

Given
our limited capital resources, we may consider a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations,
is a developing company or is otherwise in need of additional funds for the development of new products or services or expansion
into new markets, or is an established business experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional
capital. Alternatively, a business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, an entity which desires access
to the U.S. capital markets. 

As of the date of this Report, our management
has had discussions with representatives of many other entity regarding a potential business combination. These negotiations have
led the Company to enter into a Binding Letter of Intent and Deal Terms for the acquisition of certain IP and technologies together
with some liabilities for the purpose of expanding operations and bringing further value to its shareholders Any target business
that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such event, we expect to be subject to numerous
risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early-stage entity. In addition, we may effect a business
combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our management has limited experience,
and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance
that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our
management anticipates that we will likely only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack
of diversification will likely pose a substantial risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not
permit us to offset potential losses from one venture or operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will
likely be heightened to the extent we acquire a business operating in a single industry or geographical region. 

We
anticipate that the selection of a business combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic
conditions, including unfavorable conditions caused by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some
industries and shortages of available capital, management believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities
at this time at discounted rates with which we will compete. We expect that any potentially available business combinations may
appear in a variety of different industries or regions and at various stages of development, all of which will likely render the
task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complicated. Once we have
developed and begun to implement our business plan, management intends to fund our working capital requirements through a combination
of our existing funds and future issuances of debt or equity securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase
in line with the implementation of a business plan and commencement of operations. 

Based
upon our current operations, we do not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are
able to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties,
we cannot be certain as to how much capital we need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection
with a reverse merger, we will be required to issue a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which
will be very dilutive. 

Additional
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities
might have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable
terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage
of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

4 

We
anticipate that we will incur operating losses in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file
reports with the SEC. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies in their early stage of development. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and
unpredictable business model, recognition of revenue sources, and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among
other things, develop, implement, and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, respond to competitive developments,
and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing
such risks, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

COVID-19
Update 

To
date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company, particularly due to our current lack of operations.
The pandemic may, however, have an impact on our ability to evaluate and acquire an operating entity through a reverse merger
or otherwise. See Item 1A Risk Factors for more information. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current
or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Going
Concern 

The
independent registered public accounting firm auditors report accompanying our October 31, 2022 financial statements contained
an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our
assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

5 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Arax Holdings Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Arax Holdings Corp. as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues
to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters are matters
arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical
audit matters. 

/S/ (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 

February 9, 2023 

F- 2 

ARAX
HOLDINGS CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEET 

October 31, 
2022 
 October 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred Stock Series A, par value , shares authorized, and - - shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, Par Value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

F- 3 

ARAX
HOLDINGS CORP. 

 STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended October 31, 2022 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Administrative expenses 

Administrative expenses -related party 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense 

Other (expense) net 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

F- 4 

ARAX
HOLDINGS CORP 

STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 
 Capital 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 

Value 

Shares 

Value 

Balance, October 31, 2019 

Net loss 

Balance, October 31, 2020 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock 

Common
 Stock 

Paid-in 
 Capital 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Shares 

Value 

Shares 

Value 

Balance, October 31, 2020 

Issuance of preferred stock and forgiveness of debt treated as a capital contribution 

Forgiveness of debt treated as a capital contribution 

Net loss 

Balance, October 31, 2021 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock 

Common
 Stock 

Paid-in 
 Capital 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Shares 

Value 

Shares 

Value 

Balance,
 October 31, 2021 

() 

) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance,
 October 31, 2022 

() 

() 

F- 5 

ARAX
HOLDINGS CORP 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended October 31, 2022 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Expenses paid by related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accrued expenses 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related party notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Related party debt settled with preferred stock 

Forgiveness of related party debt credited to paid in capital 

F- 6 

ARAX
HOLDINGS CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

on with a business plan to sell hot dogs from mobile hot dog stands throughout the
major cities in Mexico. As of the filing of the 10K for 2016, the Company stated that it was re-evaluating its business plan. 

It
was further indicated as possible that a new business model could be related to a new business sector other than the food sector,
and that any new business model could entail a capital restructuring of the Company in order to provide new capital and a broader
base of shareholders. Such a capital restructuring of the Company could involve a merger or acquisition of assets through various
techniques, including a possible reverse-merger. On October 31, 2016 management believed that the best business model for our
investors is to pursue business activity in the Life Sciences sector of the United States and possibly internationally. 

The
Company had been dormant from September 28, 2017 to October 31, 2020. 

On
December 30, 2020, as a result of a custodianship in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-20-825346-B, Custodian Ventures LLC Custodian was appointed custodian of the Company. On the same date, Custodian appointed David Lazar as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

On
June 24, 2021, as a result of a private transaction, shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share
(the Shares of Arax Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), were transferred from Custodian
Ventures, LLC to Michael Pieter Loubser (the Purchaser ). As a result, the Purchaser became an approximately 
holder of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company on a fully-diluted basis of the Company,
and became the controlling shareholder. In connection with the transaction, David Lazar released the Company from all debts owed
to him and/or Custodian Ventures, LLC. 

On
June 24, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an
officer, ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and
a Director. At the effective date of the transfer, Michael Pieter Loubser consented to act as the new Chairman of the Board of
Directors of the Company, Ockert Cornelius Loubser consented to act as the new Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Rastislav
Va i ka consented to act as the new Chief Information Officer of the Company. 

On August
31st, 2021, the Company appointed Christopher D. Strachan as its Chief Financial Officer. The Company began a transition into
a software and technology holding company, negotiating agreements with various technology companies in Europe to acquire some
of their related assets. The Company has removed the shell status and has commenced operations. As of the date of this Report,
our management has had discussions with representatives of many other entity regarding a potential business combination. These
negotiations have led the Company to enter into a Binding Letter of Intent and Deal Terms for the acquisition of certain IP and
technologies together with some liabilities for the purpose of expanding operations and bringing further value to shareholders 

The Company has no employment contracts
with any of its officers. 

COVID-19 

On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared the Covid-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic. In addition to the devastating effects on human life,
the pandemic is having a negative ripple effect on the global economy, leading to disruptions and volatility in the global financial
markets. Most US states and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the further spread of the disease. 

Covid-19 and the U.S s response to
the pandemic are significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance as to the effect the
Covid-19 pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. We
do not yet know the full extent of the effects on the economy, the markets we serve, our business, or our operations. 

and an accumulated deficit of . 

Because the Company does not expect that
existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional funds and is currently
exploring alternative sources of financing. The Company is currently being funded by a company related to Michael Pieter Loubser.
The Company will be required to continue to rely on this entity until its operations become profitable. 

cash equivalents. 

and shares issuable upon the conversion of preferred stock that were
not included in the computation of dilutive loss per share because their inclusion is antidilutive for the years ended October
31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

shares
of par value, common stock. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021 there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred Stock 

On March 31, 2021 the Company took a corporate
action and authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value of . These shares which are convertible
into common stock on a basis, were awarded to Custodian Ventures managed by David Lazar in recognition of importance of
Mr. Lazar s experience and expertise in devising a strategic plan to enable the Company to become a viable operating entity,
and the fact that Mr. Lazar has provided the Company with its only source of liquidity via interest-free loans. These shares of
Series A Preferred Stock in return for a reduction of on Mr. Lazar s loan of due from the Company. 

Due to the thinly traded nature of the
Company s stock and its status as a shell , the Company used the par value of the common stock which was determined
to be to value this issuance and recorded for repayment of the loan and as share-based compensation in
the Company s Statements of Operations. 

On June 24, 2021, as a result of a private
transaction, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock were transferred from Custodian Ventures, LLC to Michael Pieter
Loubser. 

No transactions were recorded for the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022 

Liquidation Preference 

In the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock
or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the price per share
actually paid to the Corporation upon the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock (each, the the Original Issue
Price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. Unless the Corporation
can establish a different Original Issue Price in connection with a particular sale of Series A Preferred Stock, the Original Issue
Price shall be 0.001per share for the Series A Preferred Stock. If, upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient
to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, subject to the rights of any existing series
of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series Arax Holdings Corp. Pursuant to Section 78.1955 of the Nevada Revised Statutes 

SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK. 

On behalf of Arax Holdings Corp., a Nevada
corporation (the Corporation ), the undersigned hereby certifies that the following resolution has been duly adopted
by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board ): RESOLVED, that, pursuant to the authority granted to and
vested in the Board by the provisions of the articles of incorporation of the Corporation (the Articles of Incorporation ),
there hereby is created, out of the Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Corporation
authorized by the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation Preferred Stock ), Series A Preferred Stock, consisting
of Ten Million (10,000,000) shares, which series shall have the following powers, designations, preferences and relative participating,
optional and other special rights, and the following qualifications, limitations and restrictions: of Preferred Stock which may
from time to time hereafter come into existence, the entire assets and funds of the corporation legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the each series of Preferred Stock in proportion to the preferential amount each
such holder is otherwise entitled to receive. 

(b) Upon the completion of the distribution
required by Section 2(a) above and any other distribution that may be required with respect to the rights of any existing series
of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence,
if assets remain in the Corporation, the remaining assets shall be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock until such time
as the holders of the Common stock shall have received a return of the capital originally contributed thereby. Thereafter, if assets
remain in the Corporation, all remaining assets shall be distributed to all holders of Common Stock and to each series of Preferred
Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock
into Common Stock). 

(c) For purposes of this Section 2, a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (i) the acquisition of the Corporation
by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization,
merger or consolidation, but excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation);
or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, unless the Corporation s stockholders of record
as constituted immediately prior to such acquisition or sale will, immediately after such acquisition or sale (by virtue of securities
issued as consideration for the Corporation s acquisition or sale or otherwise) hold at least fifty percent (50 of the
voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity in approximately the same relative percentages after such acquisition or sale
as before such acquisition or sale. 

(d) In any of the events specified in (c)
above, if the consideration received by the corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any
securities shall be valued as follows: 

(i) Securities not subject to investment
letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability: 

(A) If traded on a securities exchange,
the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange over the thirty-day period
ending three (3) days prior to the closing; 

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter,
the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty-day period
ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and 

(C) If there is no active public market,
the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. 

(ii) The method of valuation of securities
subject to investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a
stockholder s status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market value
determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the
Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. 

(iii) In the event the requirements of
Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either: 

(A) cause such closing to be postponed
until such time as the requirements of this Section 2 have been complied with; or 

(B) cancel such transaction, in which event
the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights,
preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in Section 2(c)(iv) hereof. 

(iv) The Corporation shall give each holder
of record of Series A Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not later than twenty (20) days prior to the
stockholders meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever
is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices
shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this Section 2, and the corporation
shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. The transaction shall in no event take place sooner than
twenty (20) days after the corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the corporation
has given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that time periods set forth in this paragraph
may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or
similar notice rights and that represent at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Series
A Preferred Stock. 

in interest-free demand loans to the Company. As of April 30, 2021, the total amount due to Mr. Lazar amounted
to . On June 24, 2021, in connection with the change of control transaction described in Note 1, Mr. Lazar forgave this amount,
which has been credited to paid in capital. 

F- 12 

to the Company as of October 31, 2022. These funds were used to pay corporate expenses
of the Company, and the payments were made directly to the vendors by this entity. 

F- 13 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial
officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of October 31,
2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to its limited staff and limited resources. 

The Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

The Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

6 

All of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. 

We plan to rectify these weaknesses by
implementing an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial
reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger or similar business acquisition. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting during the year ended October 31, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

7 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names
and positions of our executive officers and directors. Directors will be elected at our annual meeting of stockholders and serve
for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify. Officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are,
except to the extent governed by employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Michael Pieter Loubser 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Ockert Cornelius Loubser 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Christopher D. Strachan 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Rastislav Va i ka 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 

Michael Pieter Loubser joined
the Company as Chairman of the Board of Directors on June 24, 2021. With over 30 years experience in the digital transaction
and data facilitation industry, Mr. Loubser is a seasoned Blockchain implementation advisor and Industrial Consultant, who has
been instrumental in the set-up of 76 factories and improving workflow processes in many organizations worldwide. Mr. Loubser is
co-founder and chairman of Core Decentralized Technologies, founded in [insert details] and based in Bratislava, Slovakia. Core
develops and sells blockchain-based software and technology, mesh network communication solutions, and enterprise blockchain-based
software products. Mr Loubser also is COO of GTIFin s.r.o. which he co-founded in 2012 in Bratislava, Slovakia to invest mainly
in the development of high-tech solutions providers and use-case projects built on blockchain-based architecture. 

Ockert Cornelius Loubser joined
the Company as Chief Executive Officer on June 24, 2021. Mr. Loubser is a seasoned serial entrepreneur and tech-savvy business
developer and has over 18 years of commercial expertise as a pioneering businessman. Since 2003, he established multiple ventures,
all still in operations to this day. He co-founded Core Decentralized Technologies and has been the Chief Executive Officer of
since 2014. He is also Chief Executive Officer of Wall Money since 2014, Chief Executive Officer of CorePay since 2014, Chief Executive
Officer of Ting since 2014, Chief Executive Officer of TokToKey since 2012, Chief Executive Officer of PingExchange since 2014,
Chief Executive Officer of Core Group since 2014, and CEO of Wall it since 2003. Ockert Loubser is the Co-Founder of GTIFin s.r.o.
and has been with them since 2012. He is also the Chief Manager at CCnews24, and has been since 2018. 

Christopher Strachan joined
the Company as Chief Financial Officer on August 31, 2021. Mr. Strachan is an accomplished professional with thirty years of experience
in corporate operations, marketing, securities and finance, and twenty years of experience in executive management. For the past
five years, Mr. Strachan has served as chief financial officer of Diego Pellicer Worldwide, Inc. and has been a director of Diego
since October 2019. Diego is a real estate and a consumer retail development company that is focused on high quality recurring
revenues resulting from leasing real estate to licensed cannabis operators, and the management of operations for these and other
third party cannabis operators deriving income from management and royalty fees. Mr. Strachan has also served as the President
of Helisports LLC, a business development consulting company. In addition, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Rhodes Architectural
Stone from 2011 to 2012, Director of Marketing and Sales of Glasair Aviation from 2012 to 2014 and Director of Flight Operations
and R D at RotorWay Helicopters from 2009 to 2011. 

Rastislav Va i ka joined
the Company as Chief Information Officer on June 24, 2021. Mr. Va i ka has been the Chief Information Officer of Decentralized
Software Solutions Platform since 2019. Rastislav has been the Chief Information Officer of Core Group since 2017, the Chief Information
Officer of ping exchange since 2018, the Founder of CRYPTO HUB since 2018, the Managing Editor at CCnews24 since Jan 2018,
CIO of Wall it since 2016, and Co-founder of Webhosting Blockchain services since 2010. 

8 

Election of Directors and Officers 

Directors are elected to serve until the
next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve
until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and
qualified. 

Audit Committee 

We do not have any committees of the Board
as we only have four directors. 

Director Independence 

We do not currently have any independent
directors. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2) of the
Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

Board Leadership Structure 

We have chosen to combine the Chief Executive
Officer and Board Chairman. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has not adopted a Code of Ethics
due to the Company s size and lack of employees. As of the date of this Report, our sole director is also our Chief Executive
Officer. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
the Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s Common Stock to file
initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership of the Company s Common Stock with the SEC. These individuals are required
by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies
of the forms furnished to us none of Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s
Common Stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

9 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table Fiscal
Years Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table sets forth information
concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities
during the noted periods. No other executive officers received total annual salary and bonus compensation in excess of 100,000. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal 
Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus 
 Option 
Awards 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 Total ) 
 
 Ockert Cornelius Loubser CEO (1) 
 2022 

2021 

Christopher Strachan - CFO (2) 
 2022 

75,000 (3) 
 75,000 

2021 

(1) 
 Ockert Cornelius has served as CEO since June 24, 2021. 

(2) 
 Christopher Strachan has served as CFO since August 31, 2021. 

(3) 
 Represents the deferred compensation of 75,000. 

Named Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

None. 

Termination Provisions 

As of the date of this Report, we have
no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to a Named Executive Officer
at, following, or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance, retirement or a constructive
termination of a Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the Named Executive Officer s
responsibilities, with respect to each Named Executive Officer. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year End 

As of October 31, 2022 none of our Named
Executive Officers held any unexercised options, stock that have not vested, or other equity incentive plan awards. 

Director Compensation 

To date, we have not paid our director
any compensation for services on our Board. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The Company does not have any securities
authorized for issuance or outstanding under an equity compensation plan or equity compensation grants made outside of such a plan. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table provides the names
and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock as of January 20, 2023 and
by the officers and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the
shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

10 

Name of Beneficial Owner and Address (1) 
 Amount and Nature of
 Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 Percent of 
Common Stock
 (2) 
 
 Michael Pieter Loubser 
 100,000,000 (3) 
 90.6 
 
 Ockert Cornelius Loubser 

Christopher D. Strachan 

Rastislav Va i ka 

All directors and officers as a group (4 people) 
 100,000,000 
 90.6 
 
 5 Shareholders 

Thru Pharma, LLC (4) 
 8,000,000 
 77.4 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o 30 North Gould Street, Sheridan, WY 82801. 

(2) 
 Based on 10,335,294 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of January 17, 2023. 

(3) 
 Includes 100,000,000 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of our Series A preferred stock. 

(4) 
 2329 N. Career Avenue, Suite 317, Sioux Falls, South Dakota 57107 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended
October 31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed or expect to be billed approximately 32,700 and 23,000, respectively, for professional
services rendered for the audit and quarterly reviews of our financial statements by BF Borgers CPA , respectively. 

11 

Audit Related Fees 

There were no fees for audit related services
rendered by our independent auditors for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

For our fiscal years ended October 31,
2022 and 2021, there were no fees for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice,
and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

For our fiscal years ended October 31,
2022 and 2021, there were no other fees incurred. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Given the small size of our Board as well
as the limited activities of our Company, our Board acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all audit and permissible
non-audit services. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Our Board
approves these services on a case-by-case basis. 

12 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

13 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ARAX HOLDINGS CORP. 

Dated: February 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ockert Loubser 

Ockert Loubser 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Ockert Loubser 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Ockert Loubser 

/s/ Christopher D. Strachan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Christopher D. Strachan 

/s/ Michael Loubser 
 
 Chairman 
 
 February 9, 2023 
 
 Michael Loubser 

14 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 g083369_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

I, Ockert Loubser, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Arax Holdings Corp, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 9, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ockert Loubser 

Ockert Loubser 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 g083369_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

I, Christopher D. Strachan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Arax Holdings Corp, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 9,
 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Christopher D. Strachan 

Christopher
 D. Strachan 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 g083369_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of
Arax Holdings Corp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ockert Loubser, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The annual report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

2. 
 The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Ockert Loubser 

Ockert Loubser 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: February 9, 2023 

In connection with the annual report of
Arax Holdings Corp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Christopher D. Strachan, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The annual report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

2. 
 The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Christopher D. Strachan 

Christopher D. Strachan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: February 9, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 arat-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 arat-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 arat-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 arat-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

