<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230321_10-K_edgar_data_1515139_0001493152-23-008326.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7430428</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>259668</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1416397</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2572173</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1401296</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1614119</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008326.hdr.sgml : 20230321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230321090036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008326
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			METAWORKS PLATFORMS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001515139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				273098487
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55049
		FILM NUMBER:		23747946

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3250 OAKLAND HILLS COURT
		CITY:			FAIRFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94534
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-570-9446

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3250 OAKLAND HILLS COURT
		CITY:			FAIRFIELD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94534

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CurrencyWorks Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190905

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ICOX INNOVATIONS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AppCoin Innovations Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008326.txt : 20230321

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________________to __________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 

. 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Nil 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act 

Common
Stock 
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

based on a price of 0.07 per share multiplied by 74,996,634 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates. 

(APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of
March 17, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Not applicable. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 16 

PART II 
 17 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 17 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 17 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 18 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 20 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 21 

PART III 
 22 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 22 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 25 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 31 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 32 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 33 

PART IV 
 33 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 33 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 38 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic
performance or management s plans and objectives for future operations. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of terminology such as may , should , expect , plan , anticipate ,
 believe , estimate , predict , potential or continues or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology. Examples of forward-looking statements made in this annual report include or may include,
among others, statements about: 

our
 proposed plan of operations; 

our
 financial and operating objectives and strategies to achieve them; 

the
 costs and timing of our services; 

our
 use of available funds; 

our
 capital and funding requirements; and 

our
 other financial or operating performances. 

The
material assumptions supporting these forward-looking statements include, among other things: 

our
 future growth potential, results of operations, future prospects and opportunities; 

execution
 of our business strategy; 

there
 being no material variations in current regulatory environments; 

our
 operating expenses, including general and administrative expenses; 

our
 ability to obtain any necessary financing on acceptable terms; 

timing
 and amount of capital expenditures; 

retention
 of skilled personnel; 

continuation
 of current tax and regulatory regimes; and 

general
 economic and financial market conditions. 

Although
management considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to it, they may prove to be incorrect. 

These
forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including: 

inability
 to efficiently manage our operations; 

general
 economic and business conditions; 

our
 negative operating cash flow; 

our
 ability to obtain additional financing; 

our
 ability to collect outstanding loans; 

increases
 in capital and operating costs; 

general
 cryptocurrency risks; 

technological
 changes and developments in the blockchain and cryptocurrencies; 

risks
 relating to regulatory changes or actions; 

competition
 for blockchain platforms and technologies; and 

other
 factors discussed under the section entitled Risk Factors , 

any
of which may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Further, although we have attempted
to identify factors that could cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those
described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. 

3 

While
these forward-looking statements and any assumptions upon which they are based are made in good faith and reflect management s
current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results may vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions,
projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and Canada, we do not intend to
update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. All forward-looking statements in this annual
report are qualified by this cautionary statement. 

All
financial information contained herein is shown in United States dollars unless otherwise stated. Our financial statements are prepared
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Unless otherwise stated, refers to United
States dollars. 

In
this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all references to shares refer to shares of common stock in the capital
of our company. 

As
used in this annual report, the terms we , us , the Company , our and MetaWorks 
mean MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, CurrencyWorks USA Inc., and its majority-owned subsidiaries EnderbyWorks
LLC, and Motoclub LLC, unless otherwise specified. 

Corporate
Overview 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on July 20, 2010. 

We
have three subsidiaries CurrencyWorks USA Inc., EnderbyWorks LLC, and Motoclub LLC. We have 100 ownership of CurrencyWorks USA Inc.,
51 ownership of EnderbyWorks LLC, and 80 ownership of Motoclub LLC. 

General
Development of Business 

MetaWorks
aims to build and operate a full-service blockchain platform for Non Fungible Tokens (NFTs), digital currencies, digital assets and security
tokens. 

Since
2017, our services and development business provide a turnkey set of services for companies to develop and integrate blockchain and payment
technologies into their business operations. We intend to offer Fintech (financial technology) services and infrastructure offerings
in key categories, including: digital currencies; digital assets including Non Fungible Tokens (NFTs); and, digital securities. 

We
anticipate that we will enable companies to digitize, sell and manage new or existing asset classes on blockchain infrastructure, transact
in digital/ cryptocurrencies (Payments, Rewards and Credit infrastructure), issue or create digital/crypto assets and/or manage their
digital/crypto assets (Non Fungible Tokens, Fungible Cold Storage, Mining). 

Our
core revenue streams are expected to remain as consulting revenues and transaction fees. We may also earn equity stakes as payment for
our services, to the extent permitted under applicable law. 

MetaWorks
has developed expertise in a number of key areas of the digital ecosystem and we plan to build on these initiatives to drive our growth,
including: 

Non
Fungible Tokens 

Our
 work with Topps Inc on NFTs for Garbage Pail Kids has positioned MetaWorks for further growth in the fast-growing NFT market. 

Our
 work launching the award winning Vuele.io NFT platform for feature movies sector 

Our
 work launching the MusicFX.io NFT platform for the music sector 

Our
 work launching Motoclub.io NFT platform for the collector car sector 

Movie Distribution 

Purchasing of movie rights and exploring digital distributions both domestically and internationally 

4 

Mergers
 Acquisitions: 

In
the next year we will continue to explore synergistic and opportunistic M A initiatives, including but not limited to the areas of NFTs, Fungible Cold Storage, Mining, Payments and, Trading infrastructure. 

Description
of Business 

Overview 

Our
business builds and operates FinTech Platforms-as-a-Service for digital currencies, digital securities tokens and digital assets. We
anticipate that we will enable companies to digitise, sell and manage new or existing asset classes on blockchain infrastructure, transact
in digital/cryptocurrencies (Payments, Rewards and Credit infrastructure), issue or create digital/crypto assets and/or manage their
digital/crypto assets (NFTs, Fungible Cold Storage, Mining). 

FinTech:
Financial Technology 

Fintech
encompasses innovative technologies and infrastructure for the financial sector including sectors such as payments, banking, trading,
funds and eCommerce. 

Blockchain
Technology 

Blockchain
is a continuously growing list of records called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography. Each block contains typically
a hash pointer as a link to a previous block, a timestamp and transaction data. By design, blockchains are inherently resistant to modification
of the data. Functionally, a blockchain can serve as an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently
and in a verifiable and permanent way. For use as a distributed ledger, a blockchain is typically managed by a peer-to-peer network collectively
adhering to a protocol for validating new blocks. Once recorded, the data in any given block cannot be altered retroactively without
the alteration of all subsequent blocks and a collusion of the network majority. Blockchains are secure by design and are an example
of a distributed computing system and decentralization can be achieved with a blockchain. This makes blockchains potentially suitable
for the recording of events, medical records and other record management activities, such as identity management, documenting provenance,
digital asset registration and transaction processing. 

Principal
Services 

We
plan to generate revenue through the creation, development and management of fintech platforms for companies by: 

1. 
 Business
 Development and Technical Services 

Earning
 fees for consulting and development services; 

Earning
 fees for business development, program management and strategic planning; 

Licensing
 fees on fintech platforms; 

Transactions
 fees; and 

Earned
 equity stakes in projects. 

5 

2. 
 Blockchain
 and Technology Program Management 

Product
 vision and road-mapping; 

Program
 development and project management; and 

Product
 development and testing. 

3. 
 Customer
 Development 

Customer
 discovery and scoping (not including any distribution or marketing related services, or assistance regarding the offer or sale of
 any tokens or coins); and 

Product
 commercialization and support. 

4. 
 Business
 Launch Services 

Public
 relations, business development plans and strategies maximizing physical and digital outreach (not including any distribution or
 marketing related services, or assistance regarding the offer or sale of any tokens or coins); 

Initial
 community development management strategy; and 

Establish
 digital/social media strategy and presence; 

5. 
 Post-Business
 Launch Support Services 

Public
 relations to support (not including any distribution or marketing related services, or assistance regarding the offer or sale of
 any tokens or coins); 

Community
 development and management; and 

General
 support. 

We
do not intend to find or make referrals to, or otherwise solicit, or assist in any way in the solicitation of, investors for investment
in any of our clients coin offerings, act as a placement agent for the sale of our clients coins, or otherwise engage in
any activity that would require us to register under Section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or similar provisions under
state law. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
intend to implement our sales and marketing plan to attract new clients to our fintech-as-a-service and consulting business as follows: 

Direct
 sales pipeline development and management with management signing and managing qualified business prospects; 

Maintain
 an online presence through our website and social media channels by utilizing video, written content and social implementations to
 create awareness; 

Speaking
 engagements at industry conferences; 

Networking
 within our established channels; 

Direct
 sales channel management programs including both inbound and outbound programs and client referrals; and 

Public
 relations campaigns. 

Competition 

We
are in a novel business of providing services for companies to develop and integrate blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies into
their business operations. We compete with the following competitors: 

ConsenSys 

ConsenSys
is a venture production studio building decentralized applications and various developer and end-user tools for blockchain ecosystems,
primarily focused on Ethereum. The ConsenSys hub coordinates, incubates, accelerates and spawns spoke ventures
through development, resource sharing, acquisitions, investments and the formation of joint ventures. These spokes benefit from foundational
components built by ConsenSys that enable new services and business models to be built on the blockchain. In addition to the development
of internal projects and consulting work, ConsenSys is engaged in the identification, development and acquisition of talent and projects
on an ongoing basis. 

6 

IBM 

With
thousands of technical experts, IBM is moving quickly into enterprise blockchain and claims the leading blockchain for business platform.
This is primarily B2B focused work. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors may have greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, larger customer bases and, significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on product
development, marketing and distribution. This advantage could enable our competitors to acquire larger market share and develop and offer
more competitive products and services. Such competition could adversely impact our ability to attain the financing necessary for us
to develop our business plan. In the face of competition, we may not be successful in sufficient market share to make our business profitable. 

Many
 of the large management consultancy firms are developing blockchain-specific practice areas including Accenture, Deloitte and Bain. 

Intellectual
Property and Technology 

We
do not currently own any intellectual property. We intend to aggressively assert our rights under trade secret, patents, trademark and
copyright laws to protect any intellectual property that we create, including product design, product research and concepts and recognized
trademarks. These rights may be protected through the acquisition of patents and trademark registrations, the maintenance of trade secrets,
the development of trade dress, and, where appropriate, litigation against those who are, in our opinion, infringing these rights. 

We
may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our
proprietary rights. In addition, while we are not aware that our services or proprietary rights infringe the proprietary rights of third
parties, we may receive notices from third parties asserting that we have infringed their patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual
property rights. Any such claims could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause service stoppages or lead us to enter into
royalty or licensing agreements rather than disputing the merits of such claims. An adverse outcome in litigation or similar proceedings
could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require expenditure of significant resources to develop non-infringing
technology, require disputed rights to be licensed from others, or require us to cease operating our business, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

As
we are still in the early stages of developing our business, we have devoted no substantial efforts to research and development within
the last three fiscal years. 

Government
Regulation 

Current
and future legislation and rulemaking and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory authority,
may impact the manner in which bitcoins or other cryptocurrency is viewed or treated for classification and clearing purposes. In particular,
bitcoins and other cryptocurrency may not be excluded from the definition of security by regulatory rulemaking or interpretation
requiring registration of all transactions, unless an exemption is available, including transacting in bitcoin or cryptocurrency amongst
owners, and require registration of trading platforms as exchanges such as Coinsquare. We cannot be certain as to how future
regulatory developments will impact the treatment of bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies under the law. If we determine not to comply
with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations or be subjected to fines,
penalties and other governmental action. Any such action may adversely affect an investment in us. Such circumstances would have a material
adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account
and harm investors. 

We
intend to comply with any applicable anti-money laundering or know your customer rules relating to tokens imposed by the SEC and Canadian
securities regulators. 

Investment
Company Act of 1940 Considerations 

We
intend to conduct our operations so that we do not fall within, or are excluded from the definition of an investment company 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

7 

Under
Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is, or
holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in
securities. We believe that we will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of
1940 because we will not engage primarily or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting
or trading in securities. Rather, our new business is a services and development business that provides a turnkey set of services for
companies to develop and integrate blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies into their business operations. 

Under
Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is engaged,
or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire
 investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of our company s total assets (exclusive of U.S.
Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40 test. We intend to monitor
our holdings and conduct operations so that on an unconsolidated basis we will comply with the 40 test. Nevertheless, because we may
accept tokens, coins or equity in payment for our services, to the extent permitted under applicable law, we may acquire investment
securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of our company s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. In that case, we intend to rely on a safe harbor exemption from the Investment Company Act
of 1940 for so-called transient investment companies. 

Consistent
with the transient investment company safe harbor, we will have to reduce our holdings of investment securities
to not more than 40 of our total assets as soon as is reasonably possible and in any event within one year from the earlier of (i) the
date on which we own securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50 of the value of our company s total assets on either a
consolidated or unconsolidated basis or (ii) the date on which we own or propose to acquire investment securities having
a value exceeding 40 of the value of our company s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an
unconsolidated basis. This reduction could be attempted in a number of ways, including the disposition of securities and the acquisition
of other assets that would not constitute investment securities for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940. If we are required
to sell securities, we may sell them sooner than we otherwise would, the sales may be at depressed prices, and we may never realize anticipated
benefits from, or may incur losses on, those investments. We may not be able to sell some investments due to contractual or legal restrictions
or the inability to locate a suitable buyer. We may also incur tax liabilities when we sell our assets. If we decide to try to acquire
additional assets that would not constitute investment securities, we may not be able to identify and acquire suitable assets. If these
steps do not achieve a sufficient reduction in our holdings of investment securities within the prescribed period, we will be forced
to liquidate some of our securities holdings and invest the proceeds in U.S. government securities and cash items, with a potential loss. 

Because
we can rely on the transient investment company safe harbor only once during any three-year period, we may not accept tokens,
coins or equity in payment for our services during the period that this safe harbor is not available. 

If
we become obligated to register our company as an investment company, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 imposing, among other things: 

limitations
 on capital structure; 

restrictions
 on specified investments; 

prohibitions
 on transactions with affiliates; and 

compliance
 with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations. 

If
we were required to register our company as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business,
and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required
enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business, all of which would have a material
adverse effect on us. 

Employees 

As
at March 17, 2023, we have two executive officers, Scott Gallagher, who is our president, and Swapan Kakumanu, who is our chief financial
officer, secretary, and treasurer and no employees. Our management oversees all responsibilities in the areas of corporate administration,
business development, and research. We also employ consultants on an as-needed-basis to provide specific expertise in areas of product
design and development and other business functions including marketing and accounting. We intend to expand our current management to
retain skilled directors, officers, and employees with experience relevant to our business focus. 

8 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties
in addition to other information in this annual report in evaluating our company and our business before purchasing our securities. Our
business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed as a result of the occurrence of any of the following risks.
You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. You should invest in our common stock only if you can afford
to lose your entire investment. 

General
Cryptocurrency Risks 

Cryptocurrency
exchanges and other trading venues are relatively new and, in most cases, largely unregulated and may therefore be subject to fraud and
failures. 

When
cryptocurrency exchanges or other trading venues are involved in fraud or experience security failures or other operational issues, such
events could result in a reduction in cryptocurrency prices or confidence and impact our success and have a material adverse effect on
our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects and operations. 

Cryptocurrency
market prices depend, directly or indirectly, on the prices set on exchanges and other trading venues, which are new and, in most cases,
largely unregulated as compared to established, regulated exchanges for securities, commodities or currencies. For example, during the
past three years, a number of bitcoin exchanges have closed due to fraud, business failure or security breaches. In many of these instances,
the customers of the closed exchanges were not compensated or made whole for partial or complete losses of their account balances. While
smaller exchanges are less likely to have the infrastructure and capitalization that may provide larger exchanges with some stability,
larger exchanges may be more likely to be appealing targets for hackers and malware (i.e., software used or programmed
by attackers to disrupt computer operation, gather sensitive information or gain access to private computer systems) and may be more
likely to be targets of regulatory enforcement action. We do not maintain any insurance to protect from such risks, and do not expect
any insurance for customer accounts to be available (such as federal deposit insurance) at any time in the future, putting customer accounts
at risk from such events. In the event we face fraud, security failures, operational issues or similar events such factors would have
a material adverse effect on our ability of to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects and operations. 

Regulatory
changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrencies in a manner that adversely affects
our business, prospects or operations. 

As
cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies,
with certain governments deeming them illegal while others have allowed their use and trade. 

Governments
may in the future regulate, curtail or outlaw the ability for acquisition, use or redemption of cryptocurrencies. Ownership of,
holding or trading in cryptocurrencies may then be considered illegal and subject to sanction. Governments may also take regulatory
action that may increase the cost and/or subject cryptocurrency companies to additional regulation. Similar actions by governments or regulatory bodies could result in restriction of the acquisition, ownership, holding,
selling, use or trading in our securities. The effect of any future
regulatory change on our business or any cryptocurrency that may impact our business is impossible to predict, but such change could
be substantial and would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and operations. 

On-going
and future regulatory actions and regulatory change related to our business or cryptocurrencies, may impact our ability to continue to
operate and such actions could affect our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a
material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations. 

9 

The
development and acceptance of cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the issuance of and transactions in cryptocurrencies
is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. 

The
use of cryptocurrencies to, among other things, buy and sell goods and services and complete transactions, is part of a new and rapidly
evolving industry that employs digital assets based upon a computer-generated mathematical and/or cryptographic protocol. The growth
of this industry in general, and the use of cryptocurrencies in particular, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and the slowing
or stopping of the development or acceptance of developing protocols may occur and is unpredictable. The factors include, but are not
limited to: 

Continued
 worldwide growth in the adoption and use of cryptocurrencies; 

Governmental
 and quasi-governmental regulation of cryptocurrencies and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation
 of the network or similar cryptocurrency systems; 

Changes
 in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 

The
 maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the network; 

The
 availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat
 currencies; 

Maintenance and development of crypto systems requires a large draw of power and secure battery back-up systems,
development of these related products has significant environmental impacts that could negatively impact public popularity; 

General
 economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets; and 

Negative
 consumer sentiment and perception of bitcoin specifically and cryptocurrencies generally. 

Such
events would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or
expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors in our securities. 

Banks
and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that provide cryptocurrency-related
services or that accept cryptocurrencies as payment, including financial institutions of investors in our securities. 

A
number of companies that provide bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related services have been unable to find banks or financial institutions
that are willing to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses
associated with cryptocurrencies may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with
financial institutions. We also may be unable to obtain or maintain these services for our business. The difficulty that many businesses
that provide bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related services have and may continue to have in finding banks and financial institutions
willing to provide them services may be decreasing the usefulness of cryptocurrencies as a payment system and harming public perception
of cryptocurrencies and could decrease its usefulness and harm its public perception in the future. Similarly, the usefulness of cryptocurrencies
as a payment system and the public perception of cryptocurrencies could be damaged if banks or financial institutions were to close the
accounts of businesses providing bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related services. This could occur as a result of compliance risk,
cost, government regulation or public pressure. The risk applies to securities firms, clearance and settlement firms, national stock
and commodities exchanges, the over the counter market and the Depository Trust Company, which, if any of such entities adopts or implements
similar policies, rules or regulations, could result in the inability of our investors to open or maintain stock or commodities accounts,
including the ability to deposit, maintain or trade our securities. Such factors would have a material adverse effect on our ability
to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations and harm investors. 

The
impact of geopolitical events on the supply and demand for cryptocurrencies is uncertain. 

Crises
may motivate large-scale purchases of cryptocurrencies which could increase the price of cryptocurrencies rapidly. This may increase
the likelihood of a subsequent price decrease as crisis-driven purchasing behavior wanes, adversely affecting the value of any cryptocurrencies
we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. Such risks are similar to the risks of purchasing commodities in general uncertain
times, such as the risk of purchasing, holding or selling gold. 

10 

As
an alternative to gold or fiat currencies that are backed by central governments, cryptocurrencies, which are relatively new, are subject
to supply and demand forces. How such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events is uncertain but could be harmful to
us and investors in our securities. Nevertheless, political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of cryptocurrencies
either globally or locally. Such events would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue
this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of
any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 

Acceptance
and/or widespread use of cryptocurrency is uncertain. 

Currently,
there is a relatively small use of bitcoins and/or other cryptocurrencies in the retail and commercial marketplace for goods or services.
In comparison there is relatively large use by speculators contributing to price volatility. 

The
relative lack of acceptance of cryptocurrencies in the retail and commercial marketplace limits the ability of end-users to use them
to pay for goods and services. Such lack of acceptance or decline in acceptances would have a material adverse effect on our ability
to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 

Political
or economic crises may motivate large-scale sales of Bitcoins and Ethereum, or other cryptocurrencies, which could result in a reduction
in value and adversely affect us. 

There
was much volatility in the digital assets industry during 2022 and 2021. During 2022 there was the collapse of FTX, a major exchange,
which led the crypto market cap to decline by billions of U.S. dollars in only a few days. 
Large-scale sales of bitcoins and Ethereum or other cryptocurrencies would result in a reduction in their value and could adversely affect
us. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at
all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies
we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

It
may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use Bitcoin, Ethereum, or other cryptocurrencies, participate in
the blockchain or utilize similar digital assets in one or more countries, the ruling of which would adversely affect us. 

Although
currently bitcoins, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies, blockchain and digital assets generally are not regulated or are lightly
regulated in most countries, including the United States, one or more countries such as China and Russia may take regulatory actions
in the future that could severely restrict the right to acquire, own, hold, sell or use these digital assets or to exchange these
digital assets for fiat currency. Such restrictions may adversely affect us. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect
on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account
and harm investors. 

If
regulatory changes or interpretations require the regulation of digital assets under the securities laws of the United
States or elsewhere, including the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Investment Company Act of 1940
or similar laws of other jurisdictions and interpretations by the SEC, CFTC, IRS, Department of Treasury or other agencies or authorities,
we may be required to register and comply with such regulations, including at a state or local level. To the extent that we decide to
continue operations, the required registrations and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary expense or burdens to us.
We may also decide to cease certain operations. Any disruption of our operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances
may be at a time that is disadvantageous to us. 

Current
and future legislation and SEC rulemaking and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory authority,
may impact the manner in which digital assets are viewed or treated for classification and clearing purposes. In particular, digital
assets may not be excluded from the definition of security by SEC rulemaking or interpretation requiring registration of
all transactions, unless another exemption is available, including transacting in digital assets amongst owners and require registration
of trading platforms as exchanges . We cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment
of digital assets s under the law. If we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may
seek to cease certain of our operations or be subjected to fines, penalties and other governmental action. Any such action may adversely
affect an investment in us. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or
to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the
value of any digital assets we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

11 

Lack
of liquid markets, and possible manipulation of blockchain/cryptocurrency-based assets may adversely affect us. 

Digital
assets that are represented and trade on a ledger-based platform may not necessarily benefit from viable trading markets. Stock exchanges
have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring them to be subjected to rigorous listing standards and rules and monitoring investors
transacting on such platform for fraud and other improprieties. These conditions may not necessarily be replicated on a distributed ledger
platform, depending on the platform s controls and other policies. The more lax a distributed ledger platform is about vetting
issuers of digital assets or users that transact on the platform, the higher the potential risk for fraud or the manipulation of digital
assets. These factors may decrease liquidity or volume, or increase volatility of digital securities or other assets trading on a ledger-based
system, which may adversely affect us. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going
concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have an evolving business model. 

As
fintech and blockchain technologies become more widely available, we expect the services and products associated with them to evolve.
As a result, to stay current with the industry, our business model may need to evolve as well. From time to time, we may modify aspects
of our business model relating to our product mix and service offerings. We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications
will be successful or will not result in harm to the business. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our
reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on
our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

The
loss or potential loss of our exclusion from regulation pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Investment Advisors Act of
1940 or any related state exemptions, could require us to restructure our operations. 

The
SEC heavily regulates the manner in which investment companies, investment advisors, and broker-dealers 
are permitted to conduct their business activities. We believe we will conduct our business in a manner that does not result in us being
characterized as an investment company, an investment advisor or a broker-dealer, as we do not believe that we will engage in any of
the activities that require registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 or any similar
provisions under state law. We intend to continue to conduct our business in such manner. If, however, we are deemed to be an investment
company, an investment advisor, or a broker-dealer, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities
may be restricted, which would affect our business to a material degree. The loss or potential loss of our exclusion from regulation
pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 or any related state exemptions, could require us
to restructure our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
we are determined to have engaged in activities that require any such registration, without obtaining such registration, we could be
subject to civil and/or criminal liability, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

Cryptocurrency
inventory, including that maintained by or for us, may be exposed to cybersecurity threats and hacks. 

As
with any computer code generally, flaws in cryptocurrency codes may be exposed by malicious actors. Several errors and defects have been
found previously, including those that disabled some functionality for users and exposed users information. Flaws in and exploitations
of the source code allow malicious actors to take or create money have previously occurred. To date, several hackings have become public
knowledge whereby hackers have exploited security vulnerabilities in computer code used by cryptocurrency exchanges, digital wallets
and companies that hold cryptocurrency to steal the equivalent of hundreds of millions of dollars based on current exchange rates. Such
events would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or
expect to acquire for our own account. 

Competing
fintech and blockchain platforms and technologies may adversely affect our business. 

The
development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies may cause consumers to use alternative distributed ledgers
or an alternative to distributed ledgers altogether. This may adversely affect us and our exposure to various blockchain technologies.
Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies
we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

Competition
in our market could harm our business. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors may have greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, larger customer bases and significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on product
development, marketing and distribution. This advantage could enable our competitors to acquire larger market share and develop and offer
more competitive products and services. Such competition could adversely impact our ability to attain the financing necessary for us
to develop our business plan. In the face of competition, we may not be successful in sufficient market share to make our business profitable. 

The
cryptocurrency assets we may hold may be subject to loss, theft or restriction on access. 

There
is a risk that some or all of the cryptocurrency assets we hold from time to time could be lost or stolen. Access to the cryptocurrency
assets we hold from time to time could also be restricted by cybercrime (such as a denial of service attack) against a service at which
we maintain a hosted online wallet. Any of these events may adversely affect our operations and, consequently, our investments and profitability.
The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital wallets may be irreversible and we may be denied access for all
time to our cryptocurrency holdings. Our loss of access to our private keys or our experience of a data loss relating to our digital
wallets could adversely affect our investments and assets. 

Cryptocurrencies
are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which
they are held, which wallet s public key or address is reflected in the network s public blockchain. We will publish the
public key relating to digital wallets in use when we verify the receipt of transfers and disseminate such information into the network,
but we will need to safeguard the private keys relating to such digital wallets. To the extent such private keys are lost, destroyed
or otherwise compromised, we will be unable to access the cryptocurrency assets we hold from time to time and such private keys will
not be capable of being restored by any network. Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store the cryptocurrency
assets we hold from time to time would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this
segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any
cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 

Incorrect
or fraudulent coin transactions may be irreversible. 

Cryptocurrency
transactions are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred coins may be irretrievable. As a result, any incorrectly executed
or fraudulent coin transactions could adversely affect our investments and assets. 

Coin
transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient of
the transaction. In theory, cryptocurrency transactions may be reversible with the control or consent of a majority of processing power
on the network. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the blockchain, an incorrect transfer of
a coin or a theft of coin generally will not be reversible and we may not be capable of seeking compensation for any such transfer or
theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our coins could be transferred in incorrect
amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Such events would have a material adverse effect on our ability
to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 

13 

There is limited precedence and lack
of authoritative guidance on digital assets. 

Since
there has been limited precedence set for the financial accounting of digital assets, it is unclear how we will be required to account
for digital asset transactions or assets. Furthermore, a change in regulatory or financial accounting standards could result in the necessity
to restate our financial statements. Such a restatement could negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operation. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue this
segment at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any
cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm investors. 

The
current state of capital markets, particularly for small companies, is expected to reduce our ability to obtain the financing necessary
to continue our business. If we cannot raise the funds that we need to operate and expand our new business, we may go out of business
and investors may lose their entire investment in us. 

Like
other smaller companies, we face difficulties in raising capital for our continued operations and to operate and expand our new business.
We may not be able to raise money through the sale of our equity securities or through borrowing funds on terms we find acceptable. 

We
have had negative cash flows from operations and if we are not able to obtain further financing, our business operations may fail. 

We
had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 34,941 and working capital deficit of 562,541 as of December 31, 2022, and cash and
cash equivalents of 567,030 and working deficit of 492,679 as of December 31, 2021. We anticipate that we will require additional
financing while we operate our business. Further, we anticipate that we will not have sufficient capital to fund our ongoing
operations for the next twelve months. We would likely secure any additional financing necessary through a private placement of our
common stock or through debt financing. There can be no assurance that any financing will be available to us, or, even if it is,
if it will be offered on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Our inability to obtain additional financing in a sufficient amount
when needed and upon terms and conditions acceptable to us, could have a material adverse effect upon us. If additional funds are
raised by issuing equity securities, dilution to existing or future stockholders will result. If adequate funds are not available on
acceptable terms when needed, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate the expansion of our new business. 

Our
chief financial officer devotes approximately 50 of his working time to our company. 

Swapan
Kakumanu, our chief financial officer, devotes approximately 50 of his working time, or approximately up to 20 hours per week, to our
company. Because Mr. Kakumanu works only part-time, instances may occur where he may not be immediately available to provide solutions
to problems or address concerns that arise in the course of us conducting our business and thus adversely affect our business. In addition,
Mr. Kakumanu can become subject to conflicts of interest because he devotes part of his working time to other business endeavors, including
consulting relationships with other entities, and have responsibilities to these other entities. Such conflicts include deciding how
much time to devote to our affairs, as well as what business opportunities should be presented to us. Because of these relationships,
Mr. Kakumanu could be subject to conflicts of interest. 

14 

The
directors and officers of our company, including Mr. Kakumanu, are aware of the existence of laws governing the accountability of directors
and officers for corporate opportunity and requiring disclosures by the directors and officers of conflicts of interest, and we will
rely upon such laws in respect of any directors and officers conflicts of interest or in respect of any breaches of duty
by any of our directors and officers. All such conflicts are to be disclosed by such directors or officers in accordance with applicable
laws and the directors and officers are to govern themselves in respect thereof to the best of their ability in accordance with the obligations
imposed upon them by law. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Because
we can issue additional shares of common stock, our stockholders may experience dilution in the future. 

We
are authorized to issue up to 400,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 85,645,066 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding
as of March 17, 2023. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common stock without consent
of our stockholders. Consequently, stockholders may experience dilution in their ownership of our stock in the future. 

If
the outstanding stock options or convertible notes are exercised or converted, then we would be required to issue additional shares of
our common stock, which will result in dilution to our stockholders ownership of our stock. 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return
on their shares unless they sell them. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future
dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, our results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors the board considers relevant. We may never
pay any dividends. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. 

Our
stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock is restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations, which may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Our
stock is a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that
has a market price (as defined in Rule 15g-9) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to
certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor 
refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual
income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC,
which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must
provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account.
The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or
in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation.
In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability
of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability
of our common stock. 

15 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our
stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Risks
related to Covid-19 

Our
business could be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, including the global COVID-19 pandemic. 

On
March 11, 2020, the Coronavirus COVID-19 COVID-19 outbreak was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization.
This has resulted in governments worldwide, including the United States government and the Canadian government, enacting emergency measures
to combat the spread of the virus. These measures include implementation of travel bans, self-imposed quarantine periods and social distancing,
which are causing material disruption to businesses globally, resulting in an economic slowdown. Governments and central banks have reacted
with significant monetary and fiscal interventions designed to stabilize economic conditions. While some of these restrictions are being
lifted in stages, significant economic uncertainties persist which require increased judgment for many of the Company s estimates
and assumptions. 

However,
the ultimate effects of how the outbreak will impact the Company s business in future periods cannot be reasonably estimated at
this time. Management has been closely monitoring its investment portfolios and overall operating results. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any property. Our principal offices are located at 3250 Oakland Hills Court, Fairfield, CA 94534. We believe that our office
premises are suitable and adequate for our present needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
know of no material pending legal proceedings to which our company or subsidiaries is a party or of which any of our properties, or the
properties of our subsidiaries, is the subject. In addition, we do not know of any such proceedings contemplated by any governmental
authorities. 

We
know of no material proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder is
a party adverse to our company or subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our company or subsidiaries. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group and is listed on
the Canadian Securities Exchange under the trading symbol MWRK . 

Trading
in stocks quoted on the OTCQB or the Canadian Securities Exchange is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices
due to many factors that may be unrelated or have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure
you that there will be a market for our common stock in the future. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of March 17, 2023, the 85,645,066 issued and outstanding shares of our common stock were held by a total of 131 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared any dividends since incorporation and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. Our intention
is to retain future earnings, if any, for use in our operations and the expansion of our business. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as at December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding warrants and rights (b) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a + b)) (d) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2017 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 12,730,000 
 19,807,614 
 0.44 
 570,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 N/A 
 Nil 

Total 
 12,730,000 
 19,807,614 
 0.44 
 570,000 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Other
than as disclosed below, since the beginning of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we have not sold any equity securities that
were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 that were not previously reported in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or in a current
report on Form 8-K. 

On
November 8, 2022, we entered into a promissory note agreement to raise 116,760. The promissory note has a discount of 12,510 and fees
of 4,250, resulting in net proceeds of 100,000. The promissory note is unsecured, has a one-time interest charge of 14,011, and matures
on November 8, 2023. The promissory note total of 130,771 (including principal, interest, and fees) will be repaid in ten payments,
each in the amount of 13,077 with the first payment due on December 30, 2022, and nine subsequent payments each month thereafter with
a five-day grace period with respect to each payment. In the event of a default, the promissory note is convertible into shares of our
common stock. In a default situation, the holder of the promissory note has the right to convert all or any part of the unpaid balance
of the promissory note into shares of our common, at a conversion price that is equal to the lowest trading price for the shares of our
common stock during the twenty-five trading days prior to the conversion date. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any
event of default, the promissory note would immediately become due and payable and, if we wish to repay the promissory note in cash,
we will pay an amount equal to 200 of the then outstanding unpaid amounts owed. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

17 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Our
management s discussion and analysis provides a narrative about our financial performance and condition that should be read in
conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in this annual report. This discussion
contains forward looking statements reflecting our current expectations and estimates and assumptions about events and trends that may
affect our future operating results or financial position. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially
from those discussed in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth in
the sections of this annual report titled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements . 

Overview 

Our
business is a services and development business that provides a turnkey set of services for companies to develop and integrate blockchain
and payment technologies into their business operations. We anticipate that we will enable companies to focus on their core competencies
while providing the necessary resources and expertise to execute a strategy that will enable companies to integrate new blockchain plus
payment technologies into their business operations. Our plan is to be compensated on a fee-for-services model, technology licensing
model and reoccurring transactions revenue model. We may accept tokens, coins or equity in payment for our services, to the extent permitted
under applicable law. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue 

We
recognized total revenue of 1,835,773 with 81,023 coming from the sale of NFTs, 504,750 from consulting services, and 1,250,000 from
the sale of movie rights for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 472,435 which is comprised of 336,435 from NFT sales and 136,000
from consulting services for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Operating
Expenses 

We
incurred operating expenses of 5,528,831 and 10,508,073 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing
a decrease of 4,979,242 between the two periods. These expenses consisted primarily of consulting fees, service costs, professional
fees, stock-based compensation, interest and bank charges, and other general and administrative expenses. The decrease in operating
expenses between the year 2022 and 2021 is principally due to a decrease in consulting expenses, professional fees and other general
and administrative expenses. Consulting expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 890,513 and 1,904,868,
respectively, a decrease of 1,014,355, due to the Company reducing and amending vendor consulting agreements for strategic and
project management services. Professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 210,939 and 501,954,
respectively, a decrease of 291,015. Professional fees decreased as a result of decreased legal and consulting services. Project
costs in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1,239,077 and 2,122,899, respectively, a decrease of 883,822. Some
projects requiring these services were scaled back, additionally projects were managed more efficiently to reduce costs. 

Net
Loss from Operations 

We
incurred net losses from operations of 3,693,058 and 10,035,638 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing
a decrease of 6,342,580 primarily attributable to the factors discussed above under the heading Operating Expenses . 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 7,287
of expenses compared to 186,880 of income from interest receivables charged for the year ended December 31, 2021 on notes receivable
to a related party. Other income includes interest revenue on notes receivable of 117,721 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to 24,773 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other expenses include interest expense on notes payable of 6,601 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to 65,499 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in fair value of the derivative liability from
warrants issued and outstanding resulted in a 440,065 gain in 2022 and 13,771,835 loss in 2021. During 2022 the intangible asset was
impaired resulting in a loss of 2,625,000. The distributor s movie sales in 2022 resulted in a loss. Using this recent financial
performance, the Company was unable to project future cash flows based on its percentage earnings of the distributors gross receipts less
certain costs. There was no impairment in 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 there was a loss from a partial write-off of the
investment in sBetOne in the amount of 430,005, compared to no investment write-off during the year ended December 31, 2021 

Net
and Comprehensive Loss 

Net
loss attributable to Metaworks amounts to 6,212,287 and 22,749,050 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing
a decrease of 16,536,763 primarily attributable to the factors discussed above under the headings Operating Expenses and
 Other Income (Expense) . 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working
Capital 

As at December 31, 2022 
 As
at December 31, 2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 1,025,232 
 1,231,820 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 1,587,773 
 1,724,499 
 
 Working Capital (Deficit) 
 (562,541 
 (492,679 

Current
Assets 

Current
assets of 1,025,232 as at December 31, 2022 and 1,231,820 as at December 31, 2021 were comprised of only cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, and prepaid expenses. 

18 

Current
Liabilities 

Current
liabilities on December 31, 2022 amounted to 1,587,773 in accounts payable, accrued expenses, deferred revenue and current notes payable
compared to 1,724,499 on December 31, 2021 which was comprised of accounts payable, accrued expenses and derivatives liabilities. 

Cash
Flow 

Our
cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year
ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (1,222,773 
 (4,763,314 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 - 
 
 (4,250,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 690,684 
 
 9,547,002 
 
 Net changes in cash and cash equivalents 
 (532,089 
 533,688 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 1,222,773 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4,763,314 for the year ended December
31, 2021, resulting in a decrease of 3,540,541 in net cash used. The decrease in net cash used in
operating activities was primarily due to a decreased net loss for the period. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4,250,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021, resulting in a decrease of 4,250,000 in net cash used. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company purchased movie rights for 3,000,000 and issued a note receivable
for 1,250,000. 

Financing
Activities 

Financing
activities provided cash of 690,684 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 9,547,002 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a
decrease of 8,856,318. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the change was principally due to cash proceeds from notes payable
and share issuances. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the change was principally due to cash proceeds from the exercise of
warrants for the issuance of common stock, proceeds from other share issuances, repayments of notes payable, and payments for the share issuance costs. 

Cash
Requirements 

We
expect that we will require 2,400,000, including our current working capital, to fund our operating expenditures for the next twelve
months. Projected working capital requirements for the next twelve months are as follows: 

Estimated
Working Capital Expenditures During the Next Twelve Months 

General
 and administrative expenses 
 2,400,000 
 
 Total 
 2,400,000 

Our
estimated general and administrative expenses for the next 12 months are 2,400,000 and are comprised of: consulting fees, accounting
services, board of directors and our advisory board, investor relations consultants, and to our public relations and marketing consultants;
legal and professional fees (including auditing fees); for insurance; marketing and advertising expenses; trade shows; travel expenses;
office rent and miscellaneous and office expenses. 

We
will require additional cash resources to meet our planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements for the next 12
months. We expect to derive such cash through the sale of equity or debt securities or by obtaining a credit facility. The sale of
additional equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness will result in debt service
obligations, which could cause additional dilution to our stockholders, and could require us to agree to financial covenants that
could restrict our operations or modify our plans to source a new business opportunity. Financing may not be available in amounts or
on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Failure to raise additional funds could cause our company to fail. 

19 

Going
Concern 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable
to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. We
have not yet established a source of revenues sufficient to cover our operating costs and to allow us to continue as a going concern.
We have incurred losses since inception resulting in an accumulated deficit on December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 41,428,167 and
 35,248,384, respectively. Our ability to operate as a going concern is dependent on obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until we
become profitable. 

In
its report on our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm
included an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
next page. 

20 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting firm (PCAOB ID: 
 and 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc the Company , MetaWorks as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company s losses from operations and accumulated deficit raise substantial doubt about its
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Other
Matter- 2021 Financial Statements 

The
financial statements of MetaWorks as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, were audited by other auditors whose report thereon,
dated April 14, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion and included an explanatory paragraph that described the substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements. The 2021 financial statements
are only presented for comparative purposes. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Complex
Accounting Treatments - Financing Transactions 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Notes 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s financing transactions include warrants
that are denominated in a currency other than the Company s functional currency which requires derivative accounting. Derivative
accounting is complex, involves judgements, and estimations. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

We
examined on a sample basis the underlying warrant agreements, evaluated management s selection of a valuation method, tested the
inputs used in the Black-Scholes calculation by agreeing terms to the warrant agreements, market information on third-party sites, and
recalculated the derivative liability. 

NFT
Revenue Recognition 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Notes 2 the valuation of NFT transactions could be subject to limited regulatory and accounting guidance. 

F- 2 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

We
examined the terms of the agreements for sampled NFT sales, information from third-party sites, proof of payment and documentation that
ownership of the NFT was transferred to the purchaser. We reviewed the AICPA Practice Aid Accounting for and Auditing of Digital
Assets issued on June 30, 2022, and the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121, issued on June 15, 2022, on digital assets,
to determine what recent authoritative and nonauthoritative guidance would apply to these transactions. We evaluated as applicable ASC
606 New Revenue Recognition Policy . Accordingly, NFT revenues were tested based on available guidance that was most applicable
to the nature of sales. 

Movie
Distribution Revenue Recognition 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Notes 2 the valuation of movie distribution sales could be subject to industry specific accounting guidance considerations. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

We
examined the terms of agreement for the movie distribution sale, information from third-party sites regarding publications on the sale,
proof of payment and documentation supporting the transfer of distribution rights to the purchaser, and records on subsequent movie revenues
sent to the Company by the purchaser. We reviewed publications on common revenue recognition guidance issues related to the movie distribution
industry from reputable sources. We evaluated as applicable ASC 606 New Revenue Recognition Policy . Accordingly, the movie
distribution revenue was tested based on available guidance that was most applicable to the nature of sales. 

Complex
Accounting Treatments - Stock Options 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Notes 2 and 16 the Company has stock options, which requires fair value calculations that are complex and subject
to critical judgment. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

We
examined stock option agreements, on a sample basis tested inputs used in the Black-Scholes calculation by agreeing terms to the agreements,
market information on third-party sites, and recalculated the stock option s fair value and stock-based compensation expense. 

C onsolidation 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Notes 2 the Company has multiple subsidiaries with intercompany balances and transactions. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

We
examined detailed transactions and consolidation reports to obtain comfort that intercompany transactions and balances were properly
eliminated. 

/S/
 (PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March
17, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc (fka CurrencyWorks, Inc.) 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc (fka CurrencyWorks, Inc.) (the Company) as of December
31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for
each of the year ended December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Consideration
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing,
there could be a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provided
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Complex
Financing Transactions 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s financing transactions include warrants that are denominated
in a currency other than the Company s functional currency which requires derivative accounting. Derivative accounting is complex,
involves judgements, and estimation. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
reviewed the underlying warrant agreements, evaluated management s selection of a valuation method, tested the inputs used in the
Black-Scholes calculation by agreeing terms to the warrant agreements and market information to third-party sites, and recalculated the
derivative liability. We also reviewed the Company s convertible note agreements to determine if there were unidentified derivatives. 

F- 4 

NFT
Revenue Recognition 

Description
of the Matter: 

NFTs
are intangible assets with subjective value and limited regulatory and accounting guidance. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
reviewed the terms of selected NFT sales, information from third-party sites, proof of payment and documentation that ownership of the
NFT was transferred to the purchaser. 

Complex
Stock Options 

Description
of the Matter: 

The
Company has stock options, which requires fair value calculations that are complex and subject to critical judgment. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
reviewed stock option agreements, tested inputs used in the Black-Scholes calculation by agreeing terms to the agreements and market
information to third-party sites, and recalculated the stock-based compensation expense. 

Investment
Value 

Description
of the Matter: 

The
Company holds stock in a private entity and the investment was obtained through a noncash exchange of shares. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
reviewed the stock exchange agreement and a public filing that disclosed the private placements which were used for the valuation. 

Intangible
Asset Value 

Description
of the Matter: 

The
recorded intangible asset is subject to impairment if future cash flows will not exceed the unamortized cost. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
reviewed support for cash generated during and subsequent to the year and considered management s plans to generate additional
revenue. 

Consolidation 

Description
of the Matter: 

The
Company has multiple subsidiaries with intercompany balances and transactions and spun-off a subsidiary that involved debt conversion
and required a gain/loss calculation. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
reviewed detailed transactions and consolidation reports to ensure related party transactions and balances were properly eliminated.
We reviewed management s assessment of new subsidiaries and the sale of a subsidiary and recalculated the non-controlling interest
at year-end and the gain on the subsidiary deconsolidation. 

April
15, 2022 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

 We became the predecessor auditors in 2022. 

F- 5 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December
31, 2022 
 December
31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Interest receivable, related party current portion 

Notes receivable, related party current portion 

Total Current Assets 

Long-Term Assets 

Intangible asset, net 
 - 

Notes receivable, related party long term portion 

Investments, related party 

Total Long-Term Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative liability 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total MetaWorks Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Non-controlling Interest 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Consulting services 

NFT revenue 

Movie distribution revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Service costs 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income - note receivable 

Interest expense - note payable 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Loss on impairment of intangible 

Loss from investment write-off 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Provision for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Net profit (loss) from non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to MetaWorks 

Loss per common share Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation, related party 

Consulting expense share-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on impairment of intangible 

Amortization 

Change in fair value of investments 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from investment write off 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Deconsolidation 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase) decrease in assets 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued interest notes receivable 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Accrued interest on notes payable, related party 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Investing activities 

Payments for Fogdog notes receivable 
 - 

Purchase of intangible assets 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 - 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments of notes payable 

Proceeds from warrants exercised 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of EnderbyWorks shares to minority shareholders 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 
 - 

Proceeds from share issuance 

Payments of share issuance costs 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net changes in cash and equivalents 

Cash and equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and equivalents at end of the year 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash paid in interest 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Stock-based compensation reversal - forfeiture 

Stock-based compensation, related party 

Consulting expenses shareholder compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Derivative write-off of expired warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of convertible debt 
 - 

Change in fair value of investments 
 
 - 
 
 Loss for investment write-off 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable settled for stock issuance 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on impairment of intangible 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock Number of Shares (#) 
 Common Stock Dollar Amount ) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital ) 
 Accumulated Deficit ) 
 Non- Controlling Interest ) 
 Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 ) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation, related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other share issuances for cash 

- 
 - 

Options exercised 

- 
 - 

Warrants exercised 

- 
 - 

Debt conversion 

- 
 - 

Private placement for cash 

- 
 - 

Deconsolidation 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation, related party 
 - 
 - 

- 

Prior period adjustment to correct error in share based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other share issuances for cash 

- 
 - 

Shares issuances for services 

EnderbyWorks shares issued to minority shareholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liability write-off for expired warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Debt conversion 

- 
 - 

Private placement for cash 

- 
 - 

Net income/(loss) for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

on , under its previous name Redstone Literary Agents, Inc., with an authorized capital of 
common shares, having a par value of 
per share. During the period ended December 31, 2010, the Company commenced operations by issuing shares and developing its
publishing service business, focused on representing authors to publishers. 

On August 1, 2017 the company incorporated a Nevada
subsidiary, AppCoin Innovations (USA) inc., which will be used to operate the Company s business of providing blockchain consulting
services. 

On February 14, 2018, we effected a name
change for our subsidiary from AppCoin Innovations (USA) Inc. to ICOx USA, Inc. 

On
November 28, 2018, we incorporated a new Delaware subsidiary, Cathio, Inc, to provide blockchain technology opportunities to the Catholic
community. Cathio was dissolved on October 20, 2020. 

On November 28, 2018, we incorporated a new Delaware
subsidiary, GN Innovations, Inc. to provide blockchain technology opportunities to the sports and entertainment industry by working with
large and well-established brands. 

Effective December 5, 2018, we effected a name change for our subsidiary from GN Innovations, Inc. 
to GNI, Inc. 

Effective
February 6, 2019, we effected a name change for our subsidiary from GN1, Inc. to sBetOne, Inc. . On August
12, 2021, the Company s subsidiary sBetOne, Inc. sBetOne entered into a business combination with a related party,
VON Acquisition Inc. VON ), whereby sBetOne became a wholly owned subsidiary of VON. 

On
September 3, 2019, the Company changed its name from ICOx Innovations Inc. to CurrencyWorks Inc. and a subsidiary
of the Company changed its name from ICOx USA, Inc. to CurrencyWorks USA Inc. . 

On
June 22, 2021, we incorporated a new Delaware subsidiary, Motoclub LLC, to create a marketplace for digital automotive collectibles. 

On
June 22, 2021, we incorporated a new Delaware subsidiary, EnderbyWorks, LLC, EnderbyWorks to create a direct-to-consumer,
feature-length film viewing and distribution platform delivering feature-length films and digital collectible entertainment content as
NFTs. 

On
August 24, 2022, the Company changed its name from CurrencyWorks Inc. to MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. 

The
Company s business model is to provide a turnkey set of services to develop and integrate Web 3.0 / Metaverse technologies, NFT,
blockchain, and cryptocurrency technologies. The Company s services include strategic planning, project planning, structure development
and administration, business plan modeling, technology development support, whitepaper preparation, due diligence reporting, governance
planning and management, and movie distribution. 

Going
Concern 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets
and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred losses since inception
resulting in an accumulated deficit of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and
further losses are anticipated in the pursuit of the Company s new service business opportunity, raising substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company
generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities
arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months
with existing cash on hand, loans from directors and proceeds from the issuance of its stock. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

1.
NATURE AND CONTINUANCE OF OPERATIONS (CONT D) 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 

FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes recognized in the financial statements. ASC 740 provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when
it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
to be recognized. ASC 740 also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure and transition. We have determined that the Company does not have uncertain tax positions on its tax returns
for the years 2020, 2018, and prior. Based on evaluation of the 2020 transactions and events, the Company does not have any material
uncertain tax positions that require measurement. 

Our
policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. We had no accrual for interest
or penalties on our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 or 2021, and have not recognized interest and/or penalties in the
consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

We
are subject to taxation in the U.S. and the state of California. The Company s tax returns for tax years from 2019 to recent filings
remain subject to potential examination by the tax authorities. 

allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Management individually reviews
all delinquent accounts receivable balances and based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of
the balance that will not be collected and would directly write-off these balances. Management considers a number of factors, including
the age of the receivables, which is often less than 60 days, current economic conditions and other information management obtains regarding
the financial condition of customers. The policy for determining the past due status is based on the contractual payment terms of each
customer. Once collection efforts by the Company are exhausted, the determination for directly writing off uncollectible receivables
is made. 

shares of common stock and
stock options exercisable to shares
of common stock. On December 31, 2021 the Company had no convertible debt outstanding, warrants exercisable to 
shares of common stock and stock options exercisable to shares
of common stock. For both years the effect of exercisable options and warrants is anti-dilutive and they have been excluded from
dilutive EPS. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 

Investments,
 related party 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities 

Notes
 Payable 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

The following table presents the Company s assets and liabilities
that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2021. 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level3) 
 
 Assets 

Notes
Receivable 
 - 
 - 

Investments,
related party 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities 

Derivative
Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT D) 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation FDIC). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash balances were in excess of federally insured limits. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers individually made up 
or more of total revenue. Their balances amounted to ;
 
was generated from the movie distribution sale and 
from consulting services. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no customers that individually accounted for 
(or more) of total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers individually made up 
or more of total accounts receivable, their balances amounted to .
There was no 
accounts receivable balance on December 31, 2021. 

compared to 0 as at December 31, 2021. 

Prepaid insurance 
 - 

Prepaid expenses total 

During
2021, the Company entered into a relationship with an unrelated entity to acquire common stock under a subscription agreement. The Company
would advise it on blockchain technology, permitting it to expand its marketing business, and in return the entity would provide marketing
services. On December 31, 2022, a total of payments were made on deposit for the purchase of these shares, the relationship was
evaluated as unbeneficial to the Company, it decided to expense these payments and terminate the arrangement. There was no obligation
or penalty should either party choose to terminate the relationship. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the entity provided marketing
services. As a result, the deposit of was expensed on December 31, 2022, as a marketing expense. 

to Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. Fogdog pursuant to convertible promissory note.
The note bears interest at a rate of per annum and was due on . The note was not repaid nor converted by the Company as
at the reporting date and is now payable on demand. Under certain conditions as outlined in the promissory note, the Company may convert
the outstanding loan into Fogdog s common stock. 

Effective
as of August 20, 2021, we loaned an additional 
to Fogdog pursuant to convertible promissory note. The note bears interest at a rate of 
per annum and comes due on . The note may not be prepaid without the written consent of the Company. Accrued interest for both Fogdog note
receivables total 
and 
on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, Swapan Kakumanu, is a director,
chief financial officer and a shareholder of Fogdog. 

On
March 15, 2023, note had its maturity dated extended to December 31, 2024 and the note had its maturity date extended
to December 31, 2028 . 

for . This acquisition is
linked to a project for movie related NFTs. The asset was amortized straight-line basis, based on a -year
estimated life. The Company was to generate revenues from the resale of the distribution rights over the period of ten years. The
Company entered a sales contract on November 15, 2021, to sublease these rights to a movie distributor resulting in revenues during 2022
of . Future revenues are dependent on a percent of gross receipts from movie-related sales after distribution expenses are deducted.
The film was released on May 27, 2022. Projected future cash flow from this asset could not be determined on December 31, 2022, and the
Company decided to fully impair the asset, resulting in a loss on impairment of intangible assets of . 

Less: 

Impairment 

- 
 
 Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 

Beginning accumulated amortization 

- 

Amortization expense 

Ending accumulated amortization 

common shares at per share, for a total investment of . 

On
August 12, 2021, the Company s subsidiary sBetOne entered into a business combination with a related party, VON Acquisition Inc. VON whereby the Company exchanged its equity interest in sBetOne for equity interest in VON. The Company received 
common shares or of the total outstanding common shares of VON as at the date of the business combination. The transition from
having a ownership in sBetOne to having a ownership in VON has led the Company to deconsolidate sBetOne from the Company s
financial statements and record the ownership of VON as an investment. The common shares were valued at CAD per share based on
the most recent sales of VON s stock. The investment in VON is an investment in a related party, due to the Company and VON sharing
key management in 2022. The investment in VON was revalued on September 30, 2022 due to the change in the foreign currency exchange rate. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the sBetOne carrying amount in liabilities of and loss in NCI of were removed from
the Company and converted into shares of VON, resulting in a gain of upon deconsolidation of sBetOne recorded in other income. 

At the conclusion of the exchange of VON s
shares for sBetOne s shares, to reflect a reasonable value for shares held in sBetOne, the Company wrote-off previously held value
attributable to the VON share price, resulting in sBetOne s shares being held at par. SBetOne s par value per share of common
stock is . 
 sBetOne shares were held by the Company on December 31, 2022, which resulted in the investment in sBetOne being valued at . 

Investment, related party sBetOne, LLP 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Note
A ). The promissory note is unsecured, payable on demand, and was set to mature on . The promissory note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the Bank of Canada s Prime rate. On August 9,
2022, a promissory note extension was signed, extending the maturity date of the note payable to . Accrued interest of 
was outstanding as at December 31, 2022. 

On
November 8, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note Note B agreement to raise . The Note has a discount
of and fees of , resulting in net proceeds of . The Note is unsecured, has a one-time interest charge of ,
and matures on . The Note total of (including principal, interest, and fees) will be repaid in ,
each in the amount of with the first payment due on December 30, 2022, and nine subsequent payments each month thereafter with
a five-day grace period with respect to each payment. 

In
the event of a default, the The first payment of was due and paid on December 31, 2022. Debt discount amortization and prepaid legal
fees and amortization amounted to and , respectively during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company incurred interest expense for these notes which total . 

cash from customers as deposits for work to be performed. On December 31, 2022, the
products had not been delivered to the customers, therefore the deposits have been recorded as deferred revenue. Deferred revenue was
 and
 on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 2 for additional information on our revenue recognition policy. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively. 

On
April 1, 2021, the Company appointed Cameron Chell as Executive Chairman. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts
payable and accrued expenses owed to this related party of and , respectively. 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company appointed Scott Gallagher as President. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts payable
and accrued expenses owing to this related party of and . 

On
December 4, 2018, the Company appointed Swapan Kakumanu as Chief Financial Officer. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
accounts payable and accrued expenses owed to this related party of and respectively. 

On
October 9, 2017, the Company signed an agreement with a company owned by Swapan Kakumanu to provide accounting services. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts payable and accrued expenses owed of . 

On
May 5, 2021, the Company loaned Fogdog 
 of which our CFO is a director, chief financial
officer and shareholder (Note 6). Effective as of August 20, 2021, we loaned an additional 
 to Fogdog pursuant to convertible promissory
note (Note 6). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total outstanding notes receivable from Fogdog of .
Accrued interest for both loans total and as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

warrants expired. The derivative liabilities related to expiring warrants were revalued at USD , resulting
in a loss of , related to the change in fair market value of the derivative liabilities. The Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model
is used to value the derivative liability. The following are key weighted average assumptions for the valuation of expired warrants on
June 12, 2022. Upon expiry, of derivative liability was written off against additional-paid-in-capital. 

Number of underlying shares for outstanding warrants 

Stock price 

Exercise price 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Warrant remaining life in years 

Black Scholes fair value per option 
 CAD 

The derivative liability revaluation on December 31, 2022 resulted in a
gain in the amount of . The derivative liability on December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 0 and , respectively. The revaluation
of the derivative liability for unexpired warrants on December 31, 2022, resulted in a zero value, due to the decline in the Company s
stock price. The expected life of the warrants was greater than the Company s historical stock information available, therefore,
the Company determined the expected volatility based on price fluxions of comparable public companies. The following are key weight average
assumptions for the valuation of warrants exercisable into common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These warrants expire on . 

Number of underlying shares for outstanding warrants 

Stock price CAD) 

Exercise Price CAD) 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Warrant remaining life in years 

Black Scholes fair value per option 
 - 
 - 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and common
stock warrants, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022 warrant holders did not exercise any warrants,
and warrants expired. The weighted average exercise price of warrants outstanding on December 31, 2022, is , and the
weighted average remaining contractual life is years. During 2021 warrant holders did not exercise any warrants, and warrants
expired. The weighted average exercise price of warrants outstanding on December 31, 2021, is , and the weighted average remaining
contractual life is years. 

A portion of outstanding warrants are denominated
in a currency other than the Company s functional currency. The fair value of each of these warrants is estimated using the Black-Scholes
valuation method, see Note 13. 

Since the expected life of the warrants was greater
than the Company s historical stock information available, the Company determined the expected volatility based on price fluctuations
of comparable public companies. 

Issuances 

Expirations 

Outstanding at end of year 

Weighted Average Price 

units were issued, consisting of one common share and one common
share purchase warrant issued at a price of (Canadian dollars CAD )) for total gross proceeds of CAD 
(United States dollars USD ))). The derivative liability valuation of the warrants issued is . 

February
4, 2021, the Company completed a private placement where units were issued, consisting of one common share and one common share
purchase warrant issued at a price of CAD for total gross proceeds of CAD USD). The derivative liability
valuation of the warrants issued is . 

On
March 23, 2021, the Company completed a private placement where units were issued, consisting of one common share and one common
share purchase warrant issued at a price of USD for total gross proceeds of USD. 

On
May 11, 2021, common shares were issued for debt conversion of . On June 25, 2021, common shares were issued
for debt conversion of . The sBetOne Inc. debt of was converted into shares of VON upon deconsolidation. 

On
July 14, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering where units were issued, consisting of one common share and
one common share purchase warrant issued at a price of USD for total gross proceeds of USD. 

On
November 29, 2021, the Company converted shares for services rendered where units were issued. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering where units were issued, consisting of one common share
and one common share purchase warrant issued at a price of USD for total gross proceeds of USD. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Company completed a private placement where common shares were issued to directors and officers of the
Company at a price of USD for total gross proceeds of USD. 

On
December 31, 2021, there were 
 warrants exercised for common shares. 

On
January 28, 2022, the Company issued 
common shares at 
USD per share for a total value of 
USD, USD of the share issuance value was a private placement for cash and USD of the share issuance
value was for vendor payable debt conversion. 

On
January 28, 2022, the Company completed a debt conversion where 
common shares were issued at a price of 
USD per share for a total value of 
USD. 

On
January 28, 2022, the Company issued 
common shares for USD cash at a price of 
USD per share. 

On
February 11, 2022, the Company issued 
common shares for services rendered to the Company. The common shares were issued at a price of 
USD per share, for a total value of 
USD. 

On
February 28, 2022, the Company issued 
common shares at a price of 
USD per share for total a total value of 
USD, USD of the issuance value was for cash and USD of the issuance value was for vendor payable debt
conversion. 

On
May 9, 2022, the Company issued 
common shares for services rendered to the Company at a price of 
USD per share, for a total value of 
USD. 

On
August 31, 2022, the Company issued 
 common shares for services rendered to the Company
at a price of 
 USD per share, for a total value of 
 USD. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

.
No amounts are paid or payable by the recipient on receipt of the options. On April 26, 2021, the maximum number of options available
for grant was increased to 
 shares. On December 31, 2022, there are 
 stock options issued and outstanding. On December
31, 2022, there are 
 unused stock options. 

The
Company has also granted stock options to non-employees. These stock options were granted to consultants who have provided their services
for cash compensation below cost, with the stock options providing additional compensation in lieu of cash. 

On
February 10, 2021, the Company granted a total of stock options to consultants. The stock options are exercisable at the exercise
price of per share for a period of from the date of grant. The stock options have a fair value of and are exercisable
as follows: 

(i) 
 1/3
 on the first anniversary date; 

(ii) 
 1/3
 on the second anniversary date; and 

(iii) 
 1/3
 on the third anniversary date. 

On
March 19, 2021, the Company granted a total of stock options to a consultant. The stock options are exercisable at the exercise
price of per share for a period of from the date of grant. The stock options have a fair value of and are exercisable
as follows: 

(i) 
 1/3
 on the first anniversary date; 

(ii) 
 1/3
 on the second anniversary date; and 

(iii) 
 1/3
 on the third anniversary date. 

On
May 5, 2021, the Company granted a total of stock options to a consultant. The stock options are exercisable at the exercise
price of per share for a period of from the date of grant. The stock options have a fair value of and are exercisable
as follows: 

(i) 
 1/3
 on the first anniversary date; 

(ii) 
 1/3
 on the second anniversary date; and 

(iii) 
 1/3
 on the third anniversary date. 

On
June 15, 2021, the Company granted a total of stock options to a consultant. The stock options are exercisable at the exercise
price of per share for a period of from the date of grant. The stock options have a fair value of and are exercisable
as follows: 

(i) 
 1/3
 on the first anniversary date; 

(ii) 
 1/3
 on the second anniversary date; and 

(iii) 
 1/3
 on the third anniversary date. 

On
September 6, 2022, stock options held by a consultant were forfeited. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted a total of stock options to officers and directors of the Company. The stock options are
exercisable at the exercise price of per share for a period of from the date of grant. The stock options have a fair
value of and are exercisable as follows: 

(i) 
 1/2
 the date of the grant; and 

(ii) 
 1/2
 on the first anniversary date; 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted a total of stock options to an officer of the Company. The stock options are exercisable
at the exercise price of per share for a period of ten years from the date of grant. The stock options have a fair value of 
and are exercisable as follows: 

(i) 
 1/3
 the date of the grant; 

(ii) 
 1/3
 on the first anniversary date; and 

(iii) 
 1/3
 on the second anniversary date. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

16.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (CONT D) 

Stock-based
compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Stock options
granted are valued at the fair value calculation based off the Black-Scholes valuation model. The weighted average assumptions used in
the calculation are as follows: 

Exercise price 
 
 - 
 
 Time to maturity (years) 
 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 - 

Dividend per share 

Forfeiture rate 
 - 
 - 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable, December 31, 2022 

As vesting
conditions are not wholly dependent on the employee and there is no timeline for them, for accounting purposes, the fair value is
calculated and the expense is recognized upon the achievement of the milestones. 

Nonvested
options are valued at the date of the grant at the fair value of the common stock and are expensed over the vesting period. As at the grant date of the nonvested options, the fair value of the common stock was based upon the issuance of the founder
shares at per share. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and ,
respectively. The carry forwards . The Company s net operating
loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations, which could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an
ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

. The Company s tax expense differs from the expected tax expense
for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate of 21 to loss before taxes (2018 21 )),
as follows: 

Federal income tax rate 

Tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rate 

Non-deductible items 

Tax effect of stock-based compensation (non-qualifying options) 

Change in Derivatives 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

The
tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred
tax assets and liabilities. The tax effect of significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets at December 31, 2021
and 2020, respectively, are as follows: 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the ability to realize the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 

The
returns filed from the year 2019 going-forward are subject to examination by the IRS. 

of its shares in sBetOne to a third-party and cancelled 
of its shares. Additionally, 
shares of sBetOne were issued to third-parties, reducing the Company s ownership in this subsidiary to . 

On March 15, 2023, the Company signed an agreement with its partner in the jointly owned subsidiary EnderbyWorks, LLC to become the 
owner of the company. The agreement includes a secured promissory note of from the partner to MetaWorks with an interest rate
of due and payable on . There is also a royalty clause on the existing assets that EnderbyWorks will pay the former partner
50 of the first in Net Revenue. 

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. 

 (formerly
CurrencyWorks Inc.) 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

18.
NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST (CONT D) 

On
August 12, 2021, the Company s subsidiary sBetOne entered into a business combination with a related party, VON Acquisition Inc. VON whereby the Company exchanged its equity interest in sBetOne for equity interest in VON. The Company received 
common shares or of the total outstanding common shares of VON as at the date of the business combination. The transition from
having a ownership in sBetOne to having a ownership in VON has led the Company to deconsolidate sBetOne in 2021, eliminate
the related non-controlling interest from the Company s financial statements, and record the equity investment in VON as of December
31, 2021. 

On
June 22, 2021, the Company incorporated a new Delaware subsidiary, EnderbyWorks, LLC, in which the Company owns . The Company also
has an ownership in Motoclub LLC. 

Issuance of shares by EnderbyWorks, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Net income 

Deconsolidation 
 - 

Non-controlling interest at December 31, 2022 

note payable with an initial agreement entered into on June 24,
2022. . 

On
February 10, 2023, the Company completed a private placement for 
 shares at a price of 
 per share for total gross proceeds of . 

On
March 7, 2023, the Company issued common shares for services rendered to the Company. The common shares were issued at a price
of USD per share, for a total value of USD. 

On
March 15, 2023, the Company and FogDog agreed to an extension of terms on both the loan and note payable extending the respective maturity
dates to and . 

On
March 15, 2023, the Company signed an agreement with its partner in the jointly owned subsidiary EnderbyWorks, LLC to become the 
owner of the company. The agreement includes a secured promissory note of from the partner to MetaWorks with an interest rate
of due and payable on . There is also a royalty clause on the existing assets that EnderbyWorks will pay the former partner
50 of the first in Net Revenue. 

The
Company has evaluated events occurring subsequent to December 31, 2022 through the date these financial statements were issued and noted
no additional items requiring disclosure. 

F- 22 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our
company is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Our principal
executive officer, who is our president, and our principal financial officer, who is our chief financial officer, are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures for our company. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, of
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and
our principal financial officer concluded that as a result of the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. Our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K based on the criteria
for effective internal control described Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of
the Treadway Commission 2013. Based on this assessment, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded
our internal control over the financial reporting is not effective due to the following material weaknesses, which existed as of December
31, 2022: 

Financial
 Reporting Systems : We did not maintain a fully integrated financial reporting system throughout the period and as a result, extensive
 manual analysis, reconciliation and adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements for external reporting purposes;
 and 

Segregation
 of Duties : We do not currently have a sufficient complement of technical accounting and external reporting personnel commensurate
 to support standalone external financial reporting under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP or SEC requirements. Specifically, we did not effectively segregate certain accounting duties due to the small size of our accounting
 staff, and inability to maintain a sufficient number of adequately trained personnel who have the knowledge and experience with U.S.
 GAAP and SEC reporting necessary to anticipate and identify risks critical to financial reporting and the closing process. In addition,
 there were inadequate reviews and approvals by our personnel of certain reconciliations and other processes in day-to-day operations
 due to the lack of a full complement of accounting staff. 

We
believe that our material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures relate in
part to the fact that we are an emerging business with limited personnel. Management and our board of directors believe that we must
allocate additional human and financial resources to address these matters. Throughout the year, we have been continuously improving
our monitoring of current reporting systems and our personnel. We intend to continue to make improvements in our internal control over
financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures until our material weaknesses are remediated. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls and Permitted Omission from Management s Assessment 

Our
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. All internal control systems, no matter
how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In
light of the material weaknesses described above, additional procedures were performed by our management to ensure that the consolidated
financial statements included in this report were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting during the Fourth Quarter of 2022 

During
the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On March 15, 2023, the Company signed a settlement agreement and release
with Enderby Entertainment, Inc., its partner in the jointly owned subsidiary EnderbyWorks, LLC to become the 100 owner of the company.
In order to account for former partner s owing the Company 1,828,000 pursuant to a certain limited liability company agreement
relating to EnderbyWorks, LLC, among other things, the former partner agreed to issue the Company a secured promissory note of 1,828,000
(the Note with an interest rate of 8 due and payable on July 6, 2024 and the former partner forfeited its 49 membership
interest in EnderbyWorks, LLC, resulting in the Company becoming the 100 owner of EnderbyWorks, LLC. The agreement also contains a royalty
clause on the existing assets that EnderbyWorks will pay the former partner 50 of the first 6,000,000 in certain net revenue of EnderbyWorks,
LLC, which will be offset against amounts due under the Note. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

21 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following individuals serve as our directors and executive officers. All of our directors hold office until the next annual meeting of
our stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified, or until their death, resignation or removal. Our executive
officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation, or removal from office. 

Name 
 
 Position
 Held with Our Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Scott
 Gallagher 
 
 President 
 
 56 
 
 September
 7, 2022 
 
 Swapan
 Kakumanu 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 53 
 
 December
 4, 2018 
 
 Cameron
 Chell 
 
 Chairman
 and Director 
 
 54 
 
 August
 21, 2017 
 
 James
 P. Geiskopf 
 
 Lead
 Director 
 
 63 
 
 August
 28, 2014 
 
 Edmund
 C. Moy 
 
 Director 
 
 65 
 
 February
 9, 2018 
 
 Shelly
 Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 51 
 
 June
 17, 2021 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director and executive
officer, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization
in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 

Scott
Gallagher 

On September 7, 2022, Scott Gallagher was appointed as the president of the Company. 

Mr.
Gallagher is a seasoned public company executive with over 25 years experience in the public markets. In 2000, Mr. Gallagher started
his first company, About Face Communications, LLC, representing several private and publicly traded companies. In 2002, he acquired control
of FTS Group FTS as its Chairman, CEO, and largest shareholder. During this time, FTS grew from a startup to generating
record sales growth before being sold to an investor group. In 2008, he was appointed Chairman and CEO of TheDirectory.com, Inc. He remains
Chairman of the company. Since taking the Chairman position, TheDirectory.com has materially grown revenue and completed both financing
and acquisitions. 

Swapan
Kakumanu 

On
December 4, 2018, Swapan Kakumanu was appointed as the chief financial officer of our company. Mr. Kakumanu had been the controller of
our company since October 2017. 

Mr.
Kakumanu has been a partner, controller and chief financial officer for Red to Black Inc., a financial services firm offering chief financial
officer, controller and strategic consulting services to both public and private companies, since November 2012. Mr. Kakumanu has been
the chief financial officer of RYDE Holding Inc. since October 2018 to November 2019, the chief financial officer and a director of BLOCKStrain
Technology Corp (now TruTrace Technologies Inc.) (CSE: TTT). since September 2018 to March 2020, and the chief financial officer of Pounce
Technologies Inc. since July 2016 to December 2019. Mr. Kakumanu was also the chief financial officer of Intercept Energy Services Inc.
from June 2014 to September 2018, the chief financial officer of Vogogo Inc. from August 2017 to April 2018, On September 16, 2021 we
appointed Mr. Kakumanu as our secretary and treasurer. 

Mr.
Kakumanu has over 20 years of senior finance and operations experience. He has served at the executive levels in both public and private
companies including senior roles as president, chief executive officer, chief financial officer and company secretary, as well as director
roles on boards. Mr. Kakumanu has extensive experience in public company reporting, investor relations, ERP implementations, mergers
and acquisitions, internal controls and general overall financial, strategic and operations management. His diverse industry experience
spans commercializing technologies and launching software solutions, blockchain, manufacturing, distribution, oilfield services, healthcare
technologies and multi-jurisdictional operations. He holds CPA.CGA, ACA (Chartered Accountant, India) and ACMA (Certified Management
Accountant, India) designations. 

22 

Cameron
Chell 

On
August 21, 2017, Cameron Chell was appointed as the president and chief executive officer and a director of our company. On October 15,
2017, Mr. Chell resigned as our president and chief executive officer in order to accommodate the appointment of Bruce Elliott as our
president. On the same day, Mr. Chell was appointed as the non-executive chairman. 

Mr.
Chell has been the CEO of Business Instincts Group Inc. since November 2009. Business Instincts Group is a venture creation accelerator
and services firm whose focus is building high-tech startups. The companies that Business Instincts Group has helped build include Draganfly,
RaptorRig, ColdBore, UrtheCast, the first commercial video platform on the International Space Station and Slyce, the visual purchasing
engine. As well, Mr. Chell has founded several startups including Futurelink, the original cloud computing company. Mr. Chell is currently
involved with creating and sourcing new projects, and overseeing corporate development for Business Instincts Group. Business Instincts
Group s venture creation process involves management services that integrate a proprietary strategic planning process (The RIPKIT)
into organizations fostering strategic growth, valuation appreciation, liquidity, and management accountability. In this regard Mr Chell s
primary responsibility is to provide project and strategic management facilitation while working with his co-founders, executives, and
investors to determine what is most important and specifically how to get it done. Mr. Chell has also been a director and secretary of
Ryde from December 2017 and chairman of Ryde from February 2018. 

We
believe that Mr. Chell is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive business experience derived from his
current and past occupation. 

James
P. Geiskopf 

Effective
August 28, 2014, Mr. Geiskopf was appointed as president, secretary, treasurer and director of our company. On August 21, 2017, Mr. Geiskopf
resigned as our president. On October 9, 2017, Mr. Geiskopf resigned as our secretary and treasurer. Mr. Geiskopf has been our lead director
since August 21, 2017. 

Mr.
Geiskopf currently serves on the board of directors of Verb Technology Company, Inc. (VERB: NASDAQ), formerly nFusz, Inc. (since May
7, 2014), a company having shares of common stock registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. He served as a director of Electronic
Cigarettes International Group, Ltd. from June 2013 to March 2017. He was the president, secretary, treasurer and a director of Searchbyheadlines.com
(now Naked Brand Group Inc.) from December 22, 2011 to July 30, 2012, and the president and director of The Resource Group from 2007
to 2009. From 1986 to 2007, he served as the president and chief executive officer of Budget Rent-a-Car of Fairfield, California. Mr.
Geiskopf also served on the board of directors of Suisun Valley Bank from 1986 to 1993 and on the board of directors of Napa Valley Bancorp.
from 1991 to 1993. 

We
believe that Mr. Geiskopf is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive business management and financial
expertise derived from his past occupation and his past and current board participation. 

Edmund
C. Moy 

On
February 9, 2018, we appointed Edmund C. Moy as a director of our company. 

Mr.
Moy has been self-employed since July 2013. He has provided autographs for Numismatic Guarantee Corporation since December 2015 and to
Profession Coin Grading Services, a division of Collectors Universe (CLCT: NASDAQ) from November 2013 to November 2015. Mr. Moy has also
been an author with Whitman Publishing since December 2013, and was a provider of endorsement to Fortress Gold Group from August 2014
to July 2017 and to Morgan Gold from November 2011 to July 2014. As a consultant since August 2013, he has advised the U.S. Department
of Labor and the U.S. Department of Transportation during most of 2017 and worked on projects to develop the first Bitcoin IRA and the
first state gold bullion depository in America. He has also been a professional speaker since August 2013. He was the vice president
for corporate infrastructure of L L Energy, Inc. from January 2011 to July 2013 and a director of L L Energy, Inc. from January
2012 to September 2012. From September 2006 to January 2011, Mr. Moy served as Director of the United States Mint, the world s
largest manufacturer of coins and medals. He was appointed by President George W. Bush and unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate. 

23 

He
currently serves on the advisory board or board of directors of several privately-held companies: AID:Tech (a blockchain company that
fights global corruption in foreign aid and relief with digital identification), OmniSparx (develops healthy decentralized token ecosystems),
and Valaurum (which sells the smallest verifiable unit of gold in the world). He is also a member of the Executive Advisory Board for
the School of Business Economics of Seattle Pacific University, the Board of Regents for Trinity International University, and
the National Council for C3 Leaders. 

Mr.
Moy has served on public, private and non-profit boards and advisory boards, including coin.co, Axon Connected, LLC, L L Energy,
Inc. (NASDAQ: LLEN), Xactimed, Emerald Health Network, Christianity Today International, and Tau Kappa Epsilon International Fraternity. 

We
believe that Mr. Moy is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive business experience derived from his current
and past occupation. 

Shelly
Murphy 

On
June 14, 2021, we appointed Shelly Murphy as a director of our company. 

Shelly
Murphy is the CEO and Managing Partner of GSD Group, the innovation and strategy group behind Atari Hotels, and the Foundation Chair
of the Woz Innovation Foundation, Steve Wozniak s non-profit organization to help build the future of technology. 

Ms.
Murphy is at the nexus of creating new verticals in technology, education, and entertainment. Murphy has an extensive background and
career experience in executive leadership, management, business development, and over two decades of experience in finance with over
 900MM USD issued in private activity bonds. Murphy established her career and was appointed by Governor s Executive Order as the
Executive Director and CEO of Arizona Higher Education Loan Authority, a not-for-profit organization with a mission to provide low-cost
education financing solutions. 

Ms.
Murphy currently serves on the Advisory Boards for OfferPad, an industry leader in innovative end-to-end real estate transactions, and
The Game Fund Partners, a venture fund focused on Gaming, Esports, and related media. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors or officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors or executive officers have been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

(a) 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

(b) 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offences); 

(c) 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

(d) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading
 Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

(e) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
 or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

(f) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
 the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over
 its members or persons associated with a member. 

24 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our
common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and to provide us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations
from certain reporting persons we believe that during year ended December 31, 2022 all filing requirements applicable to our executive
officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock were complied with, with the exception of the following: 

Name 
 Number
 of Late Reports 
 Number
 of Transactions Not Reported on a Timely Basis 
 Failure
 to File Requested Forms 
 
 Cameron
 Chell 
 1 
 2 
 Nil 
 
 Swapan
 Kakumanu 
 1 
 3 
 Nil 
 
 Scott
 Gallagher 
 1 
 1 
 Nil 
 
 James
 P. Geiskopf 
 1 
 3 
 Nil 
 
 Edmund
 C. Moy 
 1 
 3 
 Nil 
 
 Shelly
 Murphy 
 1 
 1 
 Nil 

Code
of Ethics 

On
December 20, 2017, our board of directors adopted a code of ethics and business conduct for directors, senior officers and employees
of our company. We adopted the code of ethics and business conduct for the purpose of promoting: 

honest
 and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest; 

full,
 fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in all reports and documents that we file with, or submits to, the Securities
 and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by our company; 

compliance
 with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

the
 protection of our assets, including corporate opportunities and confidential information; 

fair
 dealing practices; 

the
 prompt internal reporting of violations of the code of ethics and business conduct; and 

accountability
 for adherence to the code of ethics and business conduct. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have an audit committee consisting of James P. Geiskopf, Edmund C. Moy, and Shelly Murphy. Our audit committee assists our board of directors
in fulfilling its responsibility to our stockholders relating to corporate accounting matters, the financial reporting practices of our
company, and the quality and integrity of the financial reports of our company. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
board of directors has determined that it does not have a member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our
financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. In addition, we believe that retaining
an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome
and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. 

Other
Committees of Board of Directors 

We
do not have nominating or compensation committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating or compensation
committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes that the
functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our board of directors. 

We
do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for our stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors.
We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to our board of directors and we do not have any
specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our board of directors assesses all candidates, whether submitted by management
or stockholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment. 

A
stockholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request to the address appearing on
the first page of this annual report. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation 

The
particulars of compensation paid to the following persons: 

(a) 
 all
 individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022; 

(b) 
 each
 of two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers
 at December 31, 2022; and 

(c) 
 up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not
 serving as our executive officer at December 31, 2022, 

25 

who
we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers, for all services rendered in all capacities to our company for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are set out in the following summary compensation table: 

Summary
Compensation Table Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa- tion ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensa- tion ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Scott Gallagher 
 2022 

78,000 (2) 

50,000 
 128,000 
 
 President 
 2021 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Bruce Elliott 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former President 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 435,600 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 435,600 

Swapan Kakumanu 
 2022 

179,400 (2) 

56,000 
 235,400 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Secretary and Treasurer (1) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,239,600 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,239,600 

Notes: 

(1) 
 On
 December 4, 2018, Mr. Kakumanu was appointed as the chief financial officer of our company. On September 16, 2020, we appointed Mr.
 Kakumanu as our secretary and treasurer. 
 
 (2) 
 Reflects
 the grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 16 of our annual financial statements for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for a description of the assumptions made in the valuation of these stock options. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

In
connection with the appointment of Scott Gallagher as president, we have entered into an independent consultant agreement dated September 7, 2022. Pursuant to the agreement we have agreed to pay Mr. Gallagher a consulting fee of 10,000 per month. The agreement may be terminated by (i) Mr.
Gallagher by providing at least 30 days advance notice in writing, (ii) us by giving at least 30 days advance notice in writing, or (iii)
us without notice in the event that Mr. Gallagher: (a) breaches any term of the agreement, (b) neglects the services or any other duty
to be performed under the agreement, (c) engages in any conduct which is dishonest, or damages our reputation or standing, (d) is convicted
of any criminal act, (e) engages in any act of moral turpitude, (f) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or (g) is adjudicated as
bankrupt or insolvent. Mr. Gallagher has also agreed for the term of the agreement not to compete with us in the business of providing
services for blockchain initial coin offerings. During the term of the agreement and for a period of one year immediately following the
termination or expiration of the agreement, Mr. Gallagher has agreed not to solicit or induce any customer, prospective customer, supplier,
sales personnel, employee or independent contractor involved with us to terminate or breach any employment, contractual or other relationship
with us, or to otherwise discontinue or alter such third party s relationship with us. 

From
December 1, 2019 until his resignation as president of the Company effective September 7, 2022 we paid Bruce Elliott a consulting fee in the amount of 1 per month. 

26 

Since
October 1, 2017, we have paid Red to Black Inc., a company controlled by Swapan Kakumanu 4,000 per month which was amended to 10,000
per month from February 1, 2018, and to 12,500 per month from April 1, 2021 for providing accounting and controller services. On December
4, 2018, we removed Michael Blum as our chief financial officer in order to accommodate the appointment of Swapan Kakumanu as our chief
financial officer in connection with our application to list our common stock on the TSX Venture Exchange. In connection with the appointment
of Swapan Kakumanu as chief financial officer, we have entered into an independent consultant agreement dated December 4, 2018 with Swapan
Kakumanu whereby we agreed to pay a consulting fee of 5,000 per month. Commencing December 1, 2019, the consulting agreement was amended
to pay 1 per month. Commencing February 2021, Mr. Kakumanu s monthly fee was restored to 5,000 and increased to 10,000 in March
2021. In 2022, to help the Company, Mr. Kakumanu waived his monthly fees starting June 2022, but took a one-time fee of 6,000 in November
2022. Subject to compliance with all applicable securities laws, we also agreed to grant to Mr. Kakumanu stock options in an amount to
be determined by our board of directors. The agreement continues for a twelve-month term, which will automatically be renewed unless
we provide 30 days prior written notice of our intention to not renew the agreement. The agreement may be terminated by (i) Mr. Kakumanu
by providing at least 30 days advance notice in writing, (ii) us by giving at least 30 days advance notice in writing, or (iii) us without
notice in the event that Mr. Kakumanu: (a) breaches any term of the agreement, (b) neglects the services or any other duty to be performed
under the agreement, (c) engages in any conduct which is dishonest or damages our reputation or standing, (d) is convicted of any criminal
act, (e) engages in any act of moral turpitude, (f) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or (g) is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent.
Mr. Kakumanu has also agreed, for the term of the agreement, not to compete with us in the business of providing services for blockchain
initial coin offerings. During the term of the agreement, and for a period of one year immediately following the termination or expiration
of the agreement, Mr. Kakumanu has agreed not to solicit or induce any customer, prospective customer, supplier, sales personnel, employee,
or independent contractor involved with us to terminate or breach any employment, contractual or other relationship with us, or to otherwise
discontinue or alter such third party s relationship with us. 

On
October 15, 2017, as amended on January 22, 2018, November 22, 2018, and December 7, 2020, our board of directors adopted and approved
the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The purpose of the plan is to (a) enable us and any of our affiliates to attract and retain the types
of employees, consultants and directors who will contribute to our long range success; (b) provide incentives that align the interests
of employees, consultants and directors with those of our stockholders; and (c) promote the success of our business. On November 22,
2018, our board of directors amended our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan in connection with our application to list our common stock on the
TSX Venture Exchange. On December 7, 2020, the plan was amended to provide that a total of 6,985,207 shares of our common stock will
be available for the grant of stock options and no shares will be available for the grant of non-stock option awards. 

On
February 10, 2021, we granted 400,000 stock options to Bruce Elliott, and 400,000 stock options to Swapan Kakumanu. Each stock option
is exercisable for a period of 10 years at a price of 1.17 per share. The stock options vest as to one-third on the date of grant, one-third
on the first anniversary of the date of grant and one-third on the second anniversary of the date of grant. 

On
June 15, 2021, we granted 750,000 stock options to Swapan Kakumanu. Each stock option is exercisable for a period of 10 years at a price
of 1.16 per share. The stock options vest as to one-third on the date of grant, one-third on the first anniversary of the date of grant
and one-third on the second anniversary of the date of grant. 

On
August 26, 2022 we granted 800,000 stock options to Swapan Kakumanu and 1,000,000 stock options to Scott Gallagher. Each option is exercisable
for a period of 10 years at a price of 0.09 per share. The stock options granted to Swapan Kakumanu with one half vesting upon issuance
and one half in one year. The stock options granted to Scott Gallagher vest as to one-third on the date of grant, one-third on the first
anniversary of the date of grant, and one-third on the second anniversary of the date of grant. 

27 

Retirement
or Similar Benefit Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers. 

Resignation,
Retirement, Other Termination, or Change in Control Arrangements 

We
have no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to our directors or executive
officers at, following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement or other termination of its directors or executive officers,
or a change in control of our company or a change in our directors or executive officers responsibilities following a change
in control. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth for each named executive officer certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of December
31, 2022: 

Option awards 
 
 Stock awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) 
 Market value of shares of units of stock that have not vested ) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ) 
 
 Bruce Elliott 
 200,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 0.10 
 October 15, 2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Bruce Elliott 
 266,666 (2) 
 133,334 
 - 
 1.17 
 February 10, 2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Scott Gallagher 
 333,333 (3) 
 666,667 
 
 0.09 
 August 26, 2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Swapan Kakumanu 
 100,000 (1) (5) 
 - 
 - 
 0.10 
 October 15, 2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Swapan Kakumanu 
 1,150,000 (4) 
 1,150,000 (2) 
 - 
 0.09 
 August 26, 2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Notes: 

(1) 
 
 (2) 
 The
 stock options become exercisable as follows: (i) 1/3 upon the date of grant (October 15,
 2017); (ii) 1/3 on the first anniversary date and (iii) 1/3 on the second anniversary date. 
 The
 stock options become exercisable as follows: (i) 1/3 upon the date of grant (February 10, 2021); (ii) 1/3 on the first anniversary
 date and (iii) 1/3 on the second anniversary date. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 stock options become exercisable as follows: (i) 1/3 upon the date of grant (August 26, 2022); (ii) 1/3 on the first anniversary
 date and (iii) 1/3 on the second anniversary date. 
 
 (4) 
 The
 stock options become exercisable as follows: (i) 1/2 upon the date of grant (August 26, 2022) and (ii) 1/2 on the first anniversary
 date. 
 
 (5) 
 These
 stock options are held by Red to Black Inc., a company controlled by Swapan Kakumanu. 

28 

Compensation
of Directors 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, compensation to directors of our company is set out in the director compensation table below: 

Director
Compensation 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa- tion ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensa- tion ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Cameron Chell 
 65,000 
 - 
 195,000 (1)(5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 260,000 
 
 James P. Geiskopf 
 81,000 
 - 
 171,600 (2)(5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 252,600 
 
 Edmund C. Moy 
 - 
 - 
 62,400 (3)(5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 62,400 
 
 Shelly Murphy 
 - 
 - 
 39,000 (4)(5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 39,000 

(1) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Chell owned the following stock options: stock options to purchase 400,000 shares of our common stock at
 an exercise price of 0.10 per share until October 15, 2027 pursuant to the stock option agreement dated October 15, 2017 and stock
 options to purchase 2,500,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.09 per share until August 26, 2032 pursuant to
 the stock option agreement dated August 26, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Geiskopf owned the following stock options: stock options to purchase 400,000 shares of our common stock
 at an exercise price of 0.10 per share until October 15, 2027 pursuant to the stock option agreement dated October 15, 2017 and
 stock options to purchase 2,200,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.09 per share until August 26, 2032 pursuant
 to the stock option agreement dated August 26, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Moy owned the following stock options: stock options to purchase 800,000 shares of our common stock at
 an exercise price of 0.09 per share until August 26, 2032 pursuant to the stock option agreement dated August 26, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Ms. Murphy owned the following stock options: stock options to purchase 500,000 shares of our common stock
 at an exercise price of 0.09 per share until August 26, 2032 pursuant to the stock option agreement dated August 26, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Reflects
 the grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. See Note 16 of our annual financial statements for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for a description of the assumptions made in the valuation of these stock options. 

29 

On
January 22, 2018, we entered into an offer letter with James P. Geiskopf, pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to pay Mr.
Geiskopf 120,000 in annual cash compensation commencing on January 1, 2018. Commencing January 1, 2022, the compensation increased to
 15,000 per month. In 2022, to help the Company, Mr. Geiskopf waived his monthly fees starting June 2022, but took a one-time fee of
 6,000 in November 2022. 

On
April 1, 2021, we entered into an agreement with Cameron Chell, pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to pay Mr. Chell 15,000
per month. Commencing February 1, 2022, the amount was decreased to 10,000 per month. Commencing April 1, 2022, the amount was increased
to 15,000 per month. In 2022, to help the Company, Mr. Chell waived his monthly fees starting June 2022. 

In
connection with the appointment of Edmund C. Moy as a director on February 9, 2018, we entered into an offer letter dated February 9,
2018 with Mr. Moy, pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to pay Mr. Moy 50,000 in annual cash compensation and grant 100,000
stock options. Effective February 9, 2018, we granted to Mr. Moy 100,000 stock options, which are exercisable at an exercise price of
 0.60 per share until February 9, 2028. The stock options become exercisable as follows: (i) 1/3 on the grant date, (ii) 1/3 on the first
anniversary of the grant date and (iii) 1/3 on the second anniversary of the grant date. Commencing December 1, 2019, the cash compensation
was no longer in effect. 

In
connection with the appointment of Shelly Murphy as a director on June 15, 2021, we entered into an offer letter dated June 15, 2021
with Ms. Murphy, pursuant to which, among other things, we granted to Ms. Murphy 200,000 stock options, which are exercisable at an exercise
price of 1.16 per share until June 15, 2031. The stock options become exercisable monthly over 36 months as follows: 1/36 of the stock
options vesting each month commencing on June 15, 2021. 

On
February 10, 2021, we granted stock options to our directors (200,000 stock options to Michael Blum, 400,000 stock options to Cameron
Chell, 400,000 stock options to James P. Geiskopf, 200,000 to Edmund Moy, and 200,000 to James M. Carter). Each stock option is exercisable
for a period of 10 years at a price of 1.17 per share. The stock options vest as to one-third on the date of grant, one-third on the
first anniversary of the date of grant and one-third on the second anniversary of the date of grant. 

On
June 15, 2021, we granted stock options to our directors (1,000,000 stock options to Cameron Chell, 750,000 stock options to James P.
Geiskopf, 200,000 to Edmund Moy, and 200,000 to Shelly Murphy). Each stock option is exercisable for a period of 10 years at a price
of 1.16 per share. The stock options vest as to one-third on the date of grant, one-third on the first anniversary of the date of grant
and one-third on the second anniversary of the date of grant. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company cancelled the stock options granted to the directors that had been issued in 2018 and 2021 (1,400,000 stock
options from Cameron Chell, 1,150,000 stock options from James P. Geiskopf, 500,000 stock options from Edmund Moy, and 200,000 stock
options from Shelly Murphy). 

On
August 26, 2022, we granted stock options to our directors (2,500,000 stock options to Cameron Chell, 2,200,000 stock options to James
P. Geiskopf, 800,000 to Edmund Moy, and 500,000 to Shelly Murphy). Each stock option is exercisable for a period of 10 years at a price
of 0.09 per share. The stock options vest as to one-half on the date of grant and one-half on the first anniversary of the date of grant. 

30 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 17, 2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by
each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities and by each of our directors,
our named executive officers and by our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Name 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage of Class (1)(2) 
 
 Bruce
 Elliott 
 Common
 Stock 
 333,333 (3) 

Scott Gallagher 
 Common Stock 
 333,333 (4) 

Swapan Kakumanu 
 Common Stock 
 1,437,857 (5) 
 1.7 
 
 Cameron Chell 
 Common Stock 
 1,863,037 (6) 
 2.2 
 
 James P. Geiskopf 
 Common Stock 
 4,137,857 (7) 
 4.8 
 
 Edmund C. Moy 
 Common Stock 
 401,000 (8) 

Shelly Murphy 
 Common Stock 
 1,150,000 (9) 
 1.3 
 
 All current executive officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 
 Common Stock 
 9,323,084 
 10.9 

Notes 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Except
 as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed above, based on information furnished by
 such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws where applicable.
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with
 respect to securities. Common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed
 outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such option or warrants, but are not deemed
 outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 
 (2)
 
 Percentage
 of ownership is based on 85,645,066 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 17, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of 333,333 shares of our common stock underlying 333,333 stock
options that are vested or will be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (4) 
 Consists
 of 333,333 shares of our common stock underlying 333,333 stock options that are vested or will be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (5)
 
 Consists
 of 137,857 shares of our common stock held directly and 50,000 shares of our common stock held by Red to Black Inc., a company controlled
 by Mr. Kakumanu, 100,000 shares of our common stock underlying 100,000 stock options granted to Red to Black Inc., a company controlled
 by Mr. Kakumanu that are vested or will be vested within 60 days and 1,150,000 shares of our common stock underlying 1,150,000 stock
 options granted to Mr. Kakumanu that are vested or will be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (6)
 
 Consists
 of 213 ,034 shares of our common stock held directly, 1,650,000 shares of our common stock underlying 1,650,000 stock options
 that are vested or will be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (7)
 
 Consists
 of 2,637,857 shares of our common stock and 1,500,000 shares of our common stock underlying 1,500,000 stock options that are vested
 or will be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (8)
 
 Consists
 of 1,000 shares of our common stock and 400,000 shares of our common stock underlying 400,000 stock options that are vested or will
 be vested within 60 days. 
 
 (9) 
 Consists
 of 900,000 shares of our common stock held by GSD Group LLC., a company whose CEO is Ms. Murphy, and 250,000 shares of our common
 stock underlying 250,000 stock options that are vested or will be vested within 60 days. 

Changes
in Control 

We
are unaware of any arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. 

31 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Other
than as disclosed below, there has been no transaction, since January 1, 2021, or currently proposed transaction, in which the Company
were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 48,192.72, being the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average
of its total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a
direct or indirect material interest: 

(i) 
 any
 director or executive officer of our company; 

(ii) 
 any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; 

(iii) 
 any
 person who acquired control of our company when it was a shell company or any person that is part of a group, consisting of two or
 more persons that agreed to act together for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of our common stock, that acquired
 control of our company when it was a shell company; and 

(iv) 
 any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws) of any of the foregoing persons. 

On
February 10, 2021, we granted stock options to our former directors (200,000 stock options to Michael Blum and 200,000 to James M. Carter).
Each stock option was exercisable for a period of 10 years at a price of 1.17 per share. The stock options were to vest as to one-third
on the date of grant, one-third on the first anniversary of the date of grant and one-third on the second anniversary of the date of
grant. On June 14, 2021, Messrs. Blum and Carter resigned as directors of our company and a s
of December 31, 2022, Messrs. Blum and Carter owned no stock options of our company. 

The
Company entered into 7 promissory notes with rate of interest payable at 5 per annum on July 18, 2019, August 9, 2019, September 13,
2019, October 4, 2019, November 19, 2019, December 18, 2019, and January 9, 2020 with Business Instincts Group Inc. BIG ).
The Company repaid BIG 101,460 of the principal amount owing in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. As of March 15, 2023, the Company
owed 0 in principal and interest (December 31, 2022 - 0, December 31, 2021 - 28,804 and December 31, 2020 - 414,547). The largest
aggregate principal outstanding during the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was 0. No interest was paid in the period
from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2021. Our chairman and director, Cameron Chell, was a director, officer and an indirect shareholder
of BIG until January 15, 2021. 

We
engaged two clients to build out their business models, technology strategy, market entry strategy, and capital structure, including
a blockchain platform launch. We signed an agreement with BIG in which 80 of the revenue received is reimbursed to BIG for expenses
incurred to meet the performance obligations as outlined above. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred expenses of which 140,000
was payable as at December 31, 2021 to BIG related to these customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred expenses
of 294,000 of which 147,000 was payable as at December 31, 2022 to BIG related to these customers. 

Effective
as of May 5, 2021, we loaned 400,000 to Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. pursuant to convertible promissory note. The note bears
interest at a rate of 4 per annum and comes due on May 5, 2022. The note may not be prepaid without the written consent of our
company. Under certain conditions as outlined in the promissory note, the Company may convert the outstanding loan into common
shares. Our chief financial officer, secretary and treasurer, Swapan Kakumanu, is a director, chief financial officer and a
shareholder of Fogdog. Accrued interest as at December 31, 2021 is 24,773. Effective as of August 20, 2021, we loaned an additional
 850,000 to Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. pursuant to convertible promissory note. The note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum
and comes due on August 20, 2027. The note may not be prepaid without the written consent of our company. Under certain conditions
as outlined in the promissory note, we may convert the outstanding loan into common shares. Our chief financial officer, secretary
and treasurer, Swapan Kakumanu, is a director, chief financial officer and a shareholder of Fogdog. The largest aggregate amount of
principal outstanding during the period for which disclosure is provided and the amount thereof outstanding as of the latest
practicable date is 1,250,000. The amount of principal and accrued interest paid during the periods for which disclosure is
provided is nil. Accrued interest as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 142,493 and 24,773, respectively. 

On
December 29, 2021, we completed a private placement of an aggregate of 173,609 shares of common stock at a price of 0.288 per share
for aggregate gross proceeds of 50,000. Of the 173,609 shares: (i) Cameron Chell, our chairman and director, subscribed for 59,027 shares
of our common stock; (ii) Swapan Kakumanu, our Chief Financial Officer, subscribed for 57,291 shares of our common stock; and (iii) James
P. Geiskopf, our lead director, subscribed for 57,291 shares of our common stock. 

On
January 28, 2022, we completed a private placement of an aggregate of 244,139 shares of common stock at a price of 0.2048 per share
for aggregate gross proceeds of 50,000. Of the 244,139 shares: (i) Cameron Chell, our chairman and director, subscribed for 83,007 shares
of our common stock; (ii) Swapan Kakumanu, our Chief Financial Officer, subscribed for 80,566 shares of our common stock; and (iii) James
P. Geiskopf, our lead director, subscribed for 80,566 shares of our common stock. 

32 

Compensation
for Executive Officers and Directors 

For
information regarding compensation for our executive officers and directors, see Executive Compensation . 

Director
Independence 

We
currently act with four directors consisting of Cameron Chell, James P. Geiskopf, Edmund C. Moy, and Shelly Murphy. Our common stock
is quoted on the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, which does not impose any director independence requirements. Under NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2), a director is not independent
if, among other things, (1) he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation or was, at any time during the past three years, employed by
the corporation; or (2) he or she accepted or who has a family member who accepted any compensation from our company in excess of 120,000 during any
period of twelve consecutive months within the past three years, other than the following: (i) compensation for board or board committee
service; (ii) compensation paid to a family member who is an employee (other than an executive officer) of our company; or (iii) benefits
under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or non-discretionary compensation. Using this definition of independent director, we have three independent directors, James Geiskopf, Edmund C. Moy, and
Shelly Murphy. 

In addition, James P. Geiskopf, Edmund C. Moy, and Shelly Murphy, the members of our audit committee, have not accepted directly or indirectly
any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from our company or subsidiary other than in his or her capacity as a member of the
audit committee, our board of directors, or any other board committee, and each member of our audit committee is not a beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of more than 10 of our common stock and is not an executive officer of our company. Accordingly, they are independent
under independence standards applicable to the audit committee of a company whose stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
following table sets forth the fees billed or expected to be billed to our company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 for professional services rendered by Haynie Company, our independent registered public accounting
firm: 

Fees 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 53,100 
 56,313 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 53,100 
 56,313 

Estimated. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Our
audit committee pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accountants. All of the above services and fees
were reviewed and approved by our board of directors or our audit committee before the respective services were rendered. 

Our
board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accountants and believes
that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining the independence of our independent
registered public accountants. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 (3) 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form S-1, filed on March 30, 2011) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2017) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Merger dated effective September 3, 2019 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 9, 2019) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 3, 2021) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Merger dated effective August 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference from our Current Form 8-K, filed on August 25, 2022) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2022) 

33 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 (10) 
 
 Material
 Contracts 
 
 10.1 
 
 Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated September 14, 2015 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 15, 2015) 
 
 10.2 
 
 18 Unsecured Convertible Note with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated September 14, 2015 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 15, 2015) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated December 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 5, 2017) 
 
 10.4 
 
 18 Unsecured Convertible Note with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated December 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 5, 2017) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated December 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2018) 
 
 10.6 
 
 18 Unsecured Convertible Note with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated December 30, 2016 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2018) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated March 2, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 24, 2017) 
 
 10.8 
 
 18 Unsecured Convertible Note with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated March 2, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 24, 2017) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated June 8, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2018) 
 
 10.10 
 
 18 Unsecured Convertible Note with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated June 8, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2018) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Transfer Agreement dated August 21, 2017 with Blockchain Fund GP Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2017) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Business Services Agreement with Business Instincts Group Inc. dated October 18, 2017. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2017) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated October 30, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.14 
 
 10 Unsecured Convertible Note dated October 30, 2017 issued in connection with Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Oceanside Strategies Inc. dated October 30, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Hospitality Investors Special Situation Group Pvt. Ltd. dated October 30, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.16 
 
 10 Unsecured Convertible Note dated October 30, 2017 issued in connection with Private Placement Subscription Agreement with Hospitality Investors Special Situation Group Pvt. Ltd. dated October 30, 2017 (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement for Common Stock Offering (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2017) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Loan Agreement dated November 20, 2017 with WENN Digital Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2017) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Independent Consultant Agreement dated effective October 9, 2017 with Bruce Elliott (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2018) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Independent Consultant Agreement dated effective October 9, 2017 with Michael Blum (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2018) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Business Services Agreement dated effective December 29, 2017 with WENN Digital Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 2, 2018) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 14, 2018) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Services Agreement dated as of March 24, 2018 with WENN Digital Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 20, 2018) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Offer Letter dated January 22, 2018 with James P. Geiskopf (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 

34 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 10.25 
 
 Offer Letter dated February 9, 2018 with Edmund C. Moy (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.26 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated October 15, 2017 with James P. Geiskopf (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated October 15, 2017 with Cameron Chell (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated October 15, 2017 with Michael Blum (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated October 15, 2017 with Bruce Elliott (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated October 15, 2017 with Business Instincts Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated February 9, 2018 with Edmund C. Moy (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated December 20, 2017 with James P. Geiskopf (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated December 20, 2017 with Cameron Chell (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated December 20, 2017 with Michael Blum (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated December 20, 2017 with Bruce Elliott (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated February 9, 2018 with Edmund C. Moy (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 2, 2017) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Offer Letter dated May 17, 2018 with James Carter (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on July 17, 2018) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated May 17, 2018 with James Carter (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on July 17, 2018) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated May 17, 2018 with James Carter (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on July 17, 2018) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Offer Letter dated June 22, 2018 with Alphonso Jackson (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on July 17, 2018) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated June 7, 2018 with Alphonso Jackson (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on July 17, 2018) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Indemnification Agreement June 22, 2018 with Alphonso Jackson (incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on July 17, 2018) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated effective as of June 25, 2018 to Business Services Agreement dated October 18, 2017 with Business Instincts Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 29, 2018) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Loan Agreement dated July 9, 2018 with Ryde Holding Inc. (formerly WENN Digital Inc.) (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2018) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Corporate Guaranty dated July 9, 2018 by Ryde GmbH (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2018) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Business Services Agreement dated as of July 9, 2018 with Ryde Holding Inc. (formerly WENN Digital Inc.) (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 11, 2018) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Loan Agreement entered into as of August 29, 2018 with Ryde GmbH (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 31, 2018) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Corporate Guaranty entered into as of August 29, 2018 by Ryde Holding Inc. (formerly WENN Digital Inc.) (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 31, 2018) 

35 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 10.50 
 
 Security Agreement entered into as of August 29, 2018 with Ryde Holding Inc. (formerly WENN Digital Inc.) (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 31, 2018) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Security Assignment Agreement entered into as of August 29, 2018 with Ryde GmbH (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 31, 2018) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Master Services Agreement dated effective October 19, 2018 between ICOx USA, Inc. and BitRail, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 24, 2018) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Software Services Statement of Work dated effective October 19, 2018 between ICOx USA, Inc. and BitRail, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 24, 2018) 
 
 10.54 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Business Services Agreement dated as of October 29, 2018 with Ryde Holding Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 31, 2018) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated November 5, 2018 with Oceanside Strategies Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2018) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated November 5, 2018 with Oceanside Strategies Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2018) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated November 5, 2018 with Oceanside Strategies Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2018) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated November 5, 2018 with Oceanside Strategies Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2018) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated November 5, 2018 with Oceanside Strategies Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2018) 
 
 10.60 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2018) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 29, 2018) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Amendment to Independent Consultant Agreement dated December 4, 2018 with Michael Blum (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 4, 2018) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Master Services Agreement dated effective January 21, 2019 between ICOx USA, Inc. and FreedomCoin, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 4, 2019) 
 
 10.64 
 
 Software Services Statement of Work dated effective January 21, 2019 between ICOx USA, Inc. and FreedomCoin, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 4, 2019) 
 
 10.65 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated October 15, 2017 with Red to Black Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 26, 2019) 
 
 10.66 
 
 Stock Option Agreement dated June 8, 2018 with Red to Black Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 26, 2019) 
 
 10.67 
 
 Independent Consultant Agreement dated effective December 4, 2018 with Swapan Kakumanu (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 26, 2019) 
 
 10.68 
 
 Indemnification Agreement with Swapan Kakumanu (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 26, 2019) 
 
 10.69 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 20, 2019) 
 
 10.70 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Consulting Agreement dated effective October 9, 2017 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and Bruce Elliott (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.71 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Offer Letter dated January 22, 2018 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and James P. Geiskopf (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.72 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Offer Letter dated February 9, 2018 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and Edmund C. Moy (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.73 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Offer Letter dated May 17, 2018 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and James Carter (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.74 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Offer Letter dated June 22, 2018 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and Alphonso Jackson (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.75 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Consulting Agreement dated effective October 9, 2017, as amended on November 30, 2018 and July 1, 2019 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and Michael Blum (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.76 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Business Services Agreement dated effective October 18, 2017 as amended on June 26, 2018 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and Business Instincts Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.77 
 
 Amendment Agreement dated January 21, 2020 with an effective date of December 1, 2019 to Consulting Agreement dated effective December 4, 2018 between CurrencyWorks Inc. and Swapan Kakumanu (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 27, 2020) 
 
 10.78 
 
 Amendment to Loan Agreement and Termination of Business Services Agreement dated February 7, 2020 with Ryde GmbH and Ryde Holding Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 12, 2020) 
 
 10.79 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 16, 2020) 
 
 10.80 
 
 Business Services Agreement with Business Instincts Group Inc. dated December 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 11, 2020) 
 
 10.81 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 7, 2021) 
 
 10.82 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 11, 2021) 

36 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.83 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note with Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. dated May 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 6, 2021) 
 
 10.84 
 
 Amended 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 3, 2021) 
 
 10.85 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement dated July 6, 2021 with EnderbyWorks, LLC, Enderby Entertainment, Inc. and CurrencyWorks USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2021) 
 
 10.86 
 
 LLC Member Services Master Agreement dated July 6, 2021 with EnderbyWorks, LLC, Enderby Entertainment, Inc. and CurrencyWorks USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2021) 
 
 10.87 
 
 Technology Operating and License Agreement dated July 6, 2021 with EnderbyWorks, LLC and CurrencyWorks USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2021) 
 
 10.88 
 
 Secured Promissory Note dated July 6, 2021with EnderbyWorks, LLC and CurrencyWorks USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2021) 
 
 10.89 
 
 Security Agreement dated July 6, 2021 with EnderbyWorks, LLC and CurrencyWorks USA, Inc. (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2021) 
 
 10.90 
 
 Distribution License Agreement dated July 6, 2021 with EnderbyWorks, LLC and 92 Films, LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 7, 2021) 
 
 10.91 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.92 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.93 
 
 Engagement Letter dated June 15, 2021 with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.94 
 
 Amendment to Engagement Letter dated July 10, 2021 with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.95 
 
 Services Agreement with Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. dated August 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 24, 2021) 
 
 10.96 
 
 Loan Agreement with Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. dated August 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 24, 2021) 
 
 10.97 
 
 General Security Agreement with Fogdog Solutions Inc. dated August 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 24, 2021) 
 
 10.98 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 29, 2021) 
 
 10.99 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 29, 2021) 
 
 10.100 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 30, 2021) 
 
 10.101 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 28, 2022) 
 
 10.102 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 28, 2022) 
 
 10.103 
 
 Form of Private Placement Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.104 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2022) 
 
 10.105 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2022) 
 
 10.106 
 
 Independent Consultant Agreement dated effective September 7, 2022 with Scott Gallagher 
 
 10.107 
 
 Amendment #1 dated March 15, 2023 to Convertible Promissory Note with Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. dated May 5, 2021 
 
 10.108 
 
 Amendment #1 dated March 15, 2023 to Loan Agreement with Fogdog Energy Solutions Inc. dated August 20, 2021 

(14) 
 
 Code
 of Ethics 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April2, 2018) 

(16) 
 
 Letter
 re Change in Certifying Accountant 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Haynie Company dated August 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 1, 2022) 

(21) 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of CurrencyWorks Inc. 
 CurrencyWorks USA Inc., Nevada corporation 
 EnderbyWorks LLC., Delaware limited liability company 
 Motoclub LLC, Delaware limited liability company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Integritat CPA 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Haynie Company 

(31)

Rule
 13a-14(a) Certifications 
 
 31.1 

Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

(32)

Section
 1350 Certifications 
 
 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

37 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 (101)

Interactive
 Data File 
 
 101.INS 

Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
herewith. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

METAWORKS
PLATFORMS, INC. 

By: 

/s/
 Scott Gallagher 

Scott
 Gallagher 

President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: March 21, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Scott Gallagher 

Scott
 Gallagher 

President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: March 21, 2023 

/s/
 Swapan Kakumanu 

Swapan
 Kakumanu 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 21, 2023 

/s/
 Cameron Chell 

Cameron
 Chell 

Director 

Date: March 21, 2023 

/s/
 James P. Geiskopf 

James
 P. Geiskopf 

Director 

Date: March 21, 2023 

/s/
 Edmund C. Moy 

Edmund
 C. Moy 

Director 

Date: March 21, 2023 

/s/ Shelly Murphy 

Shelly Murphy 

Director 

Date: March 21, 2023 

39 

<EX-10.106>
 2
 ex10-106.htm

Exhibit
10.106 

INDEPENDENT
CONSULTANT AGREEMENT 

This
Independent Consultant Agreement (this Agreement is dated effective as of the 7th day of September, 2022 (the Effective
Date ). 

BETWEEN: 

METAWORKS
 PLATFORMS INC., a corporation duly incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada with a business address at 3250 Oakland
 Hills Court Fairfield California 94534 

(email:
 geiskopf@metaworksplatforms.io) (the Company 

AND : 
 
 Scott
 Gallagher , an individual having an address at 3415, Logger Head Way, Wesig Chapel, Florida 33544 

(email:
 scott@metaworksplatforms.io) (the Consultant 

WHEREAS : 

A.
The Company is engaged in the business providing services to entities and persons who wish to conduct blockchain platforms for Non
Fungible Tokens NFTs ), digital currencies, digital assets and security tokens; 

B.
The Consultant has considerable expertise in the general management of start-ups, financial and business matters; and 

C.
The Company wishes to obtain, and the Consultant wishes to provide, certain services to the Company on the terms and conditions set
out in this Agreement; 

NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Consultant (each, a Party and,
together, the Parties covenant and agree as follows: 

1. SERVICES
 TO BE PROVIDED 

1.1 Commencing
 on the Effective Date, the Consultant will hold the position of President and provide such
 services to the Company as are described in Schedule A to this Agreement (the Services ).
 The Consultant will also provide any other services not specifically mentioned in Schedule
 A, but which, by reason of the Consultant s capability, he knows or ought to know are
 necessary to ensure that the best interests of the Company are maintained. The Consultant
 shall be reasonably available to perform the Services required under this Agreement. 

- 2 - 

1.2 The
 Consultant will report to the Chairman and Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and will keep the Board informed of all matters concerning the Services as requested by the
 Board from time to time. 

1.3 The
 Consultant will perform the Services to the level of competence and skill one would reasonably
 expect from someone who has skills and experience similar to that of the Consultant. The
 Consultant shall devote sufficient working time, attention and ability in a timely manner
 to the Business of the Company (as defined herein), and to any associated company, as is
 reasonably necessary for the proper performance of the Services pursuant to this Agreement. 

1.4 The
 Consultant will not have any right or authority, express or implied, to commit or otherwise
 obligate the Company in any manner whatsoever, except to the extent specifically authorized
 by the Board. The Consultant is not authorized to make any representation, contract or commitment
 on behalf of the Company unless, prior to such time, he is specifically authorized in writing
 to do so by the Board. 

1.5 The
 Consultant will faithfully, honestly and diligently serve the Company, use his best efforts
 to promote the best interests of the Company and co-operate with the Company, and utilize
 maximum professional skill and care to ensure that the Services are rendered to the satisfaction
 of the Company. 

1.6 The
 Consultant will comply with all applicable rules, laws and regulations, and all applicable
 Company policies (to the extent they have been provided to Consultant by the Company), having
 application to the carrying out and performance of his obligations under this Agreement. 

1.7 At
 all times while on the Company s premises or representing the Company in any other
 location in connection with the provision of the Services, the Consultant will observe the
 Company s rules and regulations with respect to conduct, health, safety and protection
 of persons and property. 

2. INDEPENDENT
 CONSULTANT RELATIONSHIP 

2.1 It
 is expressly agreed that the Consultant s relationship with the Company is that of
 an independent contractor in performing the Services under this Agreement, and nothing in
 this Agreement is intended to, or shall be construed to, create a partnership, agency, joint
 venture, employment or similar relationship between the Consultant and the Company. 

2.2 The
 Consultant will not be entitled to any of the benefits that the Company may make available
 to its employees from time to time, including, but not limited to, group health or life insurance,
 profit-sharing or retirement benefits. The Company will not pay any contribution to any pension
 plan, employment insurance or withholding taxes, nor provide any other contributions or benefits,
 which might be expected in an employer- employee relationship on behalf of the Consultant. 

2.3 The
 Consultant is solely responsible for, and will file on a timely basis, all tax returns and
 payments required to be filed with or made to any federal, state or local tax authority with
 respect to the performance of the Services and the consideration therefor under this Agreement. 

- 3 - 

2.4 The
 Consultant is solely responsible for, and must maintain adequate records of, expenses incurred
 in the course of performing the Services. 

2.5 The
 Consultant represents and warrants that the Consultant has the right to provide the Services
 to the Company without violation of obligations to others and that any advice, information
 and documents given by the Consultant to the Company under this Agreement may be used fully
 and freely by the Company, unless otherwise so designated orally or in writing by the Consultant
 at the time of communication of such information. 

3. CONSIDERATION
 FOR SERVICES 

3.1 As
 compensation for carrying out the Services during the term of this Agreement, the Company
 agrees to pay to the Consultant a consulting fee in the amount of 10,000 per month, to be
 paid on a monthly basis at the end of each month. 

3.2 Unless
 otherwise waived by the Company, the Consultant will submit monthly reports to the Company
 showing the amount of hours worked by the Consultant on behalf of the Company during that
 period. 

3.3 The
 Consultant may incur expenses in the name of the Company, provided such expenses relate solely
 to the carrying out of the Services pursuant to this Agreement. The Consultant will, as soon
 as practicable, forward all invoices for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and the
 Company agrees to pay said invoices within 30 days of receipt. Any expenses of 500 or greater
 incurred by the Consultant in connection with the carrying out of the Consultant s
 duties pursuant to this Agreement must be approved by the Company in writing prior to the
 incurring of such expenses by the Consultant, unless pre-approval is impractical or impossible. 

4. TERM
 AND TERMINATION 

4.1 This
 Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for twelve (12) months (the
 Term ), unless terminated in accordance with Section 4.3 or renewed in
 accordance with Section 4.2. 

4.2 Notwithstanding
 Section 4.1, this Agreement will automatically be renewed for subsequent terms of twelve
 (12) months unless the Company provides written notice to the Consultant by no later than
 30 days prior to the last day of the applicable Term of its intention to not renew this Agreement.
 If this Agreement is renewed, the Board will perform an annual review of compensation paid
 to the Consultant, at the time such renewal is offered to the Consultant. 

4.3 Notwithstanding
 Section 4.1, this Agreement may be terminated at any time by: 

(a) 
 the
 Consultant giving at least 30 days advance notice in writing to the Company; 

(b) 
 the
 Company by giving at least 30 days advance notice in writing to the Consultant; or 

- 4 - 

(c) 
 the
 Company without notice in the event that the Consultant: (i) breaches any term of this Agreement, (ii) neglects the Services or any
 other duty to be performed by the Consultant under this Agreement, (iii) engages in any conduct which is dishonest, or damages the
 reputation or standing of the Company, (iv) is convicted of any criminal act, (v) engages in any act of moral turpitude, (vi) files
 a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or (vii) is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent. 

4.4 
 Upon
 termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Consultant shall promptly deliver the following in accordance with the directions
 of the Company: 

(a) 
 a
 final accounting, reflecting the balance of expenses incurred on behalf of the Company as of the date of termination; 

(b) 
 all
 documents pertaining to the Company or this Agreement, including, but not limited to, all Confidential Information, books of account,
 correspondence and contracts; and 

(c) 
 all
 equipment and any other property belonging to the Company. 

4.5 
 If
 this Agreement is terminated for any reason set forth in Section 4, then the Consultant will be entitled to the fees earned to the
 effective date of termination and any expenses incurred on behalf of the Company prior to the effective date of termination which
 are otherwise reimbursable by the Consultant pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

4.6 
 The
 definitions contained in this Agreement and the rights and obligations contained in this Section 4 and in Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8
 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 

4.7 
 Upon
 the termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, the Consultant shall upon the request of the Company, immediately resign,
 without claim for compensation or severance of any kind whatsoever, from all offices and directorships held by him in the Company
 or any affiliated company and in the event of their respective failure to do so the Company is hereby irrevocably authorized to appoint
 its designated person in their respective names and on their behalf to execute any documents and to do all things requisite to give
 effect thereto. 

4.8 
 The
 Consultant shall not, at any time after the termination of this Agreement, represent himself as being in any way connected with or
 interested in the business of the Company. 

- 5 - 

5. 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 

5.1 
 For
 the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means information, whether or not originated by the
 Consultant, that relates to the business or affairs of the Company, its affiliates, clients, sales personnel or suppliers and is
 confidential or proprietary to, about or created by the Company, its affiliates, clients or suppliers (whether or not reduced to
 writing or designated or marked as confidential), including, but not limited to, the following: 

(a) 
 any
 technical and non-technical information related to the Company s business and current, future and proposed products and services
 of the Company, including, without limitation, Company Innovations (as defined herein), Company Property (as defined herein) and
 the Company s information concerning research, development, design and product details and specifications, financial information,
 procurement requirements, engineering and manufacturing information, and business plans; 

(b) 
 information
 relating to strategies, research, communications, business plans and financial data of the Company; 

(c) 
 any
 information of or regarding the Company and its business which is not readily publicly available; 

(d) 
 work
 product resulting from or related to work or projects performed, or to be performed, for the Company or its affiliates, including,
 but not limited to, the methods, processes, procedures, analysis, techniques and audits used in connection therewith; 

(e) 
 any
 intellectual property contributed to the Company, and any other technical and business information of the Company and its affiliates
 which is of a confidential, trade secret and/or proprietary character; 

(f) 
 marketing
 and development plans, price and cost data, price and fee amounts, pricing and billing policies, quoting procedures, marketing techniques,
 methods of obtaining business, forecasts and forecast assumptions and volumes, current and prospective client lists, and future plans
 and potential strategies of the Company that have been or are being discussed; 

(g) 
 information
 belonging to third parties or which is claimed by third parties to be confidential or proprietary and which the Company has agreed
 to keep confidential; and 

(h) 
 any
 other information that becomes known to the Consultant as a result of this Agreement or the services performed hereunder, including
 information received by the Company from others, that the Consultant, acting reasonably, believes is confidential information or
 that the Company takes measures to protect. 

5.2 
 The
 Consultant s obligations under this Section 5 do not apply to any Confidential Information that the Consultant can demonstrate:
 (a) was in the public domain at or subsequent to the time the Confidential Information was communicated to the Consultant by the
 Company through no fault of the Consultant; (b) was rightfully in the Consultant s possession free of any obligation of confidence
 at or subsequent to the time the Confidential Information was communicated to the Consultant by the Company; or (c) was independently
 developed by the Consultant without use of, or reference to, any Confidential Information communicated to the Consultant by the Company.
 A disclosure of any Confidential Information by Consultant in response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body or
 as otherwise required by law will not be considered to be a breach of this Agreement or a waiver of confidentiality for other purposes,
 provided, however, that the Consultant provides prompt prior written notice thereof to the Company to enable the Company to seek
 a protective order or otherwise prevent the disclosure 

- 6 - 

5.3 
 The
 Consultant acknowledges that the Confidential Information is a valuable and unique asset of the Company and that the Confidential
 Information is and will remain the exclusive property of the Company. The Consultant agrees to maintain securely and hold in strict
 confidence all Confidential Information received, acquired or developed by the Consultant or disclosed to the Consultant as a result
 of or in connection with the Services. The Consultant agrees that, both during and after the termination of this Agreement, the Consultant
 will not, directly or indirectly, divulge, communicate, use, copy or disclose or permit others to use, copy or disclose, any Confidential
 Information to any person, except as such disclosure may be consented to by prior written authorization of the board of directors
 of the Company. 

5.4 
 The
 Consultant may use the Confidential Information solely to perform the Services for the benefit of Company. The Consultant shall treat
 all Confidential Information with the same degree of care as the Consultant accords to the Consultant s own confidential information,
 but in no case shall the Consultant use less than reasonable care. The Consultant shall immediately give notice to the Company of
 any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. The Consultant shall assist the Company in remedying any unauthorized
 use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. 

5.5 
 All
 Confidential Information and any materials and items (including, without limitation, software, equipment, tools, artwork, documents,
 drawings, papers, diskettes, tapes, models, apparatus, sketches, designs and lists) that the Company furnishes to the Consultant,
 whether delivered to the Consultant by the Company or made by the Consultant in the performance of the Services, and whether or not
 they contain or disclose Confidential Information (collectively, the Company Property ), are the sole and exclusive
 property of the Company or the Company s affiliates, suppliers or customers. The Consultant agrees to treat the Company Property
 with the same degree of care as the Consultant treats its own property, but in no case shall the Consultant use less than reasonable
 care. Within five (5) days after any request by the Company, the Consultant shall destroy or deliver to the Company, at the Company s
 option: (a) all Company Property and (b) all materials and items in the Consultant s possession or control that contain or
 disclose any Confidential Information. The Consultant will provide the Company a written certification of the Consultant s
 compliance with the Consultant s obligations under this Section 5.5. 

5.6 
 During
 the term of this Agreement, the Consultant will not accept work, enter into a contract or accept an obligation in breach of the Consultant s
 obligations under Section 7 of this Agreement, or the scope of the Services to be rendered for Company, under this Agreement. The
 Consultant warrants that, to the best of the Consultant s knowledge, there is no other existing contract or duty on the Consultant s
 part that conflicts with or is inconsistent with this Agreement. 

5.7 
 The
 Consultant represents and warrants that the Consultant has not used and will not use, while performing the Services, any materials
 or documents of another company which the Consultant is under a duty not to disclose. The Consultant understands that, while performing
 the Services, the Consultant shall not breach any obligation or confidence or duty the Consultant may have to any current or former
 client or employer. The Consultant represents and warrants that it will not, to the best of its knowledge and belief, use or cause
 to be incorporated in any of the Consultant s work product, any data software, information, designs, techniques or know-how
 which the Consultant or the Company does not have the right to use. 

- 7 - 

5.8 
 The
 Consultant will indemnify and hold harmless the Company from and against any and all third party claims, suits, actions, demands
 and proceedings against the Company and all losses, costs, damages, expenses, fees and liabilities related thereto arising out of
 or related to: (a) an allegation that any item, material or other deliverable delivered by the Consultant under this Agreement infringes
 any intellectual property rights or publicity rights of a third party, (ii) an alleged breach by the Consultant of any agreement
 between the Consultant and any third party, or (ii) any negligence by the Consultant or any other act or omission of the Consultant,
 including, without limitation, any breach of this Agreement by the Consultant. 

6. 
 DISCLOSURE
 AND ASSIGNMENT OF WORK RESULTING FROM PROVISION OF SERVICES. 

6.1 
 In
 this Agreement, Innovations means all discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, inventions (whether
 or not protectable under patent laws), works of authorship, information fixed in any tangible medium of expression (whether or not
 protectable under copyright laws), trade secrets, know-how, ideas (whether or not protectable under trade secret laws), mask works,
 trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress. Company Innovations means Innovations that: (a) result
 or derive from the provision of the Services or from the Consultant s knowledge or use of Confidential Information; (b) are
 conceived or made by the Consultant (individually or in collaboration with others) in the course of provision of the Services; (c)
 result from or derive from the use or application of the resources of the Company, its affiliates or suppliers; (d) relate to the
 Business of the Company or to actual or demonstrably anticipated research and development by the Company or its affiliates; or (e)
 the Consultant, solely or jointly with others, creates, derives, conceives, develops, makes or reduces to practice during the Term. 

6.2 
 All
 Company Innovations shall be the exclusive property of the Company and the Company shall have sole discretion to deal with Company
 Innovations. The Consultant agrees that no intellectual property rights in the Company Innovations are or shall be retained by him.
 For greater certainty, all work done during the Term by the Consultant for the Company or its affiliates is the sole property of
 the Company or its affiliates, as the case may be, as the first author for copyright purposes and in respect of which all copyright
 shall vest in the Company or the relevant affiliate, as the case may be. 

6.3 
 The
 Consultant agrees to maintain adequate and current records of all Company Innovations, which records shall be and remain the property
 of the Company. The Consultant agrees to promptly disclose and describe to the Company all Company Innovations. The Consultant hereby
 does and will irrevocably assign to the Company or the Company s designee all of the Consultant s right, title and interest
 in and to any and all Company Innovations and all associated records. 

- 8 - 

6.4 
 In
 consideration of the benefits to be received by the Consultant under the terms of this Agreement, the Consultant hereby irrevocably
 sells, assigns and transfers, and agrees in the future to sell, assign and transfer all right, title and interest in and to the Company
 Innovations and intellectual property rights therein, including, without limitation, all patents, copyright, industrial design, circuit
 topography and trademarks, and any goodwill associated therewith in Canada, the United States and worldwide to the Company and the
 Consultant shall hold all the benefits of the rights, title and interest mentioned above in trust for the Company prior to the assignment
 to the Company, save and except for any moral rights which the Consultant shall waive. To the extent any of the rights, title and
 interest in and to Company Innovations cannot be assigned by the Consultant to the Company, the Consultant hereby grants to the Company
 an exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple
 tiers of sublicensees) to fully use, practice and exploit those non-assignable rights, title and interest, including, but not limited
 to, the right to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, have made, and have sold, the Company Innovations. To the extent any of
 the rights, title and interest in and to the Company Innovations can neither be assigned nor licensed by the Consultant to the Company,
 the Consultant hereby irrevocably waives and agrees never to assert the non-assignable and non-licensable rights, title and interest
 against the Company, any of the Company s successors in interest, or any of the Company s customers. 

6.5 
 The
 Consultant agrees to perform, during and after the Term, all acts that the Company deems necessary or desirable to permit and assist
 the Company, at its expense, in obtaining, perfecting and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the
 world in the Company Innovations as provided to the Company under this Agreement. If the Company is unable for any reason to secure
 the Consultant s signature to any document required to file, prosecute, register or memorialize the assignment of any rights
 under any Company Innovations as provided under this Agreement, the Consultant hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company
 and the Company s duly authorized officers and agents as the Consultant s agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and
 on the Consultant s behalf and instead of the Consultant to take all lawfully permitted acts to further the filing, prosecution,
 registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance and enforcement of rights in, to and under the Company Innovations, all with
 the same legal force and effect as if executed by the Consultant. The foregoing is deemed a power coupled with an interest and is
 irrevocable. 

6.6 
 If
 the Consultant incorporates or permits to be incorporated any Innovations relating in any way, at the time of conception, reduction
 to practice, creation, derivation, development or making of the Innovation, to the Company s business or actual or demonstrably
 anticipated research or development but which were conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed or made by the Consultant
 (solely or jointly) either unrelated to the Consultant s work for Company under this Agreement or prior to the Effective Date
 (collectively, the Out-of-Scope Innovations into any of the Company Innovations, then the Consultant hereby
 grants to the Company and the Company s designees a royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license
 (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to fully use, practice and exploit all patent, copyright, moral
 right, mask work, trade secret and other intellectual property rights relating to the Out-of-Scope Innovations. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, the Consultant agrees that the Consultant shall not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Innovations conceived,
 reduced to practice, created, derived, developed or made by others or any Out-of-Scope Innovations into any Company Innovations without
 the Company s prior written consent. 

- 9 - 

7. 
 NON-INTERFERENCE
 WITH BUSINESS 

7.1 
 In
 this Agreement, Business of the Company means the business of providing services for blockchain initial coin
 offerings. 

7.2 
 The
 Consultant agrees that, during the Term, he will not, on his own behalf or on behalf of or in connection with any third party, directly
 or indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever, including, without limitation, as an employer, employee, principal, agent, director, officer,
 joint venturer, partner, shareholder or other equity holder, lender or other debt holder, independent contractor, licensor, licensee,
 franchisor, franchisee, distributor, consultant, financier, supplier or trustee, or by or through any company, cooperative, partnership,
 trust, unincorporated association or otherwise, anywhere in North America: 

(a) 
 carry
 on, be engaged in, have any financial or other interest in or be otherwise commercially involved in any endeavour, activity or business
 which is in competition with the Business of the Company; 

(b) 
 canvass
 or solicit the business of (or procure or assist the canvassing or soliciting of the business of) any customer, prospective customer
 or supplier of the Company to supply or purchase any goods or services that are substantially the same as or in competition with
 goods or services supplied in the Business of the Company; 

(c) 
 accept
 (or procure or assist the acceptance of) any business from any customer, prospective customer, sales personnel or supplier that is
 substantially the same as or in competition with the Business of the Company; or 

(d) 
 supply
 (or procure or assist the supply of) any goods or services to any customer, prospective customer, sales personnel or supplier that
 are substantially the same as or in competition with the goods or services supplied in the Business of the Company. 

7.3 
 During
 the Term, and for a period of one (1) year immediately following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Consultant
 agrees not to solicit or induce any customer, prospective customer, supplier, sales personnel, employee or independent contractor
 involved with the Company to terminate or breach any employment, contractual or other relationship with Company, or to otherwise
 discontinue or alter such third party s relationship with the Company. 

7.4 
 During
 the Term, and for a period of six (6) months immediately following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Consultant
 agrees not to, on his own behalf or on behalf of or in connection with any third party, directly or indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever,
 engage in any pattern of conduct that involves the making or publishing of written or oral statements or remarks (including without
 limitation the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumours, allegations, negative reports or comments) which are disparaging,
 deleterious or damaging to the integrity, reputation or goodwill of the Company or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees,
 consultants or advisors. 

- 10 - 

8. 
 GENERAL 

8.1 
 This
 Agreement contains the entire Agreement and obligation between the Parties with respect to its subject matter. No amendment to this
 Agreement will be valid or effective unless in writing and signed by both Parties. 

8.2 
 The
 Parties agree that the Consultant s obligations under this Agreement are of a unique character that gives them particular value,
 and that the Consultant s breach of any of these obligations will cause irreparable and continuing damage to the Company for
 which money damages are insufficient. The Company is entitled to injunctive relief, a decree for specific performance, and all other
 relief as may be proper (including money damages if appropriate), without the need to post a bond. 

8.3 
 The
 Consultant acknowledges that the restrictions contained in Section 5, 6 and 7 are, in view of the nature of the Business of the Company,
 reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company, that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement
 in the absence of such restrictions and that any violation of any provision of those Sections could result in irreparable injury
 to the Company. The Consultant agrees that, in the event it violates any of the restrictions referred to in Section 5, 6 and 7, the
 Company shall be entitled to such injunctive relief or other remedies at law or in equity which the Court deems fit. 

8.4 
 The
 Consultant expressly acknowledges that this Agreement is reasonable and valid in all respects and irrevocably waives (and irrevocably
 agrees not to raise) as a defence any issue of reasonableness in any proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, the intention
 of the Parties being to provide for the legitimate and reasonable protection of the interests of the Company by providing, without
 limitation, for the broadest scope, the longest duration and the widest territory allowable by law. 

8.5 
 The
 Consultant agrees to indemnify the Company from all losses, claims, actions, damages, assessments or demands (including reasonable
 legal fees and expenses) which result from negligent acts or omissions of the Consultant in providing the Services. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, the Company agrees that the Consultant will be covered by the Company s Directors Officers and Employment
 Practices Liability Insurance, once such insurance is obtained by the Company. 

8.6 
 Any
 notice, request, demand or other communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed
 given as indicated: (a) by personal delivery, when actually delivered; (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt;
 (c) by facsimile or email, when sent, if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business
 hours, then on the recipient s next business day; or (e) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification
 of receipt. Notice shall be sent to the addresses set forth on the first page of this Agreement or to such other address as either
 Party may advise the other in writing from time to time in accordance with this Section 8.6. 

- 11 - 

8.7 
 Each
 Party will be responsible for all of its own expenses, legal and other professional fees, disbursements, and all other costs incurred
 in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and all documents and instruments relating
 hereto. The Parties agree that they have had adequate opportunity to seek independent legal advice with respect to the subject matter
 of this Agreement, and have either obtained such advice or consciously chosen not to do so with full knowledge of the risks associated
 with not obtaining such legal advice. 

8.8 
 If
 any provision of this Agreement, including as to term or geographical area, is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under
 present or future laws by any court of competent jurisdiction, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the
 legality, enforceability or validity of any other provisions of this Agreement or of the same provision as applied to any other fact
 or circumstance, and such illegal, unenforceable or invalid provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make such
 provision legal, valid or enforceable. 

8.9 
 Time
 shall be of the essence of this Agreement. 

8.10 
 The
 Consultant may not sell, assign or transfer any rights or interests created under this Agreement or delegate any of the Consultant s
 duties without the prior written consent of the Company. 

8.11 
 The
 headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation
 of this Agreement. Wherever the singular or masculine or neuter is used in this Agreement, the same shall be construed as meaning
 the plural or feminine or a body politic or corporate and vice versa where the context so requires. 

8.12 
 This
 Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, and the federal laws
 of Canada applicable therein, and each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts of competent jurisdiction
 in the Province of British Columbia. 

8.13 
 This
 Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together
 shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be executed either in original or electronic form and
 the Parties agree that any signature delivered by electronic transmission will be deemed to be the original signature of the delivering
 Party. 

8.14 
 Unless
 otherwise provided, all dollar amounts referred to in this Agreement are in lawful money of United States. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have signed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above. 

METAWORKS
 PLATFORMS, INC. 
 
 SCOTT
 GALLAGHER 

Per: 
 /s/Jimmy
 Geiskopf 
 
 Per: 
 /s/Scott
 Gallagher 

SCHEDULE
A 

SERVICES 

Defined
terms used but not otherwise defined in this Schedule A have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Independent Consultant Agreement dated
effective September 7, 2023 (the Agreement between Scott Gallagher (the Consultant and MetaWorks
Platforms Inc. (the Company of which this Schedule A forms part. 

The
Services to be provided by the Consultant under the Agreement are as follows: 

(a) 
 Top
 level responsibility for development and execution of Company s business plan; 

(b) 
 Develop
 and deliver business plan s well as other related materials; 

(c) 
 Overall
 supervision of Company s employees, consultants, contractors and other representatives; 

(d) 
 Compiling
 marketing campaigns to promote the Company and the Company s products and business opportunities; 

(e) 
 Promoting
 the Company and Company s products and business opportunities through various social media channels; 

(f) 
 Being
 available to the Company, its affiliates, and program participants for conference calls, as schedules permit, with the Company to
 provide the Consultant with a conference line to use for such calls; 

(g) 
 Participating
 in conference calls with management of the Company on at times to be determined by the Company; 

(h) 
 such
 other activities as are reasonably directed by the Board. 

</EX-10.106>

<EX-10.107>
 3
 ex10-107.htm

Exhibit
10.107 

Amendment
# 1 to Convertible Promissory Note 

 Between

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. (Formerly CurrencyWorks, Inc.) 

 And

Fogdog
Energy Solutions Inc. 

 Signed
on May 5, 2021 

Amendment
Effective Date: May 5, 2022 

Maturity
Date to be replaced with December 31, 2024, instead of twelve (12) months All other terms of the May 5, 2021, Convertible
Promissory Note remain in effect. 

IN
WITNESS OF THE ABOVE the parties have executed this Amendment Agreement with effect from the date first written above. 

Dated:
March 15, 2023 

MetaWorks
 Platforms, Inc. 
 
 Fogdog
 Energy Solutions Inc. 
 
 (Formerly
 CurrencyWorks, Inc.) 

Per: 
 /s/
 Jimmy Giskopf 
 
 Per: 
 /s/
 Marlon Lee Him 

Jimmy
 Geiskopf 

Marlon
 Lee Him 

</EX-10.107>

<EX-10.108>
 4
 ex10-108.htm

Exhibit
10.108 

Amendment
# 1 to Loan Agreement 

 Between

MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. (Formerly CurrencyWorks, Inc.) 

 And

Fogdog
Energy Solutions Inc. 

 Signed
on August 20, 2021 

Amendment
Effective Date: August 20, 2022 

Section
7.1 and 7.2 

365
days to be replaced with 863 days which is December 31, 2023 

Section
7.3 

August
20, 2027, to be replaced with December 31, 2028 All other terms of the August 20, 2021, Loan Agreement remain in effect. 

IN
WITNESS OF THE ABOVE the parties have executed this Amendment Agreement with effect from the date first written above. 

Dated:
March 15, 2023 

MetaWorks
 Platforms, Inc. 
 
 Fogdog
 Energy Solutions Inc. 
 
 (Formerly
 CurrencyWorks, Inc.) 

Per: 
 /s/
 Jimmy Geiskopf 
 
 Per: 
 /s/
 Marlon Lee Him 

Jimmy
 Geiskopf 

Marlon
 Lee Him 

</EX-10.108>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries
 of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. 
 
 CurrencyWorks
USA Inc., Nevada corporation 

 EnderbyWorks
LLC, Delaware limited liability company 

 Motoclub
LLC, Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-255477) and the Registration Statement
on Form S-8 (No. 333-259312) of our report dated March 17, 2023, relating to our audit of the December 31, 2022, consolidated financial
statements of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc., which are appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/S/ INTEGRITAT CPA (PCAOB ID 6624) 

 Boca Raton, Florida 

 March 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-255477) and the Registration Statement on
Form S-8 (No. 333-259312) of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. (fka CurrencyWorks Inc.) of our report dated April 15, 2022, relating to our audit
of the December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. (fka CurrencyWorks Inc.), which are appearing
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. (fka CurrencyWorks Inc.) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
also consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Experts and Counsel in such Registration Statements. 

Haynie
 Company 

 Salt
Lake City, Utah 

 March
21, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Scott Gallagher, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

March 21, 2023 

/s/
 Scott Gallagher 

Scott
 Gallagher 

President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Swapan Kakumanu, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

March
 21, 2023 

/s/
 Swapan Kakumanu 

Swapan
 Kakumanu 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Scott Gallagher, hereby certifies, pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 

1. 
 the
 annual report on Form 10-K of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 the
 information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. 

March 21, 2023 

/s/
 Scott Gallagher 

Scott
 Gallagher 

President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, Swapan Kakumanu, hereby certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 

1. 
 the
 annual report on Form 10-K of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 the
 information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. 

March 21, 2023 

/s/
 Swapan Kakumanu 

Swapan
 Kakumanu 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 mwrk-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 mwrk-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 mwrk-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 mwrk-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

