<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1662382_0001213900-23-025650.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7348140</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>369841</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1537432</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1928264</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1776172</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1526873</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025650.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025650
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRAIN SCIENTIFIC INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001662382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				810876714
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56216
		FILM NUMBER:		23789334

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6700 PROFESSIONAL PARKWAY
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD RANCH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 388-3788

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6700 PROFESSIONAL PARKWAY
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD RANCH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	All Soft Gels Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025650.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_brainscientific.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

Or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Name
of Registrant in Its Charter) 

State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sales
price, or the average bid and asked price on such stock, as June 30, 2022 was M based on the closing price of 14.45 per share
of registrant s common stock as quoted on the OTC Marketplace on that date. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, at March 31, 2023. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

None 

BRAIN
SCIENTIFIC INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 29 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 49 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 49 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 49 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 50 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 50 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 50 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 59 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 59 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 61 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 61 

PART
 III 
 62 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 62 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 67 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 73 

PART
 IV 
 74 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 

SIGNATURES 
 78 

i 

BASIS
OF PRESENTATION 

Brain
Scientific Inc. (the Company ), was incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada on November 18, 2013 under the name
All Soft Gels Inc. On October 1, 2021, the Company acquired Piezo Motion Corp Piezo ), a privately held Delaware corporation
formed in January 2020. Upon completion of the acquisition, Piezo is treated as the surviving entity and accounting acquirer although
the Company was the legal acquirer. Accordingly, the Company s historical financial statements are those of Piezo. The Company
has two lines of operations The MemoryMD subsidiary group is involved in cloud computing, data analytics and medical device technology
in the NeuroTech and brain monitoring industries seeking to commercialize its EEG devices and caps. The Piezo subsidiary group is focused
on the ultrasonic standing wave-type piezo motor technology for rotary and linear motion and has experience in the research and development,
as well as the manufacturing, of piezo motors for high-tech industries across the globe. The Company is headquartered in Sarasota, Florida. 

Reverse Merger and Corporate Restructure 

On
June 11, 2021, the Company entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with Piezo and BRSF Acquisition Inc.
to acquire Piezo (the Acquisition ). The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were consummated on October 1,
2021 and, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding shares of Piezo were exchanged for 347,333 shares of the Company s
common stock and Piezo became the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. 

The
Merger was effected pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The Merger is being accounted for as a reverse merger whereby Piezo is the acquirer
for accounting purposes. Piezo is considered the acquiring company for accounting purposes as upon completion of the Merger, Piezo s
former stockholders held a majority of the voting interest of the combined company. 

Pursuant
to the Merger, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Piezo s stockholders, at an exchange ratio of 0.03 shares of the
Company s common stock. 

All
references to common stock, share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse recapitalization as if
the transaction had taken place as of the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

The
financial information, including the operating and financial results and audited financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K are that of the Company as it exists following the Piezo Merger. 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. Except as otherwise
indicated by the context, references in this report to Company , we , us and our 
are references to Brain Scientific Inc. as combined with Piezo Motion Corp. and reflects the prior operations and financial condition
of Piezo Motion Corp. before the Merger. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

In connection with preparing
for a share offering, the Company effected a one-for-85 reverse stock split of the Company s common stock. The reverse stock split
became effective on February 3, 2023. The par value and authorized shares of common stock and convertible preferred stock were not adjusted
as a result of the reverse stock split. All share and per share amounts in the financial statements and notes thereto have been retroactively
adjusted for all periods presented to give effect to this reverse stock split, including reclassifying an amount equal to the reduction
in par value of common stock to additional paid-in capital. The financial statements have also been retroactively adjusted to reflect
adjustments to the amounts and conversion prices for convertible debt, stock options and warrants affected in connection with the reverse
stock split. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including documents that may be incorporated by reference into this Report, contains forward-looking statements
that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Risk
Factors , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business 
but are also contained elsewhere in this Report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words may ,
 might , will , could , would , should , expect , intend ,
 plan , objective , anticipate , believe , estimate , predict ,
 project , potential , target , seek , contemplate , continue ,
and ongoing . Or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the
future. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Report, we caution
you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by us and our expectations of the future, about
which we cannot be certain. Forward-looking statements include statements about: 

Our
 plans to develop and commercialize our proposed and developing products, technologies, and services Products this
 includes both those from Memory MD, Inc. Neurology Products and Piezo Motion Corp. Motion Products 

Our
 plans for and our expectations regarding work required for approval of our Neurology Products still under development or require
 pre-approval from US Food and Drug Administration FDA or foreign regulatory bodies; 

The
 timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our Neurology Products; 

The
 clinical utility of our Neurology products; 

The
 market viability of our Motion Products; 

Our
 ability to obtain reimbursement coverage for our Neurology Products; 

Our
 expectations about the willingness of healthcare professionals to recommend our Neurology Products to their patients; 

Our
 expectations about the willingness of manufacturers to move from current motors to our piezo motors; 

The
 timing of our planned regulatory filings; 

Our
 expectations regarding international opportunities for commercializing our Products under development; 

Our
 ability to develop future generations of our Products 

Our
 future development priorities; 

Our
 future commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy 

Our
 ability to comply with applicable regulatory requirements 

Our
 ability to maintain our intellectual property position. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the
industry in which we operate, and management s beliefs and assumptions are not guarantees of future performance or development
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. You should refer to
the Risk Factors section commencing on page 29 of this Report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors,
we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our
forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in
these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person
that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. 

These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or
revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should, however,
review the factors and risks and other information we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date
of this Report. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING INDUSTRY DATA 

Unless
otherwise indicated, information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning our Company, our business, the services we provide
and intend to provide, our industry and our general expectations concerning our industry are based on management estimates. Such estimates
are derived from publicly available information released by third party sources, as well as data from our internal research, and reflect
assumptions made by us based upon such data and our knowledge of the industry, which we believe to be reasonable. 

iii 

PART
1 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

History 

We
were initially organized on November 18, 2013 as a Nevada limited liability company under the name Global Energy Express LLC by the filing
of articles of organization with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. On December 18, 2015, we converted from a Nevada limited
liability company under the name Global Energy Express LLC to a Nevada corporation under the name All Soft Gels Inc. by the filing of
articles of conversion and articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. On September 18, 2018, we changed
our name from All Soft Gels Inc. to Brain Scientific Inc. and changed our ticker symbol on the OTC Pink market to BRSF . 

On
September 21, 2018, we entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with MemoryMD, Inc. and AFGG Acquisition
Corp. to acquire MemoryMD, Inc. (the Acquisition ). The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were consummated
on September 21, 2018 and, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding shares of MemoryMD were exchanged for shares
of our common stock. Accordingly, we acquired 100 of Memory MD, Inc. in exchange for the issuance of shares of our common stock and
MemoryMD, Inc. became our wholly-owned subsidiary. In conjunction with the Acquisition, we ceased all direct operations and assigned
all of our assets and liabilities from prior to the Acquisition, and assumed and commenced the business of MemoryMD as the sole business
of the Company. 

On
June 11, 2021, we entered into another merger agreement (the Piezo Merger Agreement with Piezo Motion Corp. and BRSF Acquisition
Corp. to acquire Piezo. (the Piezo Acquisition ). The transactions contemplated by the Piezo Merger Agreement were consummated
on October 1, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Piezo Merger Agreement, all outstanding shares of Piezo were exchanged for shares of
our common stock. Accordingly, we acquired 100 of Piezo in exchange for the issuance of shares of our common stock and Piezo became
our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 6700 Professional Parkway, Lakewood Ranch, Florida 34240 and our telephone number is (917) 388-1578.
Our website address is www.brainscientific.com. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Company 

We
are a MedTech company with two innovative product lines: neurology and motion products. Since October 1, 2021, we have had two direct
subsidiaries, each of which is focused on one of our complimentary product lines. 

The
products of our subsidiary Memory MD, Inc., hereinafter referred to as the Neurology Products, are medical devices designed for the neurology
market. The products of our subsidiary Piezo Motion Corp., hereinafter referred to as the Motion Products, are small piezoelectric motors
which are designed for and expected to have valuable and beneficial uses as motors within medical devices and devices outside of the
MedTech industry. 

Since
the merger between Brain Scientific Inc. and Piezo Motion Corp., we have focused on building an experienced team and platform to grow
revenues from existing products and introduce new technologies to the market while leveraging our store of intellectual property. 

The
following diagram illustrates our legal structure for our two primary revenue streams. 

To
date, substantially all of our revenues have been derived from our Russian subsidiary, Memory MD Russia MMDR ), a subsidiary
organized by prior management, which has operated as a distributor of third-party medical devices within Russia. The Russian invasion
of Ukraine in February 2022 negatively impacted the operation of MMDR. With the uncertainty raised due to the continued Russian invasion
of Ukraine, and with such operations no longer part of the Company s business plan, the Company began winding down the operations
of MMDR. Accordingly, during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, MMDR satisfied its last distribution obligations and laid off all of
its employees. Since then, no work has been conducted by MMDR, and the Company has no ongoing operations or employees in Russia. MMDR
has no assets or liabilities and is currently a legal entity, waiting to be dissolved by Russian authorities, which we expect will occur
during 2023. The Company does not currently sell, import, or export any of its products in, to or from Russia, nor does it plan to engage
in such activities in the future. The Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) issues advisories to the public on important issues related
to the sanctions programs it administers, including with regards to the Ukraine/Russia related sanctions program. The Company has been
monitoring the situation, and none of the customers, vendors and distributors the Company previously worked with in Russia, is currently
being sanctioned by the U.S. government, nor were any of its former employees. The Company continues to maintain full compliance with
all U.S. Federal laws with regards to the situation and it does not expect things to change in that regard. 

1 

Products

The
two lines of products that we currently sell are (i) Neurology Products and (ii) Motion Products. 

Neurology
Products 

The
Neurology Products of our subsidiary Memory MD, Inc. are medical devices and software products designed for the neurology market. We
believe our Neurology Products represent a step forward in EEG technology and may be used in a wider range of applications beyond the
traditional hospital or neurologist office. 

Electroencephalography,
or EEG, is a method to identify and to evaluate the electrical activity of the brain. An EEG could be beneficial, when used with other
tools in the diagnosis of brain-related issues, including epilepsy, brain activity after a stroke, and sleep disorders. An EEG may also
be used to determine the electrical activity of a comatose individual. 

Our
initial Neurology Products are intended to allow for simplifying and making more ambulatory the completion of EEG. Further, the NeuroCap 
and NeuroEEG Products, both 510K FDA cleared and available for sale, are focused on providing efficient tools to the EEG medical
market. Our technology allows a miniature, wireless, clinical device capable of recording an EEG and provides the data to medical staff
without the bulky hardware or necessitating a neurology technician to place the cap. The NeuroEEG amplifier and desktop software
used to store and analyze data captured from the NeuroCap are anticipated to have strong margins, utilizing a distribution network
to provide access to hospitals, neurologists, and general practitioners as well as the various telehealth and tele-neurology companies. 

NeuroCap 

The
NeuroCap is an FDA-cleared disposable, soft layered cap with an integrated electrode circuit that is designed to address existing
problems of conventional EEG systems. The silver embedded wiring is pre-gelled, so it requires no prepping of the skin before application.
NeuroCap makes it possible for medical staff of all levels to perform EEG tests, without having to laboriously apply electrodes
one-by-one or spend considerable time cleaning an EEG headset after each use. 

2 

The
NeuroCap works in parallel with the NeuroEEG amplifier device to successfully carry out EEG tests. However, the NeuroCap 
can also work with other EEG devices in addition to our NeuroEEG. The NeuroCap s electrode placement follows standard alignment
pursuant to the international 10-20 system. The acquisition of electrical brain activity is carried out by non-invasive pre-gelled passive
Ag/AgCl scalp (cutaneous) electrodes, ensuring maximum comfortability for the wearer. Benefits of NeuroCap include: 

22
 electrodes and 19 active EEG channels for performing high-quality routine EEG tests; 

disposable
 EEG headset for reducing the risk of contagion and cross-contamination; 

pre-gelled
 electrodes for reducing patient discomfort and concern over messy gels; and 

malleable
 structure and adjustable Velcro straps allowing full adjustability during placement in patients with head injuries. 

Expanding
its potential uses, the NeuroCap s easy to follow numbered straps makes application easy by healthcare workers of all skill
levels. We estimate preparation for the EEG can be completed in approximately 5 minutes. It is user-friendly and requires minimal training.
It can be utilized for EEG testing for up to 4 hours. A routine EEG is reimbursable under several Current Procedural Terminology (CPT codes referring to a routine EEG. 

To
date, initial sales of NeuroCap have been made direct to a small number of hospitals and clinics. In February 2022, we entered
into a manufacturing agreement which has allowed us to begin providing NeuroCap for broader sale in December 2022. Our strategy
is to expand to indirect sales through representatives and distributors. 

NeuroEEG 

The
NeuroEEG connects wirelessly to the computer, allowing freedom of movement for the patient and enabling telemedicine applications.
Currently, we believe a shortage of EEG testing equipment and technicians exists in some areas. Other technology may require a specialized
technician to apply the gel and electrodes individually. A neurology technician may be more expensive and in shorter supply. They may
not be staffed and available 24/7 for some hospitals. 

NeuroCap 
and NeuroEEG can be used for recording EEGs in neurology clinics, urban and rural ED s, ICU s, urgent care clinics,
nursing homes and assisted living facilities, sports facilities, remote clinical research studies and a variety of other settings. 

3 

We
received our CE certification in August 2022, which will certify that our NeuroCap meets all sales requirements in the European
Union and European-Economic Area countries. 

NeuroHub 

NeuroHub ,
fka NeuroNet Cloud, is being developed to collect and aggregate data from current and future Company devices like the NeuroCap 
and NeuroEEG and from external sources such as research and medical data banks, 3rd-party devices, and clinical-use applications.
We believe that NeuroHub will allow for comprehensive monitoring and facilitate collaborative diagnosis, analysis, research, treatment,
and prevention by employing sophisticated Artificial Intelligence or AI and machine learning or ML algorithms utilizing historical and
current patient, device and platform data. 

We
anticipate that NeuroHub will allow white-labeling to provide facilities, physicians, and patients with a HIPAA-compliant branded
portal for Tele-neurology/Tele-medicine services, enabling secure access to patient data for evaluation and assessment by internal and
external clinical specialists and neurologists. The platform will also integrate with Electronic Medical Records or EMRs and other external
medical record databases to ensure up-to-date and complete access to patient information. 

We
anticipate that NeuroHub will allow users to access patient and clinical data to evaluate patient conditions remotely. We believe
that such an infrastructure removes the need for direct contact with the patient, opening up underserved geographic locations with an
undersupply of physicians to meet the growing demand for neurological care as aging patient populations continue to grow. 

As
designed, we anticipate that NeuroHub will allow for cross-referencing multiple points of data to aid with the following: 

EEG
 data and biomarker analysis; 

Pharmacology
 studies; 

Neurological
 disorders (Seizure, Sleep, Tumors, Infection/ Injury (TBI), Dementia, Stroke); 

Structural
 Injury Classifier (SIC), Brain Function Index (BFI), and Concussion Index (CI); 

Neurocognitive
 Assessments (Attention, behavioral, developmental); and 

Neurofeedback
 analysis and Neurofeedback Training (NFT) 

Artificial
Intelligence Infrastructure 

Our
infrastructure is also being designed to gather and mine brain-imaging data. Clinicians and researchers will be able to access data profiles
of their patients and generate risk assessment and treatment plans to address neurological conditions. This data could also be useful
in establishing correlations between a myriad of brain scans, allowing us to further understand connections about the brain that have
not been discovered. 

Artificial
intelligence infrastructure in the Company cloud refers to all modules used to perform automatic analysis of patient data. This infrastructure
can receive inputs from many different sources such as medical databases, normative data sets, and other patient health information.
By using machine-learning algorithms, the system is being designed to improve accuracy, providing for more advanced diagnostics as additional
brain images are acquired. 

The
infrastructure is being designed to combine neural networks with state-of-the-art tree search and pattern classification systems to build
robust neurological health profiles of patient brain scans. These models are expected to be self-learning, so the more data supplied
to it, the more educated it is expected to be. 

Our
objective is to achieve better patient outcomes at a reduced cost through robust modelling and correlational analysis of brain imaging
and other biometric data. Significant patterns recognized by the system are designed to help medical professionals detect nuances in
an individual s brain, allowing them to tailor more personalized treatment plans for their patients. NeuroHub is being designed
to handle millions of brain images to create robust models that correlate health records, behaviors, and other neurological factors. 

NeuroHub 
remains in development and is not currently integrated into our NeuroCap or NeuroEEG . 

4 

Market
Overview 

We
compete within the domestic and global medical device industry, referred to as the MedTech industry, which industry, on
a global scale, is expected to reach an estimated 594.5 billion by 2024, and it is forecast to grow at a compound annual growth rate
or CAGR of 5.3 from 2020 to 2024, according to Statista. 

The
MedTech industry is characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances and scientific discoveries. We believe that U.S.
medical device companies are highly regarded on a global scale for their innovations and high-technology products, which innovations
and products are produced due to a significant investment in research and development. 

Between
both of our product lines, Neurology Products and Motion Products, there is a significant opportunity for growth. The primary market
for our Motion Products is within MedTech. However, they can be used in multiple other businesses including drones, robotics, and automotive
industries. As we continue to expand, based upon the availability of funds to do so, we anticipate pursuing these additional markets. 

The
global EEG system and device market is expected to reach 1.59 billion by 2026, growing at a CAGR of 8.7 during the forecast period
according to Grand View Research. We believe the increasing incidence and prevalence of neurological disorders, rising awareness about
neurodegenerative disorders, high incidence of epilepsy, sleeping disorders, Parkinson s, and the increasing applications of brain
monitoring in clinical trials are driving the growth of this market. In 2018, standalone devices were estimated to generate the most
revenue as they gained adoption in hospitals and specialized centers. These customers are the primary target market for our neurology
devices. 

The
U.S. had the highest revenue share of the EEG system/device market according to Grand View Research. It is our plan to target the US
market primarily, though we are pursuing sales globally through our master agent LOK Corporation as well. Statista estimates the U.S.
EEG market size at 355M in 2024, growing at a 5.6 CAGR over the forecast period. 

Brain
monitoring is a complex process, requiring expensive and advanced devices and equipment that are mainly found only in hospitals. Hospitals
also see a considerably larger inflow of patients as compared to small clinics and other end users. Additionally, brain monitoring devices
can pose a considerable burden in terms of maintenance expenses on healthcare facilities; we believe that in general hospitals, more
than other end users, are able to bear such costs. Hence, brain monitoring devices are mostly used in hospitals, which consequently account
for the largest market share. 

U.S.
Healthcare Market 

The
National Health Expenditure Accounts or NHEA are the official estimates of total health care spending in the U.S. U.S. health care spending
grew 9.7 percent in 2020, reaching 4.1 trillion or 12,530 per person. As a share of the nation s Gross Domestic Product, health
spending accounted for 19.7 . 

Digital
health innovations are driving growth and opportunity in three major verticals of healthcare: 

Remote
 Patient Monitoring. Devices and applications that allow care providers to keep tabs on chronically ill, recently released, and overall
 high-risk patients (also referred to as remote patient management, or RPM). Wearable patches that diagnose heart conditions,
 sensors that monitor asthma medication intake, and glucose monitors that send diabetics data straight to their smartphones
 are just a few examples. 

Telehealth.
 Doctor access and advise, from outside the confines of an office visit. It could be mental health counselling from across the country,
 diagnosis and prescription writing in pediatrics without taking a sick child to the office, alternatives to primary care physician
 visits, and other, similar events. 

Behavior
 Modification. Platforms that help patients change their habits and adopt healthier lifestyles, with the primary aim of preventing
 illness and a clinically validated methodology of doing so. That includes smoking cessation tools and diabetes prevention through
 digital weight loss and coaching, among other technologies. 

5 

Neurology
Reimbursement 

Coverage
in the U.S. 

Reimbursement
from private third-party healthcare payors and, to a lesser extent, Medicare will be an important element of our success. Although the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, or CMS, and third-party payors have adopted coverage policies for our targeted indications, there
is no guarantee this will continue at the same levels or at all in the future. 

The
International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Edition, or ICD-10 is a clinical cataloging system that went into effect for the U.S.
healthcare industry on October 1, 2015, after a series of lengthy delays. Accounting for modern advances in clinical treatment and medical
devices, ICD-10 codes offer many more classification options compared to those found in its predecessor, ICD-9. Within the healthcare
industry, providers, coders, IT professionals, insurance carriers, government agencies and others use ICD codes to properly note diseases
on health records, to track epidemiological trends and to assist in medical reimbursement decisions. 

We
believe that many of the indications we are pursuing with our technologies are currently reimbursed on a widespread basis by Medicare,
Medicaid, and private insurance companies. 

Coverage
Outside the U.S. 

If
we seek to commercialize our products in countries outside the U.S., coverage may be available from certain governmental authorities,
private health insurance plans, and labor unions. Coverage systems in international markets vary significantly by country and, within
some countries, by region. If we seek to commercialize our technology, if approved, outside the U.S., coverage approvals must be obtained
on a country-by-country, region-by-region or, in some instances, a case-by case basis. Based on our ongoing evaluation, certain countries
reimburse more highly than others. 

Athletic
Performance Market 

Athletic
performance encompasses the treatment and prevention of injuries related to athletics and exercise. Our business plan includes positioning
our products and services as a go-to-choice in diagnostic tools for brain-related sports injuries. The EEG with cortical brain maps is
highly capable of identifying post-concussion syndrome. Concussions and traumatic brain injuries caused by contact sports are a growing
and significant issue among athletes. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention has reported that 1.6 million to 3.8 million concussions
occur each year, and UPMC Sports Medicine estimates 5 in 10 concussions go unreported or undetected with 2 in 10 high school athletes
who play contact sports getting a concussion in a given year. 

Other
Markets 

Our
business plan includes positioning our products and services as a go-to-choice in diagnostic tools for brain-related sports injuries. 

Education
 Enhancement: Analysis of EEGs may be useful in recognizing cognitive differences. The brain scans of potential customers in this
 space can be a steppingstone for further research. The goal of selling to the education market is to have the opportunity to measure
 baseline EEGs of students. 

Clinical
 Trials: Clinical trials assess the safety and efficacy of a new drug, therapy, surgical procedure, medical device, or other intervention
 and are essential tools in conducting research. When used in clinical trials, we expect our products and services will give a fast
 and accurate analysis that may speed up the clinical trial process. Moreover, clinical imaging is the technique and process of capturing
 images of the human body for clinical purposes to reveal, diagnose or examine diseases. 

6 

Market
Dynamics 

Driver:
Growing incidence of traumatic brain injuries 

A
traumatic brain injury or TBI is non-degenerative, non-congenital damage to the brain from an external mechanical force, possibly leading
to permanent or temporary impairment. TBI is a major public health concern. According to the Journal of Neurosurgery, TBI is a leading
cause of morbidity and mortality, with approximately 69 million people suffering TBI annually worldwide. Estimated incidence is highest
in regions with good data such as North America and Europe, indicating that better testing would likely uncover a higher global TBI incidence. 

Opportunity:
Increasing and expanding therapeutic applications of brain monitoring devices 

Apart
from applications in neurological disorders, neurodegenerative diseases, and psychiatric disorders, brain monitoring devices are also
used in other therapeutic areas like insomnia, post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD, and sleep apnea. Quantitative EEG analysis is
widely used to investigate the neurophysiological characteristics of insomnia. EEG biofeedback is a training process that has been scientifically
proven to aid in the management of PTSD. 

A
number of research studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of neurofeedback for PTSD in adults. For instance, a research study published
by the NCBI, or National Center for Biotechnology Information, in 2016 demonstrated that 24 sessions of neurofeedback significantly reduced
PTSD symptoms in adult sample populations. Similar studies are also being conducted in children. Such positive research outcomes suggest
that neurofeedback is a promising approach in the treatment of PTSD. This is especially important because existing treatments can be
quite difficult to tolerate and have limited effectiveness for many individuals with PTSD. In addition, EEG is routinely used to measure
and record brain wave activity for the diagnosis and treatment of sleep apnea. These extended applications of brain monitoring devices
are expected to provide growth opportunities for players operating in this market. 

Challenge:
Shortage of trained professionals 

Trained
medical personnel are required to effectively operate devices involved in the complex process of brain monitoring. The positioning of
electrodes on the scalp and the insertion of muscular needles require accuracy and can be performed only by highly trained personnel.
In addition, the results generated by brain monitoring machines are complex and can only be interpreted by qualified technicians or skilled
professionals. Without these fundamental skills, end users will face difficulties in maximizing the utility of their brain monitoring
equipment. The presence of highly skilled medical personnel and staff is, therefore, vital for the effective use of brain monitoring
equipment. 

Currently,
there is a shortage of skilled medical personnel in both developed and developing countries. The AAMC, or Association of American Medical
Colleges, estimates that the U.S. will see a shortage of up to nearly 122,000 physicians by 2032 as demand for physicians continues to
grow faster than supply, Furthermore, according to the American Association of Colleges of Nursing, there is a projected shortage of
registered nurses in the US, and it is expected to intensify by 2030. Moreover, the shortage of trained and experienced neurodiagnostic
technologists globally has compelled hospitals to cross-train other allied health professionals to perform neurodiagnostic examinations.
This presents a key challenge for the growth of the global brain monitoring devices market. 

Market
Application 

For
neurologists and other health providers, we aim to provide a solution for monitoring patient health and safety across a variety of locations
including the hospital, specialized clinics, and home settings. In managing patients with epilepsy, providers can improve in areas concerning
patient re-admittance, patient mortality and morbidity. Providers can also proactivity prevent the onset of negative chronic health conditions
by engaging with at-risk populations at a fraction of the cost by implementing our affordable EEG solutions. 

For
health providers, our offering of an EEG monitoring solution could ease data collection efforts. By providing an accurate and consistent
stream of EEG data, our products and services are being designed to allow physicians and other health professionals to make use of newly
available bio-metric data to improve diagnosis, treatment, and management of various neurological illnesses, effectively increasing the
quality and value add of medical services. 

Our
portability and integration potential augment the existing suite of remote monitoring solutions, allowing physicians to differentiate
between nuanced neurological conditions happening more accurately within and outside the hospital setting. An example includes helping
neurologist s contrast nocturnal epilepsy patterns across other sleep disorders such as parasomnia where individuals engage in
abnormal movements during sleep. 

7 

Motion
Products 

Piezo
Motion is a provider of piezo motor technology with significant investment in research and development of affordable piezoelectric motors
to meet, and exceed, the needs of today s global markets. We are committed to the development of innovative piezoelectric technology
and motion products that enhance their functionality in a multitude of applications. We work with startups, OEMs, research institutions
and industrial companies from around the world empowering the visionaries behind their products. 

Piezo
Motion s piezoelectric motors are currently divided into two main series (the Blue Series and the Imperial Series based on design and construction methodology. 

Blue
Series 

LCS 
 RBS 
 
 LAS 
 
 RAS 

Imperial
Series 

PM-22R 
 
 LPM-50 

Piezo
Motion completed an extensive engineering program culminating in the development and initial launch of a unique line of small rotary
and linear piezo motor products hereinafter referred to as the Blue Series, control electronics and associated software. Piezo Motion s
motor product line utilizes engineering polymers making them suitable for equipment and for high volume OEM applications. While there
are several types of piezo motors on the market, the design and technology employed by Piezo Motion is new and combines what we perceive
to be key advantages, such as superior precision and power density with affordability and ease-of-manufacture. 

Piezo
Motion s Blue Series piezo motors are available in a variety of sizes and configurations and are divided into twelve core motor
platforms which include rotary motors (Models RBS, RAS) and linear motors (Models LCS, LBS and LAS). These core motor models differ in
output specification and are further divided into variants/versions which include versions having hollow-shaft and solid-shaft rotors,
versions having integrated magnetic and/or optical encoders and versions which are non-magnetic and suitable for use within medical MRI.
For each motor product line Piezo Motion has developed hardware control electronics together with motion control software including firmware
and operating software. 

The
second series of motors available is the Imperial Series which employs a unique piezoelectric drive system, in which a ring-shaped piezo
resonator with a peripheral vibration shell is directly coupled to an array of radially positioned stainless-steel pushers. This
unique rotary motor design enables a substantial increase in the coupling efficiency between the stator and the rotor, which increases
overall motor efficiency and provides superior resolution and torque. The Imperial Series includes powerful motors capable of extremely
faster response times, coupled with submicron-level angular steps and exceptional torque. The range includes both bidirectional (reversible)
and unidirectional PCB-mounted piezo motor models, like the Blue Series. 

8 

We
believe that the piezoelectric motors of the Blue Series are unique because they combine the key performance benefits of a piezo motor
with the price point of traditional precision direct current or DC motors. The Blue Series motor utilizes engineering polymers, making
them very lightweight and suitable for equipment and high-volume OEM applications. Unlike the classic DC motor (e.g., BLDC and stepper
motors), the versatile design employed by the Blue Series enables rotary and linear piezo motors consisting of very few parts, enabling
economical manufacturing volume yielding a stable and reliable final result. Piezo technology is inherently non-magnetic which enables
motor designs for specialized applications where traditional DC motors cannot be used. Piezo motors are also immune from electromagnetic
or EM and radio frequency or RF interference and generate no emissions which can aid original equipment manufacturer or OEM product compliance
and reduce or eliminate shielding costs. 

We
also believe that the Piezo-electric motors of the Imperial Series are unique because they provide the highest level of precision performance
within a robust metal enclosure. Imperial Series motors are rotary and available in both reversible and non-reversible designs. These
motors offer a much higher range of torque outputs compared to the Blue Series and provide higher precision for the most demanding positioning
applications. Like the Blue Series, the piezo technology employed is inherently non-magnetic which enables motor designs for specialized
applications where traditional DC motors cannot be used. They are also immune from EM and RF interference and generate no emissions which
can aid OEM product compliance and reduce or eliminate shielding costs. 

We
believe that our propriety piezo technology may be up to 1,000 times more precise and up to 100 times faster to respond than the DC competitors.
A typical rotary stepper motor might be configured to make up to 200 500 steps in each rotation. By comparison, our Blue Series
rotary motors provide over 600,000 steps per full rotation and our Imperial Series can achieve over 2.5 million steps per full rotation.
These performance attributes provide smoother and more precise motion. Our technology is also extremely scalable, enabling manufacture
of very compact motors with our smallest being the length and width of a thumbnail. 

Piezo
Motion s target markets include industries such as: 

Medical
 Technology MedTech Medical devices, whether surgical robots, infusion MRI pumps, wearable drug dispensers,
 syringe pumps, or a number of other applications often require efficient, lightweight, and very precise motion. Our motors can be
 made to avoid electromagnetic interference, which traditional motors cannot though it is a requirement for MRI and some other MedTech
 applications. From precise brain incisions to being able to release a nanoliter of drug from a wearable dispenser, our motors bring
 the precision needed for MedTech products today and into the future. 

Pharmaceutical
 Interlinked to the Medical Technology industry, the pharmaceutical industry relies on precise testing and measurement of
 substances in order to provide patients and experiments with the correct dosage. Our motors smooth motion and high precision
 have applications in pharmaceutical testing, manufacture, and patient use, especially given the rising use of wearable drug dispensing
 and micro dosing. 

Aerospace (including Drones) Aerospace provides many applications
for our small motion solutions. While our motors would not be ideal to power the blades flying a drone or aircraft, they are ideal for
the small, precision movements used to control the cameras on drones (e.g., gimbals), internal movement such as valves for larger aircraft,
and many other precise control and use-case related applications. 

Industrial
 Automation With industry trends towards automation and miniaturization, the need for precise movements with relation to robotic
 appendages, fluid control, and other fine movements will be a tailwind for our precision motion products. Increased industrial automation
 also implies increased use of small sensor equipment, including optical and laser sensors, for which our motor s compact size,
 efficiency, and precision are ideal. 

Autonomous
 Vehicles Similar to industrial automation, autonomous vehicles require many small sensors, cameras, and other equipment that
 often requires precision motion. Our motors, which can be as small as a human thumbnail, are well-placed for such applications. 

Laser
 and Photonics We have active customers in the laser and photonics space, where a micro-scale linear or angular movement can
 create a significant change to a beam s path. From controlling the directionality of lasers themselves to adjusting mirrors
 and lenses used alongside them, our motors can provide the precision and smooth motion that may be able to help this industry move
 forward. 

9 

Precision
Motion Market 

We
compete within the domestic and global precision micro motor and piezoelectric motor industries which combined are expected to grow at
a CAGR of 4.1 from 2021 to 2026 to an estimated 34.3B by 2026. The precision motion market is defined primarily by costly, high-precision
piezoelectric motors and lower-end DC precision motors. These are the motors that guide lasers, satellites, Mars rovers, and small cameras,
among other things. This market continues to value more compact, precise, efficient motors to address the trends of miniaturization and
portability. These motors are used across many industries, including aerospace, robotics, manufacturing, drones, telecommunications,
and the medical field. We believe that we are uniquely positioned with our patented technology to sell piezo precision at a price point
that can compete with precision DC motors. 

Medical
Technology Market 

The
primary focus for our piezoelectric motors remains on the medical technology, or MedTech, market. Use cases for precision motion products
in this space vary from lab equipment to surgical robotics to drug delivery systems, to give a few examples. The MedTech industry is
an optimal target because it increasingly requires higher precision than DC motors can offer, low electromagnetic interference, and often
an affordable price point to reduce system costs. We believe that our products unique advantages will play well into this space. 

Markets
and Customers 

Driver:
Trends toward miniaturization and portability 

Creating
increasingly small and mobile devices requires not just smaller and more energy-efficient motors within those devices but also more precise
machinery to manufacture said devices. 

According
to Machine Design, the need for miniature motors is itself being expanded by trends towards the invent of collaborative robotic applications,
robustness and extended life, safety and analytics through encoders and other feedback devices, and autonomy through multi-axis control.
Smaller drones, smaller assembly lines, more complex smartphones and cameras, and more precise robotics all push the demand for miniaturized
motors forward. 

Portability
has long been a trend for convenience, but an interconnected global world, increasingly complex robotic systems, and an increasingly
mobile workforce all speak to the need for micro-sized motors to be more energy and weight efficient than before. According to an article
from ISA (International Society of Automation), increased human-robotics interactions and systems is a primary driver behind the trend
of compact portability for robotics and motion systems. These trends are likely to support market growth for our products. 

Opportunity:
Increased need for small precision motion systems 

To
drive progress in current hardware systems and robotics, and to keep pace with software and analytical developments, we believe increased
motion precision is needed. The World Economic Forum estimates that by 2025 humans will create 463 exabytes of data each day globally.
For context, one exabyte is equal to 1 million terabytes. This predicted influx of data creation data will likely drive more precise
analytics, predictions, and recommendations but to drive change in the physical world we believe will require motion systems
capable of such high precision. 

Piezoelectric
motors are generally more precise than DC motors, so they stand to benefit from demand for greater precision. The primary historic limitation
of piezoelectric motion for precision applications has been their cost. 

Challenge:
The cost of piezoelectric motion systems 

Piezoelectric
systems can often cost 10x as much as a precision DC motor of a comparable size. For most precision use cases outside of the highest-cost,
highest-precision applications, precision DC motors are used today. We believe that piezoelectric motion can be far more affordable while
still maintaining advantages in precision, efficiency, simplicity, and weight compared to precision DC motors. 

We
believe that our patented technology makes us unique in this ability and will help us maintain pricing levels comparable to precision
DC motors while offering piezoelectric motor performance. 

10 

Market
Application 

Our
piezoelectric motion devices have many applications. Our primary markets are life sciences, MedTech, and lab instruments given those
markets focus on precision and need for miniaturization. We believe devices in these fields can benefit from our technology: such
potential applications include infusion MRI pumps, syringe pumps, wearable drug dispensers, handheld drug dispensers, surgical robotics,
microscopes and micro-positioning systems, and diagnostic testing equipment. 

In
addition to the life sciences industry, our motors have market applications in a wider set of industries, some of which have already
started to use our motors. These secondary target markets include the advanced manufacturing, defense, laser/photonics/optic, semiconductor,
and aerospace industries. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe that we are well positioned within the markets in which we operate. Our competitive strengths include: 

Strong
 Portfolio of Intellectual Property. Our diverse intellectual property portfolio includes a series of patents for use in existing
 products and future potential, manufacturing know-how, and FDA approvals, ranging from hardware to firmware applications. 

Diverse
 Commercial Application Opportunities. From smart wearable devices that monitor cognitive and behavioral health in real-time, to enhanced
 Brain Computer Interface or BCI capabilities within the connected home and car environments, our EEG technologies span a range of
 novel applications and commercial uses, including: 

Neurology 

Global
 Brain Monitoring Market 

U.S.
 Healthcare Market 

Athletic
 Performance 

Government
 Initiatives 

Education
 Enhancement 

Clinical
 Trials 

Piezo
Motion 

Medical
 Technology 

Pharmaceutical 

Aerospace
 (including Drones) 

Industrial
 Automation 

Autonomous
 Vehicles 

Laser
 and Photonics 

11 

Scalable
Integration . We believe that we offer the highest level of integration and flexibility while providing an optimal combination of
convenience and performance. This is achieved through the modular design and build of our products, allowing seamless integration of
hardware and software components into existing platforms. We are also engaged with strategic partners to augment the next generation
of health wearables and technologies, forging relationships with companies and individuals seeking to implement EEG solutions across
a multitude of segments. 

Experienced
Leadership Team . Our management team has over 150 years of combined experience in sectors spanning across artificial intelligence,
data mining, software development, commercialization, and medical technology. Our team has a strong background in our technologies and
applications and defining future potential applications. 

NeuroCap 

N euroCap 
 is a NeuroCap is FDA 510(k) cleared pre-gelled disposable EEG headset with 22 electrodes and 19 active EEG channels. The fixed
 electrode placement is in accordance with the international 10-20 system. 

NeuroCap 
 is compatible with any other encephalographs and amplifiers of EEG signals by the use of a universal connector cable. 

The
 pre-gelled fixed electrode locations remove the time-consuming task of placing electrodes and measuring and marking the patient s
 head. This enables the use of this device by healthcare workers other than specialized neurological technicians and can decrease
 discomfort experienced by the patient. 

The
 NeuroCap is cleared for up to 4 hours of continuous use, well beyond the duration of a routine EEG exam. 

NeuroEEG 

NeuroEEG 
 is an FDA 510(k) cleared wireless 16 channel EEG amplifier device. 

NeuroEEG 
 is compatible with our NeuroCap device via a cable and any computer with Bluetooth capabilities. This allows for freedom of
 movement of the patient while undergoing an EEG exam. 

The
 compact size of the NeuroEEG , roughly the size of a human palm, allows for field, ambulatory, and remote use settings more
 than the larger traditional EEG devices commonplace today. When paired with the NeuroCap , it can allow for non-specialized
 healthcare personnel to conduct EEG exams remotely from a neurologist or hospital. 

Motion
Products 

High Performance : Technology that provides up to 1000 X s Better Resolution, up to 100 X s Faster Reaction Time and up to 10X s Greater Specific Power Stall Torque/Force compared to conventional DC motors (e.g., precision BLDC motors and Stepper motors. A typical commercial rotary stepper motor provides between 200-500 steps to complete a full rotation, whereas our rotary motors can provide over 600,000 steps per full rotation, making them extremely precise. 

Energy Cost Savings : Our piezo motors operate at low voltage (e.g., 5.0 VDC to 12 VDC) and have increased energy efficiency. They consume zero power in the hold position while still maintaining full torque. They are typically used in direct-drive applications where the need for a gearhead and electrical brake is eliminated altogether. 

Unique Properties : Our piezo motors are scalable in design (rotary and linear), can be operated silently and provide a very smooth vibration-free rotation. Their non-magnetic design eliminates problems caused by electromagnetic interference. 

Non - magnetic: Our piezo motors are also available in completely non-magnetic (non-ferrous) configurations making them ideal for specialized applications where traditional DC motors cannot be used (e.g., medical MRI) 

Lightweight: Our piezo motors are between 50-75 less weight than comparable DC motors (e.g., BLDC Stepper motors) 

Low
 Cost : Modern engineered thermoplastic design enables our piezo motors to be manufactured at low cost and priced extremely competitively
 compared to other brands and technologies. The simplified electronic driver design lowers ownership cost further. 

12 

Intellectual
Property 

Protection
of our intellectual property is a strategic priority for our business. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade
secrets as well as nondisclosure and assignment of invention agreements, confidentiality agreements and other measures to protect our
intellectual property and other proprietary rights. 

Patents
and trademarks are significant to our business to the extent that a product or an attribute of a product represents a unique design or
process. Patent protection restricts competitors from duplicating unique designs and features. To protect our proprietary secrets and
competitive technologies, we have obtained and are seeking to further obtain patents, trade secrets, trademarks, and other intellectual
property protection on our products whenever appropriate. 

As of the date of this filing,
we have obtained a total of sixteen (16) U.S. nonprovisional patents and thirteen (13) foreign patents including European, Japanese, and
Chinese patents related to our NeuroCap and piezoelectric technologies. These patents are to protect our existing products for
both neurology and piezoelectric motors. For our piezoelectric motors, we currently exploit four of our relevant US patents. The remainder
may be used for future development. 

We
have one European patent application pending titled Liner Piezoelectric Actuator on Rail System (Application No. 18761639).
We have also applied for one provisional U.S. patent application titled Integrated Brain Machine Interface Platform with Graphene
Based Electrodes (Application No.: 63/070,749) in the name of Memory MD, Inc. 

We
also own four registered trademarks (Neuro EEG, NeuroCap, NeuroHub, Brain Scientific). 

In
May 2018, we entered into a Patent Assignment and License Back Agreement with Boris Goldstein, our then Chairman, Secretary and Executive
Vice President, Dmitriy Prilutskiy, Stanislav Zabodaev and Medical Computer Systems Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement, among other things,
Messrs. Goldstein, Prilutskiy and Zabodaev assigned all of their rights to a patent entitled Apparatus And Method For Conducting
Electroencephalography (Application No.: 15/898,611), to us, and in return, we granted to Medical Computer Systems Ltd., an unaffiliated
entity which also provides manufacturing services to us, a limited, royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide, nonexclusive license (without
the right to sublicense or assign), to the patent, to practice, make and use the inventions, ideas and information embodied therein,
and to make, use, offer to sell, sell, lease or import products, services, processes, methods and materials embodying or deriving from
the inventions, ideas and information from the patent and any activities derived directly therefrom; provided, however, that if and upon
FDA approval of a product, Medical Computer Systems aforementioned rights shall be limited to manufacturing and selling NeuroCap 
products solely to us or on our behalf provided that we purchase from Medical Computer Systems (and Medical Computer Systems makes available
for sale) a minimum of 20,000 units of NeuroCap products per calendar year on reasonable terms and conditions to be determined
by the parties in good faith; and provided further, however, that Medical Computer Systems can without any limitation sell NeuroCap 
products embodying or deriving from the inventions, ideas and information from the patent in (i) the territories that made up the former
USSR (excluding the Baltic countries) and (ii) Japan. In furtherance of the foregoing first proviso, in the event we fail to purchase
the annual minimum order for a particular calendar year, Medical Computer Systems limitation to manufacture and sell NeuroCap 
products only to us pursuant to this proviso will be suspended for the next calendar year. 

In September of 2015 we entered
into a License Agreement with Parker Hannifin Corporation in which we granted a worldwide license under our patents for certain pneumatic,
gas and fluid control devices for sale into the pneumatic industrial factory automation market, medical equipment gas/liquid control market
and instrumentation gas/liquid control market. Under the License Agreement we received an initial fee of two million dollars 2,000,000.00)
which was paid in two annual installments in 2015 and 2016. To-date we have not received any additional royalties from Parker Hannifin
under the License Agreement. 

13 

Competition 

All
of our products face a mixture of competitors ranging from large manufacturers with multiple business lines to small manufacturers offering
a limited selection of products and services. 

Many
of the competitors whom we directly compete with include companies who develop or intend to develop products which have capabilities
similar to ours in both the neurology and motion products markets. Similar competitive pressures on efficiency, quality and simplicity
are shared by both of our product lines. 

The
MedTech industry is moving rapidly with wearable technology, robotic surgery, and telemedicine. In the current environment of managed
care, economically motivated customers, consolidation among health care providers, increased competition, and declining reimbursement
rates, we anticipate an increasing need to compete on the basis of price and quality. In order to continue to compete effectively, we
must continue to create or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into our current and future proprietary products,
obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, maintain high-quality manufacturing processes, and successfully market these products.
Some of these initiatives include, but are not limited to, creating integrated cloud solutions that connect specialists with generalists
for simple data transfer and analysis, streamlining clinical diagnoses with new medical devices, and opening revenue streams from secondary
healthcare markets, such as primary care medical professionals who utilize EEG analyses in their practices. 

The
major U.S. medical device companies who we deem as competitors include Baxter International Inc., Beckman Coulter Inc., Becton Dickinson
and Company, Boston Scientific Corporation, General Electric Company s GE Healthcare, Johnson Johnson, St. Jude Medical,
Inc., Stryker Corporation, and Medtronic plc. Many of the companies which we presently compete against or may compete against in the
future have or will have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than we do or will. Mergers and
acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among
a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through
collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration for clinical trials, as well as in
acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our development. 

Our
motion products and services compete against a range of competitors spanning large, established manufacturers with many product lines
to startups with only a few employees doing custom projects. Most of the competitors we directly compete with sell either piezoelectric
motors at a higher price point than us or precision DC motors at a similar price point but with lower precision and efficiency. Our indirect
competitors sell other types of small, precise motors or motion systems that may be able to fulfill some of the same use cases outside
of the target focus of our products. Meanwhile our Micro Dosing Pump competes for sale to labs and researchers against microinjectors
and micropumps since our product fulfills the use cases of both current product categories. 

The
trends of miniaturization and portability are putting pressure on manufacturers of motion systems to design smaller, more efficient,
and more precise motors. In addition, the manufacturing systems and robotics used to serve these trends also need increasingly precise
motors. These trends play well into the advantages of piezoelectric motors, which have traditionally come at a cost point prohibitive
to many use cases outside of advanced aerospace, optics, and defense industries. When piezoelectric motors are too expensive, precision
DC motors, with poorer efficiency and precision, are the general solution. Now we have invented piezoelectric motion systems that are
significantly more affordable than traditional piezoelectric systems while maintaining the unique advantages of piezoelectric technology.
There are a couple of other small manufacturers attempting more affordable piezoelectric motors as well but most focus on the high-end,
ultra-precise applications piezoelectric motors are traditionally known for. 

14 

Sales and Marketing 

We have commenced the commercial
roll-out of the neurology products in 2018 and the Blue Series in 2020. For our neurology products we are initial targeting the U.S. market.
For our motion products, we intend to market on a global basis with business representatives in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. 

Our marketing organization
operates as a shared service across both product lines. Marketing focuses on digital platforms, support of marketing partners and participation
in trade shows. We are identifying additional long-term partners to accelerate market penetration, product diversification, and ultimate
survivability across targeted verticals. Through new implementations of our products and services, we expect to retain and capture additional
market share through continuous enhancements. Our neurology products are sold initially through distribution partners or directly to hospitals
and neurology clinics. Our motion products sales strategy focuses on OEM product manufactures where size, precision and scale are key
characteristics of their product needs. We provide resources online that allow OEM s to learn and incorporate our motor into their
product designs. We offer evaluation kits direct from our website and through our partner network. 

We plan to utilize partner
relationships and co-marketing opportunities as the initial driver of our marketing efforts, thereby benefiting from increased speed-to-market,
as well as the ability to leverage a pre-existing audience/customer base and communications channels. We expect to offer to early adopters
our products and services at preferential rates in exchange for expediting development, distribution, and sales of such products and services. 

Our linear and rotary motion
products are commercially available directly from Piezo or from one of our worldwide distribution partners. We market our solution through
an integrated digital marketing program and in-person trade shows and conferences. Our partners market our products directly to their
customers in their local markets. 

Since 2019 and until the second
quarter of Fiscal 2022, we have acted as a distributor of third-party medical devices in Russia. With the uncertainty raised due to the
continued Russian invasion of Ukraine, and with such operations no longer part of the Company s business plan, the Company began
winding down the operations of MMDR. MMDR completed all distribution agreements and terminated all employees in May 2022. 

Manufacturing, Supply and Quality Assurance 

Our manufacturing is a combination
of outsourced and in-house for our two product lines. 

We currently outsource the
supply and manufacture of all components of our neurology products. For our neurology products, we plan to continue with an outsourced
manufacturing arrangement for the foreseeable future. We expect that our third-party manufacturers will be competent to manufacture our
products and have quality systems established that meet FDA requirements. We believe that the manufacturer which we currently utilize
or those manufacturers that we may utilize in the future have or will have sufficient capacity to meet our launch requirements when and
if our technology under development is approved and are or will be able to scale up their capacity relatively quickly with minimal capital
investment. We have also identified capable second source manufacturers and suppliers in the event of disruption from any of our primary
vendors. 

Our piezoelectric motors are
currently fully assembled and tested in-house. The material components used in the assembly process include plastics, piezoceramics and
metals. The main housing for our motors is produced from engineered thermoplastic. We currently use two plastics companies to produce
these injection molded parts. One of these companies is located locally in Florida, the other company is located overseas. Our assembly
area consists of a localized storeroom, a site for fabrication, subassembly manufacturing, final assembly, and test/quality verification.
We continue to look to enhance our processes by focusing on automation and lean initiatives. 

Our piezoelectric motor materials
from suppliers are routinely inspected for quality and conformance against documented specifications. We are in the process of securing
certification for ISO 9001 quality management systems. Our piezoceramics are currently sourced from two suppliers, one is located in the
US, the other is overseas. The vast majority of all other components, including electronic components used in the assembly of our motors
and associated electronics, are available off-the-shelf from various suppliers sourced within the U.S. 

15 

We believe that the suppliers
we currently utilize or that we may utilize in the future have or will have sufficient capacity to meet our launch requirements and are
or will be able to scale up their capacity relatively quickly as demand for our product grows. We believe that with increased future demand,
our per unit costs will decrease materially. Our suppliers meet the quality management systems for ISO 13485 or 9001 as required by the
product. As a medical device developer, the facilities of our sterilization and other critical suppliers are subject to periodic inspection
by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies. We plan to audit our suppliers periodically to ensure conformity with the specifications,
policies, and procedures for our devices. We have also identified capable second source suppliers in the event of disruption from any
of our primary vendors. 

Research and Developments 

Our research and development
programs are performed in the U. S., Ukraine and internationally. Our research and development is generally pursued by engineers and scientists
employed by us on a full-time basis or hired as per diem consultants or through partnerships with industry leaders in manufacturing, design,
research, and academia. We are also working with subcontractors in developing specific components of our technologies. Since the Russian
invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022, our personnel in Ukraine have been able to work from the office. They are currently working
in the office and remotely; however, may not be able to return consistently to an office location during the foreseeable future. 

The primary objective of our
research and development program is to advance the development of our existing and future products and technologies. This work includes
studies focused on topics such as: 

Solid-state
physics of piezoelectric materials; 

Materials Research; 

Electromechanical properties of piezoceramic materials; 

Resonance and frequency response profiling of piezoceramic materials; 

Piezoelectric motor and actuators concept and prototyping; 

Thermodynamic relationships; 

Impedance analyzer characterization of piezoelectric properties; 

Development of electronic hardware for piezo resonator excitation; 

Development of firmware and software algorithms for piezo motor control; and 

Intellectual property development. 

Government Regulation 

Our operations are subject
to comprehensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we or our manufacturing and research and
development partners do business. The laws and regulations governing our business and interpretations of those laws and regulations are
subject to frequent change. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon our ability, and that of our manufacturing and
research and development partners and affiliates, to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The laws and regulations
relating to medical products that apply to our business and that of our partners and affiliates continue to evolve, and we must, therefore,
devote significant resources to monitoring developments in legislation, enforcement, and regulation in such areas. As the applicable laws
and regulations change, we are likely to make conforming modifications in our business processes from time to time. We cannot provide
assurance that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in determinations that could adversely affect
our operations or that the regulatory environment will not change in a way that restricts our operations. 

16 

U.S. Healthcare Regulation 

Our NeuroEEG and NeuroCap 
are each a medical device subject to extensive and ongoing regulation by the FDA, the U.S. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services,
or CMS, the European Commission, and regulatory bodies in other countries. Regulations cover virtually every critical aspect of a medical
device company s business operations, including research activities, product development, quality and risk management, contracting,
reimbursement, medical communications, and sales and marketing. In the U.S., the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and the
implementing regulations of the FDA govern product design and development, pre-clinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval,
product manufacturing, quality systems, import and export, product labeling, product storage, recalls and field safety corrective actions,
advertising and promotion, product sales and distribution, and post-market clinical surveillance. Our business is subject to federal,
state, local, and foreign regulations, such as ISO 13485, ISO 14971, FDA s Quality System Regulation, or QSR, contained in 21 CFR
Part 820, and the European Commission s Directive 93/42/EEC concerning medical devices and its amendments. 

The FDA characterizes medical
devices into one of three classes. Devices that are considered by the FDA to pose lower risk are classified as Class I or II. Class I
devices and are subject to controls for labeling, pre-market notification and adherence to the FDA s QSR. This pertains to manufacturers 
methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage,
and shipping of products, but are usually exempt from premarket notification requirements. Class II devices are subject to the same general
controls but may be subject to special controls such as performance standards, post-market surveillance, FDA guidelines, or particularized
labeling, and may also require clinical testing prior to clearance or approval. Class III devices are those for which insufficient information
exists to assure safety and effectiveness solely through general or special controls, including devices that support or sustain human
life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness
or injury. 

Some Class I and Class II
devices are exempted by regulation from the pre-market notification requirement under Section 510(k) of the FDCA, also referred to as
a 510(k) clearance, and the requirement of compliance with substantially all of the QSR. However, a pre-market approval, or PMA application,
is required for devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or certain implantable devices,
or those that are not substantially equivalent either to a device previously cleared through the 510(k) process or to a
 preamendment Class III device in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976 when PMA applications were not required. The
PMA approval process is more comprehensive than the 510(k) clearance process and typically takes several years to complete. While the
510(k) process is typically shorter than a PMA process, both the 510(k) clearance and PMA processes can be expensive and lengthy. 

Our current devices NeuroCap 
and NeuroEEG devices are classified as Class II medical devices by the U.S.FDA. 

FDA review of a PMA application
generally takes between one and three years but may take significantly longer. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of a PMA application
for many reasons, including: 

the device may not be safe, effective, reliable or accurate to the FDA s satisfaction; 

the data from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient to support approval; 

the manufacturing process or facilities may not meet applicable requirements; and 

changes in FDA approval policies or adoption of new regulations may require additional data. 

If an FDA evaluation of a
PMA application is favorable, the FDA will either issue an approval letter, or approvable letter, which usually contains a number of conditions
that must be met in order to secure final approval of the PMA. When and if those conditions have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of
the FDA, the agency will issue a PMA approval letter authorizing commercial marketing of a device, subject to the conditions of approval
and the limitations established in the approval letter. If the FDA s evaluation of a PMA application or manufacturing facilities
is not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. The FDA also may determine that additional tests
or clinical trials are necessary, in which case the PMA approval may be delayed for several months or years while the trials are conducted,
and data is submitted in an amendment to the PMA. The PMA process can be expensive, uncertain and lengthy and a number of devices for
which FDA approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved by the FDA for marketing. 

17 

New PMA applications or PMA
supplements may be required for modifications to the manufacturing process, labeling, device specifications, materials or design of a
device that has been approved through the PMA process. PMA supplements often require submission of the same type of information as an
initial PMA application, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support any changes from the device covered by
the approved PMA application and may or may not require as extensive technical or clinical data or the convening of an advisory panel. 

Clinical trials are typically
required to support a PMA application and are sometimes required for a 510(k) clearance. These trials generally require submission of
an application for an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE), to the FDA. An IDE allows the investigational device to be used in a clinical
study in order to collect safety and effectiveness data. The IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and
laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound.
The IDE application must be approved in advance by the FDA for a specified number of patients, unless the product is deemed a non-significant
risk device and eligible for abbreviated IDE requirements. Generally, clinical trials for a significant risk device may begin once the
IDE application is approved by the FDA and the study protocol and informed consent are approved by appropriate institutional review boards
at the clinical trial sites. The FDA s approval of an IDE allows clinical testing to go forward, but it does not bind the FDA to
accept the results of the trial as sufficient to prove the product s safety and efficacy, even if the trial meets its intended success
criteria. All clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s IDE regulations that govern investigational device
labeling, prohibit promotion, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study
investigators. Clinical trials must further comply with the FDA s regulations for institutional review board approval and for informed
consent and other human subject protections. Required records and reports are subject to inspection by the FDA. The results of clinical
testing may be unfavorable or, even if the intended safety and efficacy success criteria are achieved, may not be considered sufficient
for the FDA to grant approval or clearance of a product. Clinical trials must be entered into the clinical trials registry at clintrials.gov. 

The commencement or completion
of any clinical trial may be delayed or halted, or be inadequate to support approval of a PMA application, for numerous reasons, including,
but not limited to, the following: 

the FDA or other regulatory authorities do not approve a clinical trial protocol or a clinical trial, or place a clinical trial on hold; 

patients do not enroll in clinical trials at the rate expected; 

patients, sponsors, or study sites do not comply with trial protocols; 

patient follow-up is not at the rate expected; 

patients experience adverse side effects; 

patients die during a clinical trial, even though their death may not be related to the products that are part of our trial; 

institutional review boards and third-party clinical investigators may delay or reject the trial protocol; 

third-party clinical investigators decline to participate in a trial or do not perform a trial on the anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, good clinical practices, or other FDA requirements; 

the sponsor or third-party organizations do not perform data collection, monitoring and analysis in a timely or accurate manner or consistent with the clinical trial protocol or investigational or statistical plans; 

third-party clinical investigators have significant financial interests related to the sponsor or the study that the FDA deems to make the study results unreliable, or the company or investigators fail to disclose such interests; 

regulatory inspections of our clinical trials or manufacturing facilities, which may, among other things, require us to undertake corrective action or suspend or terminate our clinical trials; 

changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions; 

the interim or final results of the clinical trial are inconclusive or unfavorable as to safety or efficacy; and 

the FDA concludes that our trial design is inadequate to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 

18 

Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 and Similar Foreign and State Laws and Regulations Affecting the Transmission, Security and Privacy of
Health Information 

We may also be subject to
data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health
Act, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission
of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable
to business associates, defined as service providers of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information
in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties
and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal
HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern
the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from HIPAA and each other in significant
ways and may not have the same effect. 

Foreign data privacy regulations,
such as the EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC), the country-specific regulations that implement Directive 95/46/EC, and
the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) also govern the processing of personally identifiable data and may be stricter than U.S.
laws. 

Post-Marketing Restrictions and Enforcement 

After a device is placed on
the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include, but are not limited to: 

submitting and updating establishment registration and device listings with the FDA; 

compliance with the QSR, which requires manufacturers to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation, record maintenance, including maintenance of complaint and related investigation files, and other quality assurance controls during the manufacturing process; 

unannounced routine or for-cause device facility inspections by the FDA, which may include our suppliers and manufacturer s facilities; 

labeling regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved (or off-label uses and impose other restrictions relating to promotional activities; 

corrections and removal reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by a device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; and 

post-market surveillance regulations, which apply to certain Class II or III devices when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

In addition, under the FDA
medical device reporting, or MDR, regulations, medical device manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device
has or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute
to death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or a similar device of such manufacturer were to recur. The decision to file
an MDR involves a judgment by the manufacturer. If the FDA disagrees with the manufacturer s determination, the FDA can take enforcement
action. 

The MDR requirements also
extend to health care facilities that use medical devices in providing care to patients, or device user facilities, which
include hospitals, ambulatory surgical facilities, nursing homes, outpatient diagnostic facilities, or outpatient treatment facilities,
but not physician offices. A device user facility must report any device-related death to both the FDA and the device manufacturer, or
any device-related serious injury to the manufacturer (or, if the manufacturer is unknown, to the FDA) within 10 days of the event. Device
user facilities are not required to report device malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the
malfunction were to recur but may voluntarily report such malfunctions through MedWatch, the FDA s Safety Information and Adverse
Event Reporting Program. 

19 

The FDA also has the authority
to require the recall of commercialized medical device products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture.
The authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious
adverse health consequences or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any distributed devices fail
to meet established specifications, are otherwise misbranded or adulterated under the FDCA, or if any other material deficiency is found.
The FDA requires that certain classifications of recalls be reported to the FDA within ten working days after the recall is initiated. 

The failure to comply with
applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

warning letters, fines, injunctions or civil penalties; 

recalls, detentions or seizures of products; 

operating restrictions; 

delays in the introduction of products into the market; 

total or partial suspension of production; 

delay or refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant 510(k) clearance, PMA approvals, or other marketing authorization to new products; 

withdrawals of marketing authorizations; or 

in the most serious cases, criminal prosecution. 

To ensure compliance with
regulatory requirements, medical device manufacturers are subject to market surveillance and periodic, pre-scheduled and unannounced inspections
by the FDA, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of subcontractors. 

Federal Trade Commission
Regulatory Oversight 

Our advertising for our products
and services is subject to federal truth-in-advertising laws enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, as well as comparable
state consumer protection laws. Under the Federal Trade Commission Act, or FTC Act, the FTC is empowered, among other things, to (a) prevent
unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce; (b) seek monetary redress and other
relief for conduct injurious to consumers; and (c) gather and compile information and conduct investigations relating to the organization,
business, practices, and management of entities engaged in commerce. The FTC has very broad enforcement authority, and failure to abide
by the substantive requirements of the FTC Act and other consumer protection laws can result in administrative or judicial penalties,
including civil penalties, injunctions affecting the manner in which we would be able to market services or products in the future, or
criminal prosecution. 

International Healthcare Regulation 

International sales of medical
devices are subject to local government regulations, which may vary substantially from country to country. The time required to obtain
approval in another country may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval, and the requirements may differ. There is a
trend towards harmonization of quality system standards among the European Union, U.S., Canada and various other industrialized countries. 

20 

The
primary regulatory body in Europe is that of the European Union, the European Commission, which includes most of the major countries
in Europe. Other countries, such as Switzerland, have voluntarily adopted laws and regulations that mirror those of the European
Union with respect to medical devices. The European Union has adopted numerous directives and standards regulating the design,
manufacture, clinical trials, labeling and adverse event reporting for medical devices. Devices that comply with the requirements of
these relevant directives will be entitled to bear the Conformit Europ enne (CE) conformity marking (as the logo ),
indicating that the device conforms to the essential requirements of the applicable directives and, accordingly, can be commercially
distributed anywhere in the European Union and European Economic Area (EEA). 

The method of assessing conformity
varies depending on the class of the product, but normally involves a combination of self-assessment by the manufacturer and a third-party
assessment by a Notified Body. This third-party assessment may consist of an audit of the manufacturer s quality system
and specific testing of the manufacturer s product. An assessment by a Notified Body of one country within the European Union is
required in order for a manufacturer to commercially distribute the product throughout the European Union. Additional local requirements
may apply on a country-by-country basis. Outside of the European Union, regulatory approval would need to be sought on a country-by-country
basis in order for us to market our Products. 

Medical devices in Europe are classified into
four primary categories. They are as follows: 

Non-invasive devices; 

Invasive medical devices; 

Active medical devices; and 

Special Rules (including contraceptive, disinfectant, and radiological diagnostic medical devices) 

Devices are further segmented
into the classes noted below. In Vitro Diagnostic devices (IVDs) have their own classification scheme and while active implantable devices
do not follow the same classification system as provided by the Medical Device Directive (MDD), they are subject to similar requirements
as Class III devices: 

Class I Provided non-sterile or do not have a measuring function (low risk) 

Class I Provided sterile and/or have a measuring function (low/medium risk) 

Class IIa (medium risk) 

Class IIb (medium/high risk) 

Class III (high risk) 

We have a wholly-owned subsidiary
in Europe (Poland) for current product distribution. 

Other Regulatory Requirements 

Even after a device receives
clearance or approval and is placed in commercial distribution, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include: 

establishment registration and device listing; 

QSR, which requires manufacturers, including third party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, risk management, production, control, supplier/contractor selection, complaint handling, documentation, and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the manufacturing process; 

labeling regulations that prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off-label uses, and impose other restrictions on labeling, advertising, and promotion; 

21 

Medical Device Reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur; 

voluntary and mandatory device recalls to address problems when a device is defective and could be a risk to health; and 

corrections and removals reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health. 

Also, the FDA may require
us to conduct post-market surveillance studies or establish and maintain a system for tracking our Products through the chain of distribution
to the patient level. The FDA enforces regulatory requirements by conducting periodic, unannounced inspections and market surveillance.
Inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. 

Failure to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements can result in enforcement actions by the FDA and other regulatory agencies. These may include any of the following
sanctions or consequences: 

warning letters or untitled letters that require corrective action; 

fines and civil penalties; 

unanticipated expenditures; 

delays in approving or refusal to approve future products; 

FDA refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries; 

suspension or withdrawal of FDA clearance or approval; 

product recall or seizure; 

interruption of production; 

operating restrictions; 

injunctions; and 

criminal prosecution. 

Our contract manufacturers,
specification developers and some suppliers of components or device accessories, also are required to manufacture our Neurology Products
in compliance with current good manufacturing practice requirements set forth in the QSR. The QSR requires a quality system for the design,
manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation and servicing of marketed devices, and it includes extensive requirements with
respect to quality management and organization, device design, buildings, equipment, purchase and handling of components or services,
production and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, device evaluation, distribution, installation, complaint handling, servicing,
and record keeping. The FDA evaluates compliance with the QSR through periodic unannounced inspections that may include the manufacturing
facilities of our subcontractors. If the FDA believes that any of our contract manufacturers or regulated suppliers are not in compliance
with these requirements, it can shut down such manufacturing operations, require recall of our products, refuse to approve new marketing
applications, institute legal proceedings to detain or seize products, enjoin future violations or assess civil and criminal penalties
against us or our officers or other employees. 

22 

Fraud and Abuse Laws 

In addition to FDA restrictions,
there are numerous U.S. federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and physician self-referral
laws. Our relationships with healthcare providers and other third parties are subject to scrutiny under these laws. Violations of these
laws are punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including, in some instances, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal
and state healthcare programs, including the Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs. 

Federal Anti-Kickback and Self-Referral Laws 

The federal Anti-Kickback
Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration (including any kickback,
bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending,
or arranging of a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid or other
federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including
such items as gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment, credit arrangements, waiver of payments and providing anything
at less than its fair market value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common
activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged
to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception
or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does
not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case
basis based on a review of all its relevant facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement
to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of (or purchases, or recommendations related
to) federal healthcare covered business, the Anti-Kickback Statute has been implicated and potentially violated. 

The penalties for violating
the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include imprisonment for up to five years, fines of up to 25,000 per violation and possible exclusion
from federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Many states have adopted prohibitions similar to the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, some of which do not have the same exceptions and apply to the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed by any
source, not only by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Further, the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, or PPACA. Specifically, as noted above, under the Anti-Kickback Statute, the government must prove the defendant acted knowingly 
to prove a violation occurred. The PPACA added a provision to clarify that with respect to violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, a
person need not have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to commit a violation of the statute. This change effectively
overturns case law interpretations that set a higher standard under which prosecutors had to prove the specific intent to violate the
law. In addition, the PPACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 

We plan to provide the initial
training to providers and patients necessary for appropriate use of our technology either through our own educators or by contracting
with outside educators that have completed an appropriate training course. Outside educators are reimbursed for their services at fair
market value. 

Noncompliance with the federal
anti-kickback legislation could result in our exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs, restrictions on our ability
to operate in certain jurisdictions, and civil and criminal penalties. 

Federal law also includes
a provision commonly known as the Stark Law, which prohibits a physician from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to
an entity providing designated health services, including a company that furnishes durable medical equipment, in which the
physician has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician has entered into a compensation arrangement. Violation of
the Stark Law could result in denial of payment, disgorgement of reimbursements received under a noncompliant arrangement, civil penalties,
and exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. We believe that we have structured our provider arrangements to
comply with current Stark Law requirements. 

23 

Nevertheless, a determination
of liability under such laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 

Additionally, as some of these
laws are still evolving, we lack definitive guidance as to the application of certain key aspects of these laws as they relate to our
arrangements with providers with respect to patient training. We cannot predict the final form that these regulations will take or the
effect that the final regulations will have on us. As a result, our provider and training arrangements may ultimately be found to be not
in compliance with applicable federal law. 

Federal False Claims Act 

The Federal False Claims Act
provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person whom it believes has knowingly presented, or caused
to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false
record to get a claim approved. In addition, amendments in 1986 to the Federal False Claims Act have made it easier for private parties
to bring qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against companies under the Federal False Claims Act. Penalties include fines ranging
from 5,500 to 11,000 for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained because of the
act of that person. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of healthcare companies to have
to defend a false claim action, pay fines or be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare programs as a result
of an investigation arising out of such action. 

There are other federal anti-fraud
laws that that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare
benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program,
willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering
up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
healthcare benefits, items or services. 

Additionally, HIPAA established
two federal crimes in the healthcare fraud and false statements relating to healthcare matters. The healthcare fraud statute prohibits
knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors. A violation of this statute
is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs. The false statements statute prohibits
knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent
statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A violation of this statute is a felony
and may result in fines or imprisonment. 

Civil Monetary Penalties Law 

In addition to the Anti-Kickback
Statute and the civil and criminal False Claims Acts, the federal government has the authority to seek civil monetary penalties, or CMPs,
assessments, and exclusion against an individual or entity based on a wide variety of prohibited conduct. For example, the Civil Monetary
Penalties Law authorizes the imposition of substantial CMPs against an entity that engages in activities including, but not limited to:
(1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, a claim for services not provided as claimed or which is otherwise false or fraudulent
in any way; (2) knowingly giving or causing to be given false or misleading information reasonably expected to influence the decision
to discharge a patient; (3) offering or giving remuneration to any beneficiary of a federal health care program likely to influence the
receipt of reimbursable items or services; (4) arranging for reimbursable services with an entity which is excluded from participation
from a federal health care program; (5) knowingly or willfully soliciting or receiving remuneration for a referral of a federal health
care program beneficiary; or (6) using a payment intended for a federal health care program beneficiary for another use. Noncompliance
can result in civil money penalties of up to 10,000 for each wrongful act, assessment of three times the amount claimed for each item
or service and exclusion from the federal healthcare programs. 

24 

State Fraud and Abuse Provisions 

Many states have also adopted
some form of anti-kickback and anti-referral laws and a false claims act. We believe that we are in conformance to such laws. Nevertheless,
a determination of liability under such laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 

Physician Payment Sunshine Act 

Transparency laws regarding
payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers and teaching hospitals may also impact our business practices. The federal
Physician Payment Sunshine Act requires most medical device manufacturers to report annually to the Secretary of Human Health Services
financial arrangements, payments, or other transfers of value made by that entity to physicians and teaching hospitals. The payment information
is made publicly available in a searchable format on a CMS website. Over the next several years, we will need to dedicate significant
resources to establish and maintain systems and processes in order to comply with these regulations. Failure to comply with the reporting
requirements can result in significant civil monetary penalties. Similar laws have been enacted or are under consideration in foreign
jurisdictions. 

U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, or FCPA, prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making corrupt payments,
gifts or transfers to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to
obtain or retain business abroad. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to comply with accounting
provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation,
including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international
operations. Activities that violate the FCPA, even if they occur wholly outside the U.S., can result in criminal and civil fines, imprisonment,
disgorgement, oversight, and debarment from government contracts. 

Recent Developments 

March 2023 PPO 

On March 15, 2023 (the Effective
Date ), the Company consummated the initial closing of a private placement offering (the March 2023 PPO whereby the
Company sold to three accredited investor (the Holders ), for an aggregate purchase price of 200,000, (i) 50 Original Issue
Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of 400,000; and (ii) 119,976 warrants to purchase shares of common
stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). 

The debentures
are due, subject to the terms therein, June 10, 2023 unless extended pursuant to the terms thereunder. 

The warrants shall be
exercisable at any time on or after the earlier of (i) June 10, 2023; or (ii) the closing of a registered offering of the Company s
securities for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of at least 5,000,000, resulting in the listing for trading of the Common Stock
on the NYSE American or The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Qualified Offering ), and on or prior to on or prior to 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on September 14, 2029 (if no Qualified Offering has been consummated occurred on or prior to the maturity date of
the debentures) or the date that is five years and six months following the closing of the Qualified Offering. 

25 

The debentures contain
mandatory and voluntary conversion features as follows: 

(a) Mandatory Conversion. 

In the event a Qualified
Offering is consummated prior to June 10, 2023, the debentures automatically convert into shares of Common Stock, immediately upon the
occurrence of a Qualified Offering. The exercise price per share of Common Stock pursuant to the warrant shall mean, in the case of a
mandatory conversion, the price of the Common Stock (or unit, if units are offered in the Qualified Offering) in the Qualified Offering. 

(b) Voluntary Conversion. 

The Holders of the debentures
have the right (subject to the conversion limitations set forth therein) from time following the maturity date and prior to a mandatory
conversion to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal and interest then due under the debentures into fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock. The exercise price per share of Common Stock pursuant to the warrant shall mean, in the case
of a voluntary conversion, the lower of (i) 0.25 per share or (ii) 75 of the average of the VWAP of the Company s Common Stock
during the ten (10) Trading Day period immediately prior to the maturity date. 

In connection with the
March 2023 PPO, on the Effective Date, the Company and the Holders entered into a letter agreement (the March 2023 Letter Agreement whereby the company agreed, in order to induce the Holders to participate in the March 2023 PPO, to (i) modify that certain security agreement,
dated June 10, 2022 (the Security Agreement entered into by and among the Company, the Company s subsidiaries and
the investors in the Company s June 2022 private placement offering (the June 2022 PPO Offering to provide that the
indebtedness reflected by the debentures and the Company s obligations with respect thereto are included under the Security Agreement
and covered by the security interest granted thereby; and (ii) provide the opportunity for all other participants in the June 2022 PPO
Offering to participate in the March 2023 PPO. 

Pursuant to the Security
Agreement, the Company agreed to grant each of the Holders a security interest in all of the assets of the Company, to secure the prompt
payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Company s obligations under the debentures. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company
consummated the second closing of the March 2023 PPO whereby the Company sold to the Holders, for an aggregate purchase price of 100,000,
(i) 50 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of 200,000; and (ii) 59,988 warrants to
purchase shares of Common Stock. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On May 19, 2022, the Board
approved the granting of discretionary authority to the Board, at any time or times for a period of up to twelve months from the Record
Date, to adopt an amendment (the Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles
of Incorporation ), to effect a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split with a ratio within the range of 1-for-10
to 1-for-100 (the Reverse Stock Split Ratio ). 

On June 16, 2022, the Company
received a written consent in lieu of a meeting by the holders of 62.73 of the voting power of our Common Stock (the Majority
Stockholders authorizing the Reverse Stock Split and the filing of the Amendment. 

On January 31, 2023, the Company
filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effectuate
a 1-for-85 reverse stock split of the outstanding Common Stock and treasury stock of the Company. The Reverse Stock Split became effective
at the commencement of trading of our Common Stock on February 3, 2023. 

Increase in Authorized Shares 

On May 21, 2022, the Board
authorized the increase of the Company s shares of authorized Common Stock from 200,000,000 to 750,000,000 pursuant to the Amendment
(the Increase in Authorized Shares ). 

On June 16, 2022, the Company
received a written consent in lieu of a meeting by the Majority Stockholders authorizing the Increase in Authorized Shares. The Increase
in Authorized Shares shall become effective upon the filing of a certificate of amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of
Nevada. We filed the certificate of amendment on August 12, 2022. 

26 

Adoption of the 2022 Equity and Incentive
Plan 

On May 21, 2022, the Board
approved, authorized, and adopted the Brain Scientific 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan and certain forms
of ancillary agreements to be used in connection with the issuance of stock and/or options pursuant to the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan provides
for the issuance of up to 12,500,000 shares of Common Stock through the grant of non-qualified options (the Non-qualified Options ),
incentive options (the Incentive Options and together with the Non-qualified Options, the Options and restricted
stock (the Restricted Stock restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights SARs and other equity-based
awards to directors, officers, consultants, attorneys, advisors and employees. 

On June 16, 2022, the Company
received a written consent in lieu of a meeting by the Majority Stockholders approving the adoption of the 2022 Plan. 

PPO Debenture/Warrant Offering 

On June 13, 2022, the Company
entered into that certain securities purchase agreement (the PPO SPA with thirteen accredited investors (the PPO
Holders pursuant to which the Company and the PPO Holders consummated a private placement offering (the June 2022 PPO Offering whereby the PPO Holders purchased from the Company, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,110,000 (the Purchase Price (i)
10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the aggregate principal amount of 5,659,500 (the PPO Debentures 
and (ii) warrants (the PPO Warrants to purchase 222,311 shares of Common Stock. 

The
PPO Debentures are due, subject to the terms therein, 12 months from their date of issuance unless extended pursuant to the terms
thereunder (the Maturity Date ). The PPO Debentures contain mandatory and voluntary conversion features as follows: 

In
the event a Qualified Offering (as defined below) is consummated prior to the Maturity Date of the PPO Debentures, the PPO Debentures
automatically convert into shares of Common Stock, immediately upon the occurrence of such offering (the Mandatory Conversion ).
The conversion price per share of Common Stock pursuant to the PPO Debentures means, in the case of a Mandatory Conversion, the lesser
of (i) 21.25 per share and (ii) 70 of the offering price of the securities in a Qualified Offering. In addition, the PPO Holders shall
have the opportunity to force redemption of up to 45 of principal amount, together with accrued interest (but excluding OID) in connection
with a Qualified Offering (the PPO Redemption ). For these purposes, a registered offering of our securities for aggregate
gross proceeds to us of at least 5,000,000, resulting in the listing for trading of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or The Nasdaq
Capital Market shall be deemed a Qualified Offering . See Letter Agreements with the PPO Holders above for
agreements reached with the holders of PPO Debentures with respect to the PPO Redemption provisions. 

The holders of the PPO Debentures
have the right from time to following the Maturity Date and prior to a Mandatory Conversion to convert all or any part of the outstanding
and unpaid principal and interest then due under the PPO Debentures into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (the Voluntary
Conversion ). The conversion price per share of Common Stock pursuant to the PPO Debentures means, in the case of a Voluntary Conversion,
the lower of (i) 21.25 per share or (ii) 75 of the average of the volume weighted average price VWAP of the Common Stock
during the ten-trading day period immediately prior to the applicable conversion date. 

The
PPO Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years and six months commencing upon the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the
closing of a Qualified Offering. The exercise price of the PPO Warrants is (i) the Qualified Offering price per share, or (ii) if no Qualified
Offering has occurred prior to the Maturity Date then the lower of (i) 21.25 per share or (ii) 75 of the average of the VWAP of the
Company s Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period immediately prior to the Maturity Date (on an as adjusted basis giving
effect to any splits, dividend and the like during such ten (10) Trading Day period). See Letter Agreements with the PPO Holders 
above for agreements reached with the holders of PPO Warrants with respect to changes to the exercise price of the PPO Warrants. 

27 

The
PPO Warrants contain a cashless exercise provision if at any time after 180 days following the closing of the Qualified Offering there
is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder.
The Company has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the filing of a registration statement with the SEC covering
the resale of the shares issuable upon conversion of the PPO Debentures and exercise of the PPO Warrants at the same time as the Qualified
Offering and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective at the time of the
Qualified Offering. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to this section to remain effective for a period
of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the registration becomes effective. 

In
connection with the June 2022 PPO Offering, our subsidiaries Piezo Motion Corp., and Memory MD, Inc., executed guarantees in favor of
the PPO Holders, under which they have jointly and severally, unconditionally, and irrevocably, guaranteed to the PPO Holders the prompt
and complete payment and performance when due of our obligations pursuant to the securities purchase agreements executed in connection
with the June 2022 PPO Offering. 

In
connection with the June 2022 PPO Offering, we also entered into that certain Security Agreement by and among us, each of the PPO Holders,
Piezo Motion Corp., and Memory MD, Inc., whereby we granted each of the PPO Holders a security interest in all of our assets to secure
the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the our obligations under the PPO Debentures and the obligations of Piezo
Motion Corp., and Memory MD, Inc., under the Guarantee. 

Additionally,
in connection with the June 2022 PPO Offering, holders of certain of our convertible notes (the Prior Convertible Notes converted the Prior Convertible Notes (including principal and interest) into an aggregate of 641,606 shares of Common Stock based on
a conversion price of 21.25 per share. To incentivize such noteholders to convert, we increased the principal amount of the Prior Convertible
Notes by 1,175,741 resulting in the approximate aggregate principal amount of 12,933,155 being converted into equity, plus interest
of 700,988. In connection with their original investment, these holders were entitled to warrants (the Original Warrants based on 50 coverage of their original investment amount. On November 15, 2022, the Company issued a total 276,648 of Original Warrants
to such holders. The Original Warrants are for a term of four years with an exercise price of 21.25 per share. The holders of the Prior
Convertible Notes and Original Warrants also agreed to waive and forgo the rights to the registration of the securities underlying the
Prior Convertible Notes and Original Warrants. See also Letter Agreements with Holders of Prior Convertible Notes above. 

Russian Invasion of Ukraine 

On February 24, 2022, Russia
invaded Ukraine. Our Piezo research and development group in Kyiv has not been able to consistently work from the offices since that time.
The team from Kyiv work from the office and remotely. We do not know when they will have consistent access to the office. Further, we
have engineering resources capable of performing the work done in Kyiv from the United States. 

In 2019 and until the second
quarter of Fiscal 2022, MMDR acted as a distributor of third-party medical devices in Russia, which resulted in substantially all of our
revenue for 2020 and 2021. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 negatively impacted the operation of MMDR. With the uncertainty
raised due to the continued Russian invasion of Ukraine, and with such operations no longer part of the Company s business plan,
the Company began winding down the operations of MMDR. Accordingly, during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, MMDR satisfied its last
distribution obligations and laid off all of its employees. Since then, no work has been conducted by MMDR, and the Company has no ongoing
operations or employees in Russia. MMDR has no assets or liabilities and is currently a legal entity, waiting to be dissolved by Russian
authorities, which we expect will occur during 2023. The Company does not currently sell, import, or export any of its products in, to
or from Russia, nor does it plan to engage in such activities in the future. The Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) issues advisories
to the public on important issues related to the sanctions programs it administers, including with regards to the Ukraine/Russia related
sanctions program. The Company has been monitoring the situation, and none of the customers, vendors and distributors the Company previously
worked with in Russia, is currently being sanctioned by the U.S. government, nor were any of its former employees. The Company continues
to maintain full compliance with all U.S. Federal laws with regards to the situation and it does not expect things to change in that regard. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023, we had
eleven (11) employees, none of whom are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our
relationship with our employees to be satisfactory. 

28 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common
stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider the following risks, as well
as general economic and business risks, and all of the other information contained in this Report. Any of the following risks could harm
our business, operating results and financial condition and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause
you to lose all or part of your investment. When determining whether to invest, you should also refer to the other information contained
in this Report including our financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

Risks Relating to our Business 

We are a developmental stage medical device
company and have a history of significant operating losses; we expect to continue to incur operating losses, and we may never achieve
or maintain profitability. 

We are a development stage
company and have incurred losses from inception and had an accumulated deficit of 34,622,781 as of December 31, 2022, and a working capital
deficit of 6,111,023 as of December 31, 2022. We had an accumulated deficit of 22,278,923 as of December 31, 2021, and a working capital
deficit of 3,211,735 as of December 31, 2021. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increase operating and net losses
for the foreseeable future. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through debt and equity financings. To date, our primary
activities have been limited to, and our limited resources have been dedicated to, performing business and financial planning, raising
capital, recruiting personnel, negotiating with business partners and the licensors of our intellectual property and conducting development
activities, including the commercialization of our products. 

We have never been profitable
and do not expect to be profitable in the foreseeable future. Any profitability in the future will be dependent upon the successful development
of our business model, of which we can give no assurance of success. We expect our expenses to increase as we pursue our objectives. The
extent of our future operating losses and the timing of profitability are highly uncertain, and we expect to continue incurring significant
expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Our prior losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on
our stockholders equity and working capital. Any additional operating losses may have an adverse effect on our stockholders 
equity, and we cannot assure you that we will ever be able to achieve profitability. Even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able
to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value
of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our development efforts, obtain regulatory
approvals or continue our operations. Accordingly, we are a highly speculative venture involving significant financial risk. 

We have generated limited revenues to date
and substantially all of our revenues have been generated from our Russian subsidiary, which we are winding down. 

We have generated only limited
revenues from our two product lines. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Brain Scientific Inc. and Piezo Motion Corp had a
combined 214,564 and 265,747 in revenues, respectively. MMDR, previously operating as a distributor of third-party medical devices,
accounted for 83.16 and 83.25 of all such revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Piezo Motion Corp had
 23,504 and 38,310 in revenues (10.96 and 14.42 and Memory MD US had 12,628 and 6,194 (5.89 and 2.33 of the revenues generated
in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. The NeuroCap and NeuroEEG are both ready for commercial availability within our Neurology
Products. The Blue Series, Imperial Series and engineered customized motors are also ready for commercial availability within our Motion
Products. In 2022, manufacture of the NeuroCap has started at our outsourced manufacturing partner. Our Lakewood Ranch office can
handle the manufacture of the Motion Products for the foreseeable future. Distribution partners are in place for both products. 

29 

If we do not gain the market
acceptance for either the Neurology or Motion Products, we will not be capable of generating the revenues required for sustaining our
business. 

In 2019, we commenced acting
as a distributor of third-party medical devices in Russia, which resulted in substantially all of our revenue for 2020 and 2021.
The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 negatively impacted the operation of MMDR. With the uncertainty raised due to the continued
Russian invasion of Ukraine, and with such operations no longer part of the Company s business plan, the Company began winding down
the operations of MMDR. Accordingly, during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, MMDR satisfied its last distribution obligations and laid
off all of its employees. Since then, no work has been conducted by MMDR, and the Company has no ongoing operations or employees in Russia.
MMDR has no assets or liabilities and is currently a legal entity, waiting to be dissolved by Russian authorities, which we expect will
occur during 2023. The Company does not currently sell, import, or export any of its products in, to or from Russia, nor does it plan
to engage in such activities in the future. 

Investors are subject to all
the risks incident to the creation and development of a new business and each investor should be prepared to withstand a complete loss
of his, her or its investment. Furthermore, the accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as
a going concern. We have not emerged from the development stage and may be unable to raise further equity. These factors raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The Company has limited experience
in medical device and piezoelectric motor development and commercialization. Our ability to become profitable depends primarily on our
ability to develop our products, our successful completion of all necessary pre-clinical testing and clinical trials on such products,
our ability to obtain approval for such products and, if approved, successfully commercialize such products, our ongoing research and
development efforts, the timing and cost of clinical trials, our ability to identify personnel with the necessary skill sets or enter
into favorable alliances with third-parties who can provide substantial capabilities in clinical development, regulatory affairs, sales,
marketing and distribution and our ability to obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to such products. Our limited
experience in piezoelectric motor and medical device development may make it more difficult for us to complete these tasks. 

Even if we successfully develop
and market our products, we may not generate sufficient or sustainable revenue to achieve or sustain profitability, which could cause
us to cease operations and cause you to lose all of your investment. Because we are subject to these risks, you may have a difficult time
evaluating our business and your investment in our Company. 

Our ability to continue our operations requires
that we raise additional capital, and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain the additional funding as or when needed.
As a result, our registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going
concern in its report on our audited financial statements included in this filing. We will need to raise substantial additional funds
in the future, and these funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. A failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed
could force us to delay, limit, scale back or cease some or all operations. 

Upon the completion of the
audit of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded there was substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph regarding
this uncertainty in its report on those financial statements. 

The continued growth of our
business, including the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our products, will significantly increase our expenses
going forward, regardless of our revenues. As a result, we are required to seek substantial additional funds to continue our business.
Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the cost of developing our products; 

obtaining and maintaining regulatory clearance or approval for our products; 

the costs associated with commercializing our products; 

any change in our development priorities; 

the revenue generated by sales of our products, if approved; 

30 

the revenue generated by sales of third-party medical devices; 

the costs associated with expanding our sales and marketing infrastructure for commercialization of our products, if approved; 

any change in our plans regarding the manner in which we choose to commercialize any approved product in the United States or internationally; 

the cost of ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements; 

expenses we incur in connection with potential litigation or governmental investigations; 

the costs to develop additional intellectual property: 

anticipated or unanticipated capital expenditures; and 

unanticipated general and administrative expenses. 

We may not be able to raise
additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any failure to raise additional capital could compromise our ability to execute
on our business plan, and we may be forced to liquidate our assets. In such a scenario, the values we receive for our assets in liquidation
or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. 

If we issue equity or debt
securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have
rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. In addition, if we raise additional funds through collaborations,
licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnership arrangements or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish
valuable rights to our potential future products or proprietary technologies or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

The amount of future financing which we
may require will depend on several factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our results of operations, financial condition and stock
price are likely to be adversely affected if our funding requirements increase or are otherwise greater than we expect. 

Our future funding requirements
will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the testing costs for our product candidates and other development activities conducted by us directly, and our ability to successfully conclude the studies and activities and achieve favorable results; 

our ability to attract future strategic partners to pay for or share costs related to our product development efforts; 

the costs and timing of seeking and obtaining regulatory clearance and approvals for our product candidates; 

decisions to hire additional scientific, engineering or administrative personnel or consultants; 

our ability to manage administrative and other costs of our operations; and 

the presence or absence of adverse developments in our research program. 

If any of these factors cause
our funding needs to be greater than expected, our operations, financial condition, ability to continue operations and stock price may
be adversely affected. 

31 

Our future cash requirements may differ
significantly from our current estimates. 

Our cash requirements may
differ significantly from our estimates from time to time, depending on a number of factors, including: 

the costs and results of our development testing and clinical studies regarding our product candidates; 

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory clearance and approvals; 

the speed of product development at customers in which motors are used; 

whether we are able to obtain funding under future licensing agreements, strategic partnerships, or other collaborative relationships, if any; 

the costs of compliance with laws, regulations, or judicial decisions applicable to us; and 

the costs of general and administrative infrastructure required to manage our business and protect corporate assets and shareholder interests. 

If we fail to raise additional
funds on a timely basis, we will need to scale back our business plans, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and stock price, and we may even be forced to discontinue our operations and liquidate our assets. 

COVID-19 continues to evolve and has the
potential to disrupt business United States and many other parts of the world and may continue to adversely affect our business
operations, supply chains, employee availability, financial condition, liquidity and cash flow for an extended period of time. 

COVID-19 has receded as a
major disruption of business operations. However, if the virus continues to mutate, a risk exists of more shut-downs or disruption of
business operations and supply chains. It is impossible to predict the effect and ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as the situation
continues to evolve. 

Ongoing significant reductions in
business related activities could result in further loss of sales and profits, as well as other material adverse effects. The
extent of the impact of COVID-19 worldwide on our business, financial results, liquidity and cash flows will depend largely on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Quality problems with, and product liability
claims in connection with our products could lead to recalls or safety alerts, harm to our reputation, or adverse verdicts or costly
settlements, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. 

Quality is extremely important
to us and our customers due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure and our business exposes us to potential product
liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of our products. Component failures, manufacturing defects,
design flaws, off-label use, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information with respect to our products,
could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a user of our products. These problems could lead to the recall of, or
issuance of a safety alert relating to, our products, and could result in unfavorable judicial decisions or settlements arising out of
product liability claims and lawsuits, including class actions, which could negatively affect our financial condition and business operations.
In particular, a material adverse event involving one of our products could result in reduced market acceptance and demand for all products
offered under our brand and could harm our reputation and ability to market products in the future. 

32 

High quality products are
critical to the success of our business. If we fail to meet the high standards we set for ourselves and which our customers expect, and
our products are the subject of recalls, safety alerts, or other material adverse events, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose
customers, and our revenue and results of operations could decline. Our success also depends generally on our ability to manufacture to
exact tolerances precision-engineered components, subassemblies, and finished devices from multiple materials. If our components fail
to meet these standards or fail to adapt to evolving standards, our reputation, competitive advantage and market share could be negatively
impacted. In certain situations, we may undertake a voluntary recall of products or temporarily shut down product production lines if
we determine, based on performance relative to our own internal safety and quality monitoring and testing data, that we have or may be
in danger of failing to meet the high-quality standards we have set for ourselves and which our customers expect. Such recalls or cessation
of services or product manufacturing may also negatively impact our business. 

Any product liability claim
brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and resolve. Any of the foregoing problems, including product liability
claims or product recalls in the future, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and business operations. 

We are dependent on patent and other proprietary
rights and our failure to protect such rights or to be successful in litigation related to our rights or the rights of others may result
in our payment of significant monetary damages. This would negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products or prohibit
us from enforcing our patent and other proprietary rights against others. 

We are and will continue to
be materially dependent on a combination of patents, trade secrets, and trademarks, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements, and
other intellectual property protections which will enable us to maintain our proprietary competitiveness. We also operate in an industry
characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation against us can result in significant damage awards and injunctions that
could prevent our manufacture and sale of affected products or require us to pay significant amounts in order to continue to manufacture
or sell affected products. At any given time, we could potentially be involved as a plaintiff and/or as a defendant in a number of patent
infringement and/or other contractual or intellectual property related actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods
of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of such litigation, we acknowledge the possibility that any such litigation could
result in our payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future
products or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others, which would have a material adverse effect on
the financial condition of our business and on our business operations. 

While we intend to defend
against any threats to our intellectual property, including our patents, trade secrets, and trademarks, and while we intend to defend
against any actual or threatened breaches of our non-disclosure and non-competition agreements, may not adequately protect our intellectual
property or enforce such agreements. Further, patent or trademark applications currently pending that are owned by us may not result in
patents or trademarks being issued to us, patents or trademarks issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged
or circumvented by competitors and such patents or trademarks may be found invalid, unenforceable or insufficiently broad to protect our
proprietary advantages. 

In addition, the laws of certain
countries in which we market, or intend to market, some or all of our products do not protect our intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries
by utilizing technologies and other intellectual property that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. Competitors may also
harm our sales by designing products or offering services that mirror the capabilities of our products, or the technology contained therein,
without infringing our intellectual property rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property in these countries, it could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. 

33 

In addition to patented technology,
we rely on our unpatented technology, trade secrets and know-how. We generally seek to protect this information by confidentiality, non-disclosure
and assignment of invention agreements with our officers, employees, contractors and other service providers and with parties with which
we do business. These agreements may be breached, which breach may result in the misappropriation of such information, and we may not
have adequate remedies for any such breach. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use or reverse
engineering of our technology. 

Moreover, our trade secrets
may be disclosed to or otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. To the extent that our officers, employees,
contractors, other service providers, or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their
work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. If, for any of the above reasons, our
intellectual property is disclosed or misappropriated, it would harm our ability to protect our rights and have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If we experience decreasing prices for our Neurology
Products and we are unable to reduce our expenses, our financial condition and business operations may suffer. 

We may experience decreasing
prices for our Neurology Products due to pricing pressure experienced by our customers from managed care organizations and other third-party
payers, increased market power of our customers as the medical device industry consolidates, and increased competition among medical engineering
and manufacturing service providers. If the prices for our Neurology Products decrease and we are unable to reduce our expenses, our results
of operations will be adversely affected. 

Our research and development efforts rely
upon investments and investment collaborations, and we cannot guarantee that any previous or future investments or investment collaborations
will be successful. 

Our commercialization strategy
requires a wide variety of technologically advanced and capable products. The rapid pace of technological development in the MedTech industry
and the specialized expertise required in different areas of medicine make it difficult for one company alone to develop a broad portfolio
of technological solutions. In addition to internally generated growth through our research and development efforts, we anticipate the
need to rely upon investments and investment collaborations to provide us access to new technologies both in areas served by our contemplated
businesses as well as in new areas. A failure to establish such collaborations may harm our financial condition and business operations. 

Going forward, we expect to
make future investments where we believe that we can stimulate the development or acquisition of new technologies, Products to further
our strategic objectives and strengthen our existing business ventures. Investments and investment collaborations in and with medical
technology companies are inherently risky, and we cannot guarantee that any of our previous or future investments or investment collaborations
will be successful or will not have a materially adverse effect our financial condition and business operations. 

Our ability to offer new products and continue
the development of our existing products, depends upon us maintaining strong relationships with health care professionals. 

If we fail to maintain our
working relationships with health care professionals, many of our products may not be developed and offered in line with the needs and
expectations of the professionals who use and support our products, which could cause a decline in our earnings and profitability. The
research, development, marketing, and sales of our products is expected to be dependent upon our maintaining working relationships with
such health care professionals, and the use of our products is expected to often require the participation of health care professionals.
In addition, health care professionals are the primary customer groups we expect to market and sell our products directly to, further
highlighting the importance of our relationship with such health care professionals. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with
these professionals, we may lose our primary customer base, our products may not be utilized correctly or to their full potential, and
our ability to develop, manufacture, and market future products may be significantly stunted. 

34 

We operate in a highly competitive industries
and we may be unable to compete effectively. 

We expect to compete domestically
and internationally in the neurology, diagnostic imaging and MedTech markets and the motion control market. These markets are characterized
by rapid change resulting from technological advances and scientific discoveries. In the product lines and offered services in which we
compete, we face a mixture of competitors ranging from large manufacturers with multiple business lines to small manufacturers that offer
a limited selection of niche products. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes, technologies, or the introduction
of reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection may make our existing products
or proposed products less competitive. Competitive factors include product reliability, product performance, product technology, product
quality, breadth of product lines, product services, customer support, price, and reimbursement approval from health care insurance providers. 

We also face competition for
marketing, distribution, and collaborative development agreements, for establishing relationships health care professionals, medical associations,
and academic and research institutions, and for licenses to intellectual property. In addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies
and other public and private research organizations also may conduct research, seek patient protection and establish collaborative arrangements
for discovery, research, clinical development and marketing of products similar to ours. These companies, professionals, and institutions
compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies. 

Technological breakthroughs in electric
motors could render our Motion Products obsolete. 

The electric motor market
is subject to rapid technological change and product innovation. Our electric motors are based on its proprietary technology, but several
companies are pursuing new technologies, including sensing technologies for electric engines. Any technological breakthroughs could render
our Motion Products obsolete, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and
could result in our shareholders losing their entire investment. 

Any failure to attract and retain skilled
directors, executives, employees and consultants could impair our product development and commercialization activities. 

Our business depends on the
skills, performance, and dedication of our current directors, executive officers and key engineering and technical advisors. We may need
to recruit additional directors, executive management employees, and advisers, particularly engineering, scientific and technical personnel,
which will require additional financial resources. In addition, there is currently intense competition for skilled directors, executives
and employees with relevant engineering, scientific and technical expertise, and this competition is likely to continue. If we are unable
to attract and retain persons with sufficient engineering, scientific, technical and managerial experience, we may be forced to limit
or delay our product development activities or may experience difficulties in successfully conducting our business, which would adversely
affect our operations and financial condition. 

Our growth could suffer if the markets into
which we sell our products and services decline . 

Our growth depends in part
on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for
our products and services, which would adversely affect us and our financial results. Certain of our businesses operate in industries
that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. Demand for our products and services will also be sensitive to changes in our current
and future customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, changes in incentive programs, new product introductions
and customer inventory levels. Any of these factors could adversely affect our growth and results of operations in any given period. 

We have limited internal research and development
personnel, making us dependent on consulting relationships. 

We consider research and development
to be an important part of the process of designing, developing, obtaining regulatory required approvals and the commercialization of
our products. We expect to continue to incur substantial costs related to research and development. 

35 

We
will need to outsource and rely on third parties for various aspects relating to the development, manufacture, sales and marketing of
our products as well as in connection with assisting us in the preparation and filing of our FDA submissions, and our future success
will be dependent on the timeliness and effectiveness of the efforts of these third parties. 

We
are dependent on consultants for important aspects of our product development strategy. We do not have the required financial resources
and personnel to carry out independently the development of our product candidate, and do not have the capability or resources to manufacture
our current product candidates in-house. As a result, we contract with and rely on third parties for important functions, including in
connection with the development and finalization of our products, the preparation and filing of our FDA submissions and eventual manufacturing
and commercialization of our product candidates. If problems develop in our relationships with third parties, or if such parties fail
to perform as expected, it could lead to delays or lack of progress in obtaining FDA clearance, significant cost increases, changes in
our strategies, and even failure of our product initiatives. 

We
expect to rely on third-party manufacturers and will be dependent on their quality and effectiveness. 

Our
products requires precise, high-quality manufacturing. The manufacturing process of NeuroCap is outsourced to a third-party, while
the piezo electric motors are currently manufactured in-house, by the Company. The failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing
standards, including failure to detect or control anticipated or unanticipated manufacturing errors or the frequent occurrence of such
errors, could result in user injury or death, discontinuance or delay of ongoing or planned clinical studies, delays or failures in product
testing or delivery, cost overruns, product recalls or withdrawals and other problems that could seriously hurt our business. Contract
medical device manufacturers often encounter difficulties involving production yields, quality control and quality assurance and shortages
of qualified personnel. These manufacturers are subject to stringent regulatory requirements, including the FDA s current good-manufacturing-practices
regulations. If our contract manufacturers fail to maintain ongoing compliance at any time, the production of our products could be interrupted,
resulting in delays or discontinuance of our clinical studies, additional costs and loss of potential revenues. 

We
may be subject to potential product liability and other claims that could materially impact our business and financial condition. 

The
development and sale of our products exposes us to the risk of significant damages from product liability and other claims, and the use
of our product candidates may result in adverse effects. We cannot predict all the possible harms or adverse effects that may result.
We maintain a modest amount of product liability insurance to provide some protection from claims. Nonetheless, we may not have sufficient
resources to pay for any liabilities resulting from a personal injury or other claim, even if it is partially covered by insurance. In
addition to the possibility of direct claims, we may be required to indemnify third parties against damages and other liabilities arising
out of our development, commercialization and other business activities, which would increase our liability exposure. If third parties
that have agreed to indemnify us fail to do so, we may be held responsible for those damages and other liabilities as well. 

Our
competitors may develop products that are more effective and less expensive than ours. 

We
are engaged in the development of Neurology Products and Motion Products, the marketing and sale of which is intensely competitive. Our
competitors may: 

develop products that are
 less expensive or more effective than ours; 

commercialize competing
 products before we can launch our products; 

hold or obtain proprietary
 rights that could prevent us from commercializing our products; or 

introduce competing products
 that render our product obsolete. 

If
our competitors market Neurology Products or Motion Products that are less expensive or more effective than our products, or that gain
or maintain greater market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively. 

36 

We
may not be able to successfully scale-up manufacturing of our products in sufficient quality and quantity. 

In
order to conduct larger-scale commercialization of our products, we will need to manufacture our products in substantially larger quantities.
We may not be able to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for our products in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all.
In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If we are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture of our products
in sufficient quality and quantity, the further development of our products and expected sales will be delayed, which could significantly
harm our business. 

A
reduction or interruption in our supply of raw materials coupled with an inability to develop alternative sources for such raw materials,
and other similar supply chain management difficulties, may adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. 

The
manufacture of our Products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of quality components and materials and is highly exacting
and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements, and we cannot guarantee that our efforts to secure quality components and
materials in a timely, cost-effective manner will be successful. Other problems in the manufacturing process, including equipment malfunction,
failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, defective raw materials and environmental factors, could lead to launch delays,
product shortage, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. A failure to identify and address manufacturing problems
prior to the release of Products to our customers may also result in quality or safety issues. 

Our
operating results could be negatively impacted if we are unable to capitalize on research and development spending. 

We
have and intend to continue to spend a significant amount of time and resources on research and development projects to develop and validate
new and innovative products. We believe these projects will result in the commercialization of new products and will create additional
future sales. However, factors including regulatory delays, safety concerns or patent disputes could delay the introduction or marketing
of new products. Additionally, unanticipated issues may arise in connection with current and future clinical studies that could delay
or terminate a product s development prior to regulatory approval. We may experience an unfavorable impact on our financial condition
and business operations if we are unable to capitalize on those efforts by attaining the proper FDA approval or to successfully market
new products. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers to provide equipment, components and services, which creates certain risks and uncertainties that may adversely
affect our business . 

Our
business requires that we buy equipment, components and services from third parties. Our reliance on third-party suppliers involves certain
risks, including poor quality or an unreliable supply chain, which could (i) adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our products;
(ii) result in changes in the cost of these purchases due to inflation, exchange rates, tariffs, or other factors; and (iii) result in
shortages of components, commodities or other materials, which could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and our ability
to make timely delivery. Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to compete. 

Certain
materials and components used in our products are required and qualified to be sourced from a single or a limited number of suppliers . 

Because
of any number of domestic or global factors, certain materials used by us in our products, specifically ceramics associated with our
piezo motion products for which we rely on only two suppliers could become in short supply resulting in limited availability and/or increased
costs. Although we believe that alternative suppliers are available to supply materials and components to replace those currently used,
doing so may require that we redesign work and would require having those new sources qualified within our systems prior to making use
of those new alternatives. Any interruption in the supply from any supplier that serves as a sole source could delay product shipments
and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our profits may decline if the price
of raw materials rise and we cannot recover the increases from our then customers. 

37 

We
use various raw materials, such as piezoceramic, steel and plastics, in our manufacturing operations . 

The
raw materials used by us to manufacture our products may become subject to volatility. As a result, it may be necessary for us to increase
our product sales price which could have a negative impact on our unit volume, revenue and potential operating income. We are also subject
to risks associated with United States and foreign legislation and regulations relating to imports, including quotas, duties, tariffs
or taxes, and other charges or restrictions on imports, which could adversely affect our operations and our ability to import raw materials
and components at current or increased levels. We cannot predict whether additional United States and foreign customs quotas, duties,
tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions, requirements as to where raw materials must be purchased, or other restrictions on our
imports will be imposed upon the importation of our products in the future or adversely modified, or what effect such actions would have
on our costs of operations. 

The
Russian-Ukrainian Conflict adversely affected the operations of our Russian subsidiary, which we are winding down. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine, which has had a material adverse effect
on the operations of our Russian subsidiary, which had accounted for the majority of our revenues. With the uncertainty raised due to
the continued Russian invasion of Ukraine, and with such operations no longer part of the Company s business plan, the Company
began winding down the operations of MMDR. Accordingly, during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, MMDR satisfied its last distribution
obligations and laid off all of its employees. Since then, no work has been conducted by MMDR, and the Company has no ongoing operations
or employees in Russia. MMDR has no assets or liabilities and is currently a legal entity, waiting to be dissolved by Russian authorities,
which we expect will occur during 2023. The Company does not currently sell, import, or export any of its products in, to or from Russia,
nor does it plan to engage in such activities in the future. 

Security
vulnerabilities in our systems could lead to reduced revenues and claims against us. 

Our
operations may depend upon our ability to withstand cyber-attacks. Third parties may develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious
software programs, some of which may be designed to attack our systems or networks. Our operations also involve the storage and transmission
of proprietary information which may be the target of cyber-attacks. Hardware and software that we produce or procure from third parties
also may contain defects in manufacture or design, including bugs and other problems, which could compromise their ability to withstand
cyber-attacks. 

The
costs to us to eliminate or alleviate security vulnerabilities can be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not
be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede
our sales, manufacturing, distribution, or other critical functions, as well as potential liability to the company. The risk that these
types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand our operations. 

If
we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our network,
our data or our cloud services may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our products may be reduced,
and we may incur significant liabilities. 

Our
operations involve the storage and transmission of data, and security breaches could result in the loss of this information, litigation,
indemnity obligations and other liability. We may become the target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to
our data or users data or to disrupt our ability to provide service. While we have taken steps to protect the confidential information
that we have access to, including confidential information we may obtain through our customer support services or customer usage of our
cloud services, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could be breached or we could suffer data loss. Computer
malware, viruses, social engineering (predominantly spear phishing attacks), and general hacking have become more prevalent in our industry,
particularly against cloud services. If our security measures are or are believed to have been breached as a result of third-party action,
employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. 

38 

We
also process, store, and transmit our own data as part of our business and operations. This data may include personally identifiable,
confidential, or proprietary information. There can be no assurance that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers
have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. While we have developed systems and processes to protect
the integrity, confidentiality and security of our data, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could fail
and result in unauthorized access to or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of such data. 

Because
there are many different security breach techniques and such techniques continue to evolve, we may be unable to anticipate attempted
security breaches and implement adequate preventative measures. Any security breach or other security incident, or the perception that
one has occurred, could result in damage to our brand, disrupt normal business operations, require us to spend material resources to
investigate or correct the breach, expose us to legal liabilities, including litigation, regulatory enforcement, and indemnity obligations,
and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. These risks may increase as we continue to grow the number and scale of our
cloud services, and process, store, and transmit increasingly large amounts of data. 

Regulatory
and Legal Risks 

Motian
product and medical device development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs
or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of any product. 

Before
obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our Neurology Products under development in the United States
or elsewhere, we must complete all pre-clinical testing, clinical trials and other regulatory requirements necessitated by the FDA and
foreign regulatory bodies and demonstrate the performance and safety of our products. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design
and implement, can take many years to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can
occur at any stage of testing. Further, the outcomes of completed clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical
trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Clinical data is often susceptible to varying
interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their products performed satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless
failed to obtain marketing approval. We have limited resources to complete the expensive process of medical device development, pre-clinical
testing and clinical trials, putting us at a disadvantage, particularly compared to some of our larger and established competitors, and
we may not have sufficient resources to commercialize our products under development in a timely fashion, if ever. 

We
may experience numerous unforeseen events during or as a result of clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive
marketing approval or commercialize our products, including: 

regulators may not authorize
 us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

the failure to successfully
 complete pre-clinical testing requirements required by the FDA and international organizations; 

we may experience delays
 in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts with third parties or clinical trial protocols with
 prospective trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different trial
 sites; 

we may experience delays
 in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts with third parties or clinical trial protocols with
 prospective trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different trial
 sites; 

clinical trials of our
 products may produce negative or inconclusive results, including failure to demonstrate statistical significance, and we may decide,
 or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon our development programs; 

the number of people with
 brain related disorders required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be
 slower than we anticipate, or people may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher
 rate than we anticipate; 

39 

our products may have undesirable
 side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators, regulators or institutional review boards to suspend
 or terminate the trials; 

our third-party contractors
 conducting the clinical trials may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely
 manner, or at all; 

regulators may require
 that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical development for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory
 requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

the cost of clinical trials
 of our products may be greater than we anticipate; 

the supply or quality of
 our products or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our products may be insufficient or inadequate; and 

delays from our suppliers
 and manufacturers could impact clinical trial completion and impact revenue. 

If
we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our products under development beyond those that we contemplate,
if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our products under development or other testing, if the results of these
trials or tests are not favorable or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

not obtain marketing approval
 at all; 

be delayed in obtaining
 marketing approval for our products under development in a jurisdiction; 

be subject to additional
 post-marketing testing requirements; or 

have our products removed
 from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Our
development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our clinical
trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays
also could allow our competitors to bring innovative products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize
our products. 

We
are subject to costly and complex laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect
our financial condition and business operations. 

Our
medical devices are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and comparable agencies outside of the United
States. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing,
manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and distribution of our products. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain
marketing clearance for our new products, or enhancements or modifications to existing products, and the failure to maintain approvals
or obtain approval or clearance could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of our business and our business operations.
Even if we are able to obtain such approval or clearance, it may take a significant amount of time, require the expenditure of substantial
resources, involve stringent clinical and pre-clinical testing, require increased post-market surveillance, involve modifications, repairs,
or replacements of our products, and result in limitation on the proposed uses of our products. 

40 

Both
before and after a product is commercially released or offered, we have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations. Many of our facilities
and procedures and those of our suppliers are also subject to periodic inspections by the FDA to determine compliance with the FDA s
requirements, including the quality system regulations and medical device reporting regulations. The results of these inspections can
include inspectional observations on FDA s Form-483, warning letters, or other forms of enforcement. If the FDA were to conclude
that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our medical devices are ineffective or pose an unreasonable
health risk, the FDA could ban such medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order a recall, repair,
replacement, or refund of such devices, refuse to grant pending pre-market approval applications or require certificates of non-U.S.
governments for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial
harm to the public health. The FDA may also assess civil or criminal penalties against us, our officers or employees and impose operating
restrictions on a company-wide basis or enjoin and/or restrain certain conduct resulting in violations of applicable law. The FDA may
also recommend prosecution to the U. S. Department of Justice. Governmental agencies comparable to the FDA which operate in foreign jurisdictions
may also require us to comply with regulations similar to those required by the FDA and failing to do so may result in material adverse
ramifications similar to those caused by a failure to comply with FDA regulations. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude,
may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our Products and limit our ability to obtain future pre-market clearances or approvals,
and could cause result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. 

In
addition, the FDA has taken the position that device manufacturers are prohibited from promoting their products other than for the uses
and indications set forth in the approved product labeling. A number of enforcement actions have been taken against manufacturers that
promote products for off-label uses, including actions alleging that federal health care program reimbursement of products
promoted for off-label uses constitute false and fraudulent claims to the government. The failure to comply with off-label 
promotion restrictions can result in significant civil or criminal exposure, administrative obligations and costs, and/or other potential
penalties from, and/or agreements with, the federal government. 

Governmental
regulations outside the United States have become increasingly stringent and more common, and we may become subject to more rigorous
regulation by governmental authorities in the future in the event we determine to conduct business internationally. In the European Union,
for example, a new Medical Device Regulation was published in 2017 which, when it enters into full force, will impose significant additional
premarket and post-market requirements. Penalties for a company s non-compliance with governmental regulation could be severe,
including fines and revocation or suspension of a company s business license, mandatory price reductions and criminal sanctions.
Any governmental law or regulation imposed in the future may have a material adverse effect on us. 

Legislative,
regulatory, or medical cost reimbursement changes may adversely impact our business. 

New
laws, regulations and judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, that relate to the health
care system in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions may change the nature of and regulatory requirements relating to innovations in medical
devices, testing and regulatory approvals, limit or eliminate payments for medical procedures and treatments, or subject the pricing
of medical devices to government control. In addition, third-party payors in the U.S. are increasingly attempting to contain health care
costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new products. Consequently, significant uncertainty exists as to the
reimbursement status of newly approved health care products. Significant changes in the health care system in the U.S. or elsewhere,
including changes resulting from adverse trends in third-party reimbursement programs, could have a material adverse effect on our projected
future operating results and our ability to raise capital, commercialize products, and remain in business. 

Healthcare
reform laws could adversely affect our product candidate and financial condition. 

In
the United States, there have been, and continue to be, a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. In March 2010,
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (ACA), was
enacted in the United States, which made a number of substantial changes in the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private
insurers. Among other ways in which it may affect our business, the ACA implemented payment system reforms, including a national pilot
program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians, and other providers to improve the coordination, quality, and efficiency
of certain healthcare services through bundled payment models and expanded the eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs. 

41 

Since
its enactment, there have been judicial, executive, and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the
U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the
ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from
February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive
order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare,
including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies
that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other
healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal, or replace the ACA will impact
the ACA or our business. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act
of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to providers by 2 per fiscal year, effective on April
1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030, with the exception of a temporary
suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief legislation from May 1, 2020 through the end of 2021, unless additional Congressional
action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further
reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government
to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 

Further,
the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 among other things, amended the Medicare statute, effective January 1, 2019, to reduce the coverage
gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly known as the donut hole, by raising the manufacturer discount under the Medicare
Part D coverage gap discount program to 70 . It is unclear how the ACA and its implementation, as well as efforts to repeal or replace,
or invalidate, the ACA, or portions thereof, will affect our insulin pump or our business. Additional legislative changes, regulatory
changes, and judicial challenges related to the ACA remain possible. It is possible that the ACA, as currently enacted or as it may be
amended in the future, and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, could have an adverse effect on our industry
generally and on our ability to commercialize our insulin pump and achieve profitability. 

Following
FDA clearance or approval, our products will still be subject to recalls, which would harm our reputation, business operations and financial
results. 

Following
FDA clearance or approval of our products, the FDA has the authority to require the recall of a product if we commence manufacturing
of such product and we or any contract manufacturers we retain fail to comply with relevant regulations pertaining to manufacturing practices,
labeling, advertising or promotional activities, or if new information is obtained concerning the safety or efficacy of the device. A
government-mandated recall could occur if the FDA finds that there is a reasonable probability that a device would cause serious, adverse
health consequences or death. A voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of manufacturing defects, labeling deficiencies, packaging
defects or other failures to comply with applicable regulations. Any recall would divert management s attention and financial resources
and harm our reputation with customers. A recall involving one or more of our products would be harmful to our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
are subject to environmental laws and regulations and the risk of environmental liabilities, violations and litigation. 

We
are subject to numerous United States federal, state, local and non-U.S. environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning,
among other things, the health and safety of our employees, the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials, emissions
or discharges of substances into the environment, investigation and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites,
chemical constituents in medical products and end-of-life disposal and take-back programs for medical devices. Our operations involve
the use of substances regulated under such laws and regulations, primarily those used in manufacturing and sterilization processes. If
we violate these environmental laws and regulations, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 

42 

In
addition, certain environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the costs of investigation,
removal or remediation of hazardous substances or materials at their properties or at properties which they have disposed of hazardous
substances. Liability for investigative, removal and remedial costs under certain U.S. federal and state laws are retroactive, strict
and joint and several. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury
or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. The ultimate cost of site cleanup and timing of future
cash outflows is difficult to predict, given the uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation of applicable
laws and regulations, and alternative cleanup methods. 

We
may in the future be subject to additional environmental claims for personal injury or cleanup based on our past, present or future business
activities (including the past activities of companies we may acquire). The costs of complying with current or future environmental protection
and health and safety laws and regulations, or liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances,
may exceed our estimates, or have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of our business and our business operations. 

Our
failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to reimbursement of health care goods and services may subject us to penalties and
adversely impact our reputation, financial condition, and business operations. 

Our
neurology products are expected to be purchased primarily by medical professionals and organizations that typically bill various third-party
payers, such as governmental programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans and managed
care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement
for products from third-party payers is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing
to pay for such products. As a result, our products are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services or CMS as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies
responsible for reimbursement and regulation of health care goods and services. The principal U.S. federal laws implicated include those
that prohibit (i) the filing of false or improper claims for federal payment, known as the false claims laws, (ii) unlawful inducements
for the referral of business reimbursable under federally-funded health care programs, known as the anti-kickback laws, and (iii) health
care service providers from seeking reimbursement for providing certain services to a patient who was referred by a physician who has
certain types of direct or indirect financial relationships with the service provider, known as the Stark Law. Many states have similar
laws that apply to reimbursement by state Medicaid and other funded programs as well as in some cases to all payers. Insurance companies
can also bring a private cause of action claiming treble damages against a manufacturer for causing a false claim to be filed under the
federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. In addition, if we were to become a manufacturer of FDA-approved devices
reimbursable by federal healthcare programs, we would be subject to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which would require us to annually
report certain payments and other transfers of value we make to U.S.-licensed physicians or U.S. teaching hospitals. 

Our
anticipated domestic and international operations may be subject to risks relating to changes in government and private medical reimbursement
programs and policies, and changes in legal regulatory requirements in the U.S. and around the world. Implementation of further legislative
or administrative reforms to the reimbursement system in the U.S. and outside of the U.S., or adverse decisions relating to our Products
or services by administrators of these systems in coverage or reimbursement, could significantly reduce reimbursement or result in the
denial of coverage, which could have an impact on the acceptance of and demand for our Products and the prices that our customers are
willing to pay for them. 

The
laws and regulations of healthcare related products that are applicable to us, including those described herein, are subject to evolving
interpretations and enforcement discretion. If a governmental authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be subject to severe criminal and civil penalties, including, for example,
exclusion from participation as a supplier of products or services to beneficiaries covered by CMS. Any failure to comply with laws and
regulations relating to reimbursement and healthcare products could adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 

43 

We
are subject to federal, state and foreign healthcare regulations related to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and could face substantial
penalties if we fail to fully comply with such regulations and laws. 

The
relationships that we and our potential distributors and others that market or may market our products have with healthcare professionals,
such as physicians and hospitals, are subject to scrutiny under various federal, state, foreign laws often referred to collectively as
healthcare fraud and abuse laws. In addition, U.S. and foreign government regulators have increased the enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws. We also must comply with a variety of other laws that protect the privacy of individually
identifiable healthcare information and impose extensive tracking and reporting related to all transfers of value provided to certain
healthcare professionals. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretation and we could be required
to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance or to alter our practices if we are found not to be in compliance. Violations of these
laws may be punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines, imprisonment of current or former employees and exclusion
from participation in governmental healthcare programs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and business operations. 

Risks
Related to our Securities 

There
is not now, and there may never be, an active market for our Common Stock. We cannot assure you that our Common Stock will become liquid.

There
currently is no liquid market for our Common Stock. An investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market
value of our Common Stock and trading of our Common Stock may be extremely sporadic. An active market for our Common Stock may never
develop. In addition, if we failed to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on
broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations
may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our Common Stock, which may further affect its liquidity. This would also make
it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. 

The
price of our Common Stock might fluctuate significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Volatility
in the market price of our Common Stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares of our Common Stock at or above the price
you paid for your shares. The trading price of our Common Stock may be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to
various factors, including: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our quarterly financial and operating results; 

our progress toward developing
 our products; 

the commencement, enrollment
 and results of our future clinical trials; 

adverse results from, delays
 in or termination of our clinical trials; 

adverse regulatory decisions,
 including failure to receive regulatory approval; 

publication of research
 reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts,
 if any; 

perceptions about the market
 acceptance of our products and the recognition of our brand; 

adverse publicity about
 our products or industry in general; 

overall performance of
 the equity markets; 

introduction of products,
 or announcements of significant contracts, licenses or acquisitions, by us or our competitors; 

legislative, political
 or regulatory developments; 

additions or departures
 of key personnel; 

threatened or actual litigation
 and government investigations; 

sales of shares of our
 Common Stock by us or members of our management; and 

general economic conditions. 

44 

These
and other factors might cause the market price of our Common Stock to fluctuate substantially, which may negatively affect the liquidity
of our Common Stock. In addition, from time to time, the stock market experiences price and volume fluctuations, some of which may be
significant. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies across many industries.
The changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Accordingly, the price
of our Common Stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with us, and these fluctuations could materially
reduce our share price. 

Securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the
market price of a company s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our
management s attention and resources, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our Common
Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies, including not being required to
comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ), reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation, and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price
may be more volatile. 

Our
Common Stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce
the value of an investment in our securities. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock as an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The SEC s penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about
penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and the salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that
before a transaction in a penny stock occurs, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s agreement to the transaction. If applicable in the future, these rules
may restrict the ability of brokers-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their shares, until
our common stock no longer is considered a penny stock. 

Concentration
of ownership of our Common Stock among our existing executive officers, directors and principal stockholders may prevent new investors
from influencing significant corporate decisions. 

Our executive officers, directors,
principal stockholders and their affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 75.5 of our outstanding common stock as
of March 31, 2023. As a result, these persons, acting together, would be able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election and removal of directors, any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets,
or other significant corporate transactions. 

Some
of these persons or entities may have interests different than yours. For example, they may be more interested in selling our company
to an acquirer than other investors, or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other stockholders. 

45 

We
may issue more shares to raise capital, which will result in substantial dilution. 

Our
articles of incorporation previously provided for the issuance of a maximum of 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares
of blank check preferred stock but the Company has received authorization from the board of directors and majority stockholders
and increased the amount of authorized Common Stock to 750,000,000 shares. Any additional financings effected by us may result in the
issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and the substantial dilution in the percentage of common stock held by
our then existing stockholders. Moreover, the securities issued in any such transaction may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm s-length
basis by our management, resulting in an additional reduction in the percentage of Common Stock held by our current stockholders on an
as converted, fully-diluted basis. Our board of directors has the power to issue any or all of such authorized but unissued shares without
stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common
Stock are issued in connection with a financing, dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and the rights of the holder
of Common Stock might be materially and adversely affected. 

Anti-takeover
provisions that may be in our charter and bylaws may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change the board of directors or
current management and could make a third-party acquisition of us difficult. 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws may contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change
in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for
their shares. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. Subject to any series of preferred stock we may issue in the future,
we intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, you may have to sell some or all of your shares
of our Common Stock in order to generate cash flow from your investment. You may not receive a gain on your investment when you sell
shares and you may lose the entire amount of the investment. 

Our
articles of incorporation allow for our board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our shareholders,
which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our Common Stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Currently, our board
of directors has the authority to designate and issue up to 10,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further shareholder approval.
In the future, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock that would grant to holders,
among other rights, the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed
to the holders of Common Stock and the right to the redemption of our preferred shares acquired by such persons, together with a premium,
prior to the redemption of our Common Stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred
stock that has greater voting power than our Common Stock or that is convertible into our Common Stock, which could decrease the relative
voting power of our Common Stock or result in dilution to our existing shareholders. 

46 

Failure
to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls could result in material misstatements of our financial statements
or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or fail to prevent fraud in which case, our stockholders could lose confidence
in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and could negatively impact the price of our stock. 

We have assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting because of the effect of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we identified material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to (i) limited policies and procedures that cover recording and reporting
of financial transactions associated with the foreign subsidiary; and (ii) lack of sufficient personnel in the accounting function due
to our limited resources resulting in lack of segregation of duties. The Company engages a third-party consultant to ensure the complete
and proper application of generally accepted accounting principles, particularly as it relates to valuation of warrants and other complex
debt /equity transactions. We plan to remediate those material weaknesses by (i) improving the effectiveness of the accounting group by
augmenting our existing resources with additional internal accounting staff to assist in the analysis and recording of transaction and
for improved segregation of duties. We plan to mitigate this identified deficiency by hiring additional accounting staff once we generate
significantly more revenue or raise significant additional working capital; and (ii) improving desired segregation procedures by strengthening
cross approval of various functions including quarterly internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

Continued
ineffective internal control regarding our financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results and
the price of our Common Stock could be negatively affected. This could also make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain
types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage
or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Any system of internal controls, however well designed and
operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the
system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulation concerning control and
procedures could have a material effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Any of these events could result
in an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements,
which ultimately could negatively affect the market price of our shares, increase the volatility of our stock price and adversely affect
our ability to raise additional funding. The effect of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
persons to serve on our board of directors and as executive officers. 

Our
reporting obligations as a public company will place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and
systems for the foreseeable future. If we fail to timely achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting,
we may not be able to produce reliable financial reports or help prevent fraud. Our failure to achieve and maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting could prevent us from filing our periodic reports on a timely basis which could result in the loss of
investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, harm our business and negatively impact the trading price of our
common stock. 

A
significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the future.
This could cause the market price of our Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the
market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, the market price
of our Common Stock could decline significantly. 

Of the 1,242,647 shares of
our Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023, approximately 256,245 shares are freely tradable without restriction by
stockholders who are not our affiliates. 

47 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business
or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock has been limited to date and in the future will be influenced by the research and reports that securities
or industry analysts publish about us and our business. Securities or industry analysts may elect not to provide coverage of our Common
Stock, and such lack of coverage may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. In the event we do not secure additional
securities or industry analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included in their
reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more securities or industry analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable
commentary or research. If one or more securities or industry analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on
us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Medicare,
Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting
both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical devices, and, as a result, their coverage policies may be restrictive, or
they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. 

Medicare,
Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting
both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical devices, and, as a result, their coverage policies may be restrictive, or
they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. In order to obtain reimbursement arrangements, we may have to agree
to a net sales price lower than the net sales price we might charge in other sales channels. Our revenue may be limited by the continuing
efforts of government and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare through various increasingly sophisticated
means, such as requiring prospective reimbursement and second opinions, purchasing in groups, or redesigning benefits. Our future dependence
on the commercial success of our technologies makes us particularly susceptible to any cost containment or reduction efforts. Accordingly,
unless the government and other third-party payors provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products and the related insertion
and removal procedures, our financial performance may be limited. 

General
Risks 

We
are a development stage company with a limited operating history, making it difficult for you to evaluate our business and your investment. 

Our
operations are subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including but not limited to the
absence of an operating history, lack of fully-developed or commercialized products, insufficient capital, expected substantial and continual
losses for the foreseeable future, limited experience in dealing with regulatory issues, lack of manufacturing and marketing experience,
need to rely on third parties for the development and commercialization of our existing and proposed products, a competitive environment
characterized by well-established and well-capitalized competitors and reliance on key personnel. 

We
may not be successful in carrying out our business objectives. The revenue and income potential of our proposed business and operations
are unproven as the lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate the future prospects of our business. There is nothing at
this time on which to base an assumption that our business operations will prove to be successful or that we will ever be able to operate
profitably. Accordingly, we have no track record of successful business activities, strategic decision-making by management, fund-raising
ability, and other factors that would allow an investor to assess the likelihood that we will be successful in our business. There is
a substantial risk that we will not be successful in fully implementing our business plan, or if initially successful, in thereafter
generating material operating revenues or in achieving profitable operations. 

Foreign
currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial results . 

Sales
and purchases in currencies other than the United States. dollar expose us to fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the United
States dollar and may adversely affect our financial results. Increased strength of the United States dollar increases the effective
price of our products sold in United States dollars into other countries, which may require us to lower its prices or adversely affect
sales to the extent we do not increase local currency prices. Decreased strength of the United States dollar could adversely affect the
cost of materials, products and services we purchase from non-United States denominated locations. Sales and expenses of our non-United
States businesses are also translated into United States dollars for SEC reporting purposes and the strengthening or weakening of the
United States dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects. We also face exchange rate risk from our investments in subsidiaries
owned and operated in foreign countries. 

48 

Current
economic and political conditions make tax rules in any jurisdiction subject to significant change. 

We
are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the U.S. and ultimately various jurisdictions outside the U.S.
where we intend to operate. We cannot predict the overall impact that changes or revisions to any such tax laws and regulations, whether
in in the United States or in jurisdictions outside the United States, may have on our business. We may be subject to ongoing tax audits
in various jurisdictions, and the tax authorities conducting such audits may disagree with certain taxation positions we have taken and
assess additional taxes. Although we intend to regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness
of our tax obligations, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes
of these audits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. 

Economic
and political instability around the world could adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 

Economic
and political instability around the world may adversely affect our ability to develop, manufacture, market, and sell our products. Our
customers and suppliers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations which may adversely
impact their ability to purchase our products or services or to pay for our products on a timely basis, if at all. As with our customers
and suppliers, these economic conditions make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities.
In addition, a significant amount of our trade receivables are with national health care systems in the United States and in many foreign
countries. Repayment of these receivables is dependent upon the political and financial stability of those countries. In light of domestic
and global economic fluctuations, we continue to monitor the creditworthiness of customers located both inside and outside the United
States. Failure to receive payment of all or a significant portion of these receivables could adversely affect our financial condition
and business operations. 

Inflation
Risk 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Nonetheless,
if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs. Our
inability or failure to do so could harm our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

IN
ADDITION TO THE ABOVE RISKS, BUSINESSES ARE OFTEN SUBJECT TO RISKS NOT FORESEEN OR FULLY APPRECIATED BY MANAGEMENT. IN REVIEWING THIS
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD KEEP IN MIND THAT THERE MAY BE OTHER POSSIBLE RISKS THAT COULD BE IMPORTANT. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive office
is located in leased premises of approximately 3,562 square feet at a rental cost of 7,320 per month at 6700 Professional Parkway, Lakewood
Ranch, FL 34240. We believe that this facility is adequate for our needs, including providing the space and infrastructure to accommodate
our development work based on our current operating plan. We do not own any real estate. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business. 

49 

We
are not currently a party in any legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding nor are we currently aware of any pending or
potential legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding proposed to be initiated against us that would have a material adverse
effect on us or our business. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock began being quoted and trading on March 18, 2020 on OTC Markets and is currently quoted and traded on the Pink Tier of OTC
Markets under the ticker symbol BRSF. Since the commencement of trading, our common stock has been thinly and sporadically traded There
can be no assurance that an active trading market for our common stock will ever develop or, if such an active market does develop, that
it will be sustained. 

Holders 

As
of March 31, 2023, 1,242,647 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and held by approximately 139 holders of record. 

On
or about October 21, December 10, 2021 and May 25, 2022, the Company issued 14,333, 49,018 and 12,793 options for common shares upon
vesting under its 2018 Equity Incentive Plan for services rendered to an officers and directors. Such options were issued in reliance
on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by an issuer
not involving any public offering. 

On or about December 30, 2021,
the Company issued 124 shares of restricted stock upon vesting under its 2018 Equity Incentive Plan for services rendered to an employee.
Such shares were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public offering. 

On
or about August 12, 2022, the Company issued 303,390 options for common shares upon vesting under its 2022 Equity Incentive Plan for
services rendered to an officers and directors. Such options were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public offering. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividend. We do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, to fund operations, and the development and growth of our business. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, operation results, capital
requirements, applicable contractual restrictions, restrictions in our organizational documents, and any other factors that our Board
deems relevant. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we have issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, all of which were previously
disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM
6 [Reserved] 

50 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of Brain Scientific Inc. together
with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion
and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Risk Factors section of this Report
for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by
the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in this MD A includes forward-looking statements. Statements which
are not historical reflect our current expectations and projections about our future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition
and results of operations, prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to us and our management and
their interpretation of what is believed to be significant factors affecting our existing and proposed business, including many assumptions
regarding future events. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities
could differ materially and perhaps substantially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result
of various risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those risks described in detail in the section entitled Risk Factors 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Forward-looking
statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use
of the words may, should, would, will, could, scheduled, 
 expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, seek, 
or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. 

In
light of these risks and uncertainties, and especially given the nature of our existing and proposed business, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will in fact occur. Potential
investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws,
there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
changed circumstances or any other reason. 

Company
Overview 

We
are a MedTech company with two innovative product lines: neurology and motion products. Since October 1, 2021, we have had two direct
subsidiaries, each of which is focused on one of our complimentary product lines. 

The
products of our subsidiary Memory MD, Inc., hereinafter referred to as the Neurology Products, are medical devices designed for the neurology
market. The products of our subsidiary Piezo Motion Corp., hereinafter referred to as the Motion Products, are small piezoelectric motors
which are designed for and expected to have valuable and beneficial uses as motors within medical devices and devices outside of the
MedTech industry. 

Since
the merger between Brain Scientific Inc. and Piezo Motion Corp., we have focused on building an experienced team and platform to grow
revenues from existing products and introduce new technologies to the market while leveraging our store of intellectual property. 

Historically, we have financed
our operations principally through the issuance of convertible debt. Based on our current operating plan, substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year from the date that the financial statements included in this
filing are issued exists. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our ability to raise additional capital, through the sale
of equity or debt securities, to support our future operations. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we will be required to
curtail our operations and take additional measures to reduce costs. We have provided additional disclosure in Note 1 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements in and under Liquidity below. 

51 

We
were initially organized on November 18, 2013 as a Nevada limited liability company under the name Global Energy Express LLC. On December
18, 2015, we converted from a Nevada limited liability company to a Nevada corporation under the name All Soft Gels Inc. On September
18, 2018, we changed our name from All Soft Gels Inc. to Brain Scientific Inc. and changed our ticker symbol on the OTC Pink market to
 BRSF . 

On
September 21, 2018, we entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with Memory MD, Inc. and AFGG Acquisition
Corp. to acquire Memory MD, Inc. (the Acquisition ). The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were consummated
on September 21, 2018 and, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding shares of Memory MD were exchanged for shares
of Common Stock. Accordingly, we acquired 100 of Memory MD, Inc. in exchange for the issuance of shares of Common Stock and Memory MD,
Inc. became our wholly-owned subsidiary. In conjunction with the Acquisition, we ceased all direct operations and assigned all of our
assets and liabilities from prior to the Acquisition, and assumed and commenced the business of Memory MD as our sole business. 

On
June 11, 2021, we entered into another merger agreement (the Piezo Merger Agreement with Piezo Motion Corp. and BRSF Acquisition
Corp. to acquire Piezo Motion Corp. (the Piezo Acquisition ). The transactions contemplated by the Piezo Merger Agreement
were consummated on October 1, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Piezo Merger Agreement, all outstanding shares of Piezo Motion Corp.
were exchanged for shares of Common Stock. Accordingly, we acquired 100 of Piezo Motion Corp.in exchange for the issuance of shares
of Common Stock and Piezo Motion Corp. became our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Our
financial statements are based upon the Piezo Motion Corp. financials up until the Piezo Acquisition. The combined company financials
are provided inclusive of the operations of the Company unrelated to Piezo Motion Corp. for the fourth quarter of 2021. The accounting
is based upon reverse merger accounting due to the majority of outstanding shares after the Piezo Acquisition were with the Piezo shareholders. 

The
majority of our revenues in 2022 and 2021 was from sales from our subsidiary which until the second quarter of Fiscal 2022 operated as
a distributor of third-party medical devices in Russia. With the uncertainty raised due to the continued Russian invasion of Ukraine,
and with such operations no longer part of the Company s business plan, the Company began winding down the operations of MMDR. 

We
have limited resources. To date, our primary activities have been limited to, and our limited resources have been dedicated to, commercializing
our piezoelectric motors, NeuroCap and NeuroEEG. performing business and financial planning, raising capital, recruiting personnel,
and conducting development activities, although we have acted as a distributor of third-party medical devices in Russia (which has generated
revenue for us in 2021. Both our Neurology Products and Motion Products are production ready for manufacture and sale. For all our products
we have commenced some non-recurring, initial sales. 

Financial
Overview 

Revenue 

Revenues for 2022 were generated
primarily from distributing third-party medical devices in Russia in the amount of 178,431. Revenues for 2022 also included 12,628 of
NeuroCap sales and Piezo sales of 23,505. Revenues for 2021 were generated primarily from 4 th quarter sales distributing third-party
medical devices in Russia in the amount of 221,244. Revenues for 2021 also included 6,194 of NeuroCap sales and Piezo sales of 38,309. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs for administration, product management, for personnel in functions
not directly associated with sales and marketing or research and development activities. Other significant costs include rent, travel,
legal fees relating to corporate matters, intellectual property costs, professional fees for consultants assisting with regulatory, product
development and financial matters, and product costs. We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will be steady in the
near to support our continued commercialization of our Products and maintaining the infrastructure for a public company. 

52 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities in developing our Products. Research
and development expenses include compensation and benefits for research and development employees, overhead expenses, cost of laboratory
supplies, costs related to regulatory operations, fees paid to consultants, and other outside expenses. Research and development costs
are expensed as incurred and costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted work is performed. 

We
expect our research and development expenses to be maintained at the current level until we begin generating revenue from our existing
Neurology and Motion Products. We anticipate it will then begin to increase as we exploit additional patents in our Motion Products and
develop our Neurology Products, including conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense primarily consists of costs and interest costs related to the convertible notes we issued in 2022 and 2021. The convertible notes
bear interest at fixed rate of 10 per annum. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth the results of operations of the Company for the years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Period to 

2022 
 2021 
 Period Change 
 
 Revenues 
 214,564 
 265,747 
 (51,183 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 160,239 
 182,519 
 (22,280 
 
 Research and development 
 301,907 
 329,452 
 (27,545 
 
 Professional fees 
 626,578 
 818,698 
 (192,120 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 696,958 
 1,041,575 
 (344,617 
 
 Share based compensation 
 3,568,461 
 3,223,674 
 344,787 
 
 General and administrative 
 4,468,828 
 3,326,306 
 1,142,522 
 
 Interest expense 
 844,855 
 467,849 
 377,006 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 2,760,515 
 89,787 
 2,670,728 
 
 Other (Income) 
 (7,252 
 (1,110 
 (6,142 
 
 Change in fair market value of derivative liabilities 
 (1,573,792 
 - 
 (1,573,792 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of paycheck protection loan 
 - 
 (112,338 
 112,338 
 
 Gain/loss on settlement of derivatives 
 (201,097 
 - 
 (201,097 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 913,184 
 - 
 913,184 
 
 Foreign Currency transaction loss 
 (962 
 21 
 (983 

Revenues 

Revenue
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 214,564 compared to 265,747 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
in revenues in the current year resulted primarily from decrease in sales of third-party medical devices in Russia. 

Cost
of goods sold 

Cost of goods sold were 160,239
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 182,519 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cost of
sales was primarily due to the reduced revenues. 

53 

Research
and development expenses 

Research and development expenses
were 301,907 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 329,425 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
was primarily due to a reduction of expenditures in the Ukraine. 

Professional fees 

Professional fees were 626,578
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 818,698 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily
due to increased professional fees in 2021 resulting from the merger between Piezo and Brain Scientific, Inc. 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses
were 696,958, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,041,575 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
was primarily due to a reduction in bonus, consulting, payroll and recruiting expenses partially offset by an increase in promotion and
advertising expenses. 

Share based compensation 

Share based compensation expenses were 3,568,461
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3,223,674 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due
to the increased amount of employee stock options issued in 2022. 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative
expenses were 4,468,828 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3,326,306 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase was primarily due to increased payroll, insurance, travel, amortization and bonus expenses. 

Interest expense 

Interest expense for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 was 844,855, compared to 467,849 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the
issuances of convertible debt during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of debt discount
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,760,515, compared to 89,787 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was due to the amortization of debt discounts relating to issuances of convertible debt during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Other income and expense 

Other income and expense for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,735,451, compared to 444,209 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, other income and expense was derived primarily from amortization of debt discount of 2,760,515, interest expense
of 844,855 and goodwill impairment of 913,184, partially offset by gain on change in fair market value of derivatives of 1,573,792 and
gain on settlement of derivatives of 201,097, other income of 7,252 and foreign currency gain of 962. For the year ended December 31,
2021, other income and expense was derived primarily from interest expense of 467,849 and amortization of debt discount of 89,787, partially
offset by gain on forgiveness of paycheck protection plan of 112,338 and other income of 1,110. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

While
we have generated revenue in 2022, we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, most
of the revenue was generated through acting as a distributor of third-party medical devices in Russia, and we did not have significant
sales of our Products. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we expand our sales and marketing efforts for our
Products, seek further regulatory approvals, ramp manufacture of Motion Products and contract to manufacture Neurology Products. 

54 

We
have incurred losses since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 34,622,781 as of December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of
expenses incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative expenses associated with
our operations. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating and net losses for the foreseeable future. 

Historically,
our primary source of cash has been proceeds from the sale of convertible promissory notes. During the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 we issued 5,659,500 of convertible promissory notes. Net cash proceeds from those notes totaled 5,100,000. 

We
need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations through public or private equity or debt financings
or other sources, which may include collaborations with third parties. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds when needed
on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise such capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition
and our ability to develop and commercialize our products and future products and our ability to pursue our business strategy. See Liquidity
and Capital Requirements below. 

We
have also from time to time issued shares of our common stock to individuals and entities as payment for services rendered to us
in lieu of cash. 

We
have no current source of revenue to sustain our present activities other than as acting as a distributor of medical devices in Russia
which is not our primary business goal. We require successful launches of both our Neurology and our Motion products to begin to generate
revenue to start supporting operations. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance
our cash needs through a combination of equity (preferred stock or common stock) and debt financings as well as collaborations, strategic
alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital
through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms
of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing,
if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring
additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances
or licensing arrangements with third-party partners, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams
or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings
or through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate
our Product development, or future commercialization efforts. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our financial statements as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, noting the existence of substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
This uncertainty arose from management s review of our results of operations and financial condition and its conclusion that, based on
our operating plans, we did not have sufficient existing working capital to sustain operations for a period of twelve months from the
date of the issuance of these financial statements. 

We be lieve
our existing cash and cash equivalents, without raising additional funds or generating revenues, will be sufficient to fund our operating
expenses only to approximately April 2023. 

The
development of our Products is subject to numerous uncertainties, and we have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to
be substantially different than we currently anticipate and could use our cash resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process
of developing medical devices and piezoelectric motors is costly with uncertain timing. Our ability to successfully transition to profitability
will be dependent upon achieving a level of Product sales adequate to support our cost structure. We cannot assure you that we will ever
be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. 

55 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 5,935,070 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5,866,792 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This fluctuation
is primarily due to increases in net loss of 3,243,172, gain on change in fair market of derivatives of 1,573,792, gain on settlement
of debt of 201,097, gain on settlement of lease of 1,660, and a decrease in loss on disposal of assets of 71,872 partially offset by
increases in depreciation and amortization of 584,930, debt discount amortization of 2,670,728, goodwill impairment of 913,184, share
based compensation of 344,788, and a decrease in gain on forgiveness of paycheck protection loan of 112,338, and an increase in net
working capital of 397,347. 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities was 33,293 and 58,647 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and consisted of the purchase of property
and equipment. 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 5,930,621 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of the sale of the Company s convertible promissory
notes for aggregate gross proceeds of 6,421,610 proceeds from convertible notes partially offset by repayment of promissory notes in
the amount of 490,989. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash proceeds included 3,750,000 proceeds from the sale of convertible
notes, 3,469,982 proceeds from notes payable partially offset by the repayment of promissory notes of 574,133. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all
highly liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, the Company had no cash equivalents. 

The Company s cash is
held with financial institutions, and the account balances may, at times, exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance
limit. Accounts are insured by the FDIC up to 250,000 per financial institution. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts
with these financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had 232,332 and 277,989, respectively,
in excess over the FDIC insurance limit. 

I nventory 

Inventory consists of raw
material, works in progress and finished goods that are valued at lower of cost or market using the weighted average method. 

Property and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment
are carried at cost. Depreciation is provided on the straight-line method over the assets estimated service lives. Expenditures for maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense in the period in which they are incurred, and betterments are capitalized. The cost of assets sold
or abandoned and the related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any gains or losses are reflected in the accompanying
statements of operations of the respective period. The estimated useful lives range from 3 to 7 years. 

56 

Convertible Notes Payable 

The Company has issued convertible
notes, which contain variable conversion features, whereby the outstanding principal and accrued interest automatically convert into common
shares at a fixed price which may be a discount to the common stock at the time of conversion. Some of the conversion features of these
notes are contingent upon future events, whereby, the holder agreed not to convert until the contingent future event has occurred. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ASC 606 ).
The core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle: 

Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

In order to identify
the performance obligations in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in the contract and identify
each promised good or service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606 s definition of a distinct 
good or service (or bundle of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: The customer can benefit from the good or
service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e., the good or service is capable
of being distinct), and the entity s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other
promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract). The Company
has determined that product delivery is the primary performance obligation, and as such recognizes revenues upon delivery to the customer. 

If a good or service
is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services is identified
that is distinct. 

The transaction price
is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a
customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both. When determining
the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following: 

Variable consideration 

Constraining estimates of variable consideration 

The existence of a significant financing component in the contract 

Noncash consideration 

Consideration payable to a customer 

57 

Variable consideration
is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The transaction price
is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The transaction price allocated to each performance
obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time as appropriate. 

Research and Development 

The Company expenses all research
and development costs as they are incurred. Research and development includes expenditures in connection with in-house research and development
salaries and staff costs, application and filing for regulatory approval of proposed products, regulatory and scientific consulting fees,
as well as contract research, data collection, and monitoring, related to the research and development of the cloud infrastructure, data
imaging, and proprietary products and technology. Research and development costs recognized in the statement of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 301,907 and 329,452, respectively. 

Sales and Marketing 

Advertising and marketing
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising and marketing costs recognized in the statement of operations for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were 696,958 and 1,041,575, respectively. 

Stock-based Compensation 

The Company measures and recognizes
compensation expense for all stock-based payments at fair value over the requisite service period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to determine the weighted average fair value of options and warrants. Equity-based compensation expense is recorded
in administrative expenses based on the classification of the employee or vendor. The determination of fair value of stock-based payment
awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as by assumptions regarding a number
of subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards,
and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are not required to provide the information
required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

58 

ITEM 8-FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31,2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-7 to F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders of Brain Scientific,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Brain Scientific, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The Accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March 31, 2023 

3001
N. Rocky Point Dr. East Suite 200 Tampa, Florida 33607 813.367.3527 

F- 2 

Brain Scientific Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Advances to officers 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 
 -

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued director s fees 

Accrued interest 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Notes payable 
 -

Loans payable 

Notes payable - related party 

Derivative liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability, current portion 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Convertible notes payable, net 
 -

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Brain Scientific Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development 

Professional fees 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Share-based compensation 

General and administrative expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 -

Other income 

Change in fair market value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of paycheck protection loan 
 -

Gain on settlement of debt 
 
 -

Foreign currency transaction gain/(loss) 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic and diluted

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Brain Scientific Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2020 

- 

Recapitalization October 1, 2021 

-
 
 -

Fair value of stock options vested 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for services 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Fair value of stock options vested 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Conversion of convertible debt into common shares 

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for services 

-
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Brain
Scientific Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Amortization of debt discount and non-cash interest expense 

Change in fair market value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Goodwill impairment 
 
 -

Gain on forgiveness of paycheck protection loan 
 -

Gain on settlement of lease 
 
 -

Loss on disposal of assets 
 -

Fair value of stock options vested 

Common stock issued for services 
 -

Gain on settlement of debt 
 
 -

Amortization of long-term assets 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Advances to officers 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other long-term assets 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities, net 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 
 -

Proceeds from convertible notes payable, net of issuance costs 
 
 -

Proceeds from note payable 
 -

Repayment of related party loans 
 
 -

Repayment of convertible notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable and interest 
 
 -

Repayment of promissory note 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

- 
 
 NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 

CASH AT END OF THE YEAR 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Intangible assets recorded at acquisition 
 -

Goodwill recognized at acquisition 
 -

Shares issued for acquisition 
 -

Net assets assumed in merger 
 -

Accounts payable settled with share issuance 
 
 -

Convertible notes payable and accrued interest converted to common shares 
 
 -

Services received settled with derivative warrants 
 
 -

Convertible notes payable assumed at merger 
 -

Notes payable converted into convertible notes payable 
 -

Notes payable assumed in merger 
 -

Accrued interest converted into convertible notes payable 
 -

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

shares of the Company s
common stock and Piezo became the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. 

shares of the
Company s common stock. 

F- 7 

Right of use asset 

Lease liability 

Net Tangible Assets
 Acquired 

Intangible Assets Acquired: 

Licenses and trademarks 

Brain Scientific Trade Name 

MemoryMD Trade Name 

NeuroCap Trade Name 

Neuro EEG Trade Name 

Patent products 

NeuroCap Developed Technology 

NeuroEEG Developed Technology 

Net Intangible Assets
 Acquired 

Total Fair Value of
 Assets Acquired 

Consideration: 

Fair value of equity received 

Liabilities assumed 

Loans forgiven 

Total consideration 

Goodwill 

. 

F- 8 

per financial institution. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts with these
financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, in excess over the FDIC
insurance limit. 

F- 9 

to years. 

years 
 
 Licenses and trademarks 
 years 

F- 10 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

F- 11 

and , respectively, of anti-dilutive securities
were excluded from the computation. 

F- 12 

likely of being realized upon ultimate finalization with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes the impact
of an uncertain income tax position in the financial statements if it believes that the position is more likely than not to be sustained
by the relevant taxing authority. The Company will recognize interest and penalties related to tax positions in income tax expense. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no unrecognized uncertain income tax positions. 

in revenues, a net loss of
 and had net cash used in operations of . Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital
deficit, stockholders equity and accumulated deficit of , and , respectively. It is management s
opinion that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of
twelve months from the date of the issuance of these financial statements. 

Parts 

Finished goods 

Total 

F- 13 

Prepaid inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Other prepaid expenses 

Legal retainer 
 
 - 
 
 Lease deposits 

Other assets 
 -

Total 

and of long-term prepaid insurance, respectively. 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Licenses and trademarks 

Intangible assets 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Total 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 14 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Total 

of outstanding convertible debt. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company paid off ,
and signed an amendment to one of the debt agreements increasing the debt by , resulting in an outstanding balance of the assumed
convertible debt as of December 31, 2021 of . The assumed convertible debt is made up of the 2019 Note and the Convertible Grid
note whose terms are described below. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted the Grid Notes totaling 
into common stock, added of accrued interest to the 2019 Note principal as per an amendment to the agreement, and paid off 
of principal of the 2019 Note, resulting in a balance of at December 31, 2022. 

(the Note ), and a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock (the Warrant ). A one-time interest charge of was applied on December 31, 2019 and will be payable, along with
the Principal, on the maturity date. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company added accrued interest of to the 2019 Note principal as per an amendment to the agreement, and paid off of
principal of the 2019 Note, resulting in a balance of at December 31, 2022. 

which is equal to multiplied
by the price per share used in the merger calculations. 

F- 15 

of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion.
In the event the Company, prior to the maturity date of the Note, issues any Security (as defined in the Note) with any term more favorable
to the holder of such Security or with a term in favor of the holder of such Security that was not similarly provided to the Investor,
then at the Investor s option such term shall become a part of the Note. The Company also agreed to provide piggy-back registration
rights to the investor pursuant to which the Company shall include all shares issuable upon conversion of the Note on the next registration
statement the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

of the outstanding balance immediately prior to the event of default, and the conversion price of
the Note shall be redefined to equal of the lowest trade accruing during the 10 consecutive Trading Days (as defined in the Note)
immediately preceding the applicable Conversion Date (as defined in the Note). Nickolay Kukekov, a director of the Company, and a third
party, each has personally guaranteed the repayment of the Note. 

per share (the Exercise Price ), subject to adjustments as provided in the Warrant,
and has a term of . The Warrant contains a price-based anti-dilution provision, pursuant to which the exercise price of the
Warrant shall be reduced upon the occurrence of certain dilutive issuances of securities as set forth in the Warrant, with a corresponding
increase in the number of shares underlying the Warrant if the dilutive event occurs during the first three years of the Warrant, and
a cashless exercise provision. The exercise of the Warrant is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of of the number of
shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

(the Caleca Aggregate Advance ). The Company also issued to Caleca a common stock purchase warrant (the Caleca Warrant ),
granting Caleca the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at a per share exercise price of 
(subject to adjustment as set forth in the Caleca Warrant). 

(the Brown Aggregate Advance , and together with the Caleca Aggregate Advance, the Aggregate Advance ). The
Company also issued to Brown a common stock purchase warrant (the Brown Warrant , and together with the Caleca Warrant,
the Grid Warrants ), granting Brown the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at a per
share exercise price of (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Brown Warrant). The Grid Warrants are exercisable at any time
commencing on the eighteen-month anniversary of the issuance of the Grid Warrants (as may be accelerated pursuant to the terms of the
Grid Warrants) and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the issuance of the Grid Warrants. In 2021, the terms of the Grid Warrants
were amended extending the first date of exercise to October 21, 2022. 

per annum (subject to a rate increase if the Company commits an Event of Default (as defined
in the Grid Notes)), computed based on a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months, commencing on the date of the respective advance and payable
quarterly. The principal amount of the Aggregate Advance, or so much thereof as has been advanced to the Company by the Grid Investors
from time to time pursuant to the Grid Notes, was payable on April 21, 2021, which was amended to April 21, 2022. As of December 31, 2021,
the Company had a total outstanding principal balance of and accrued interest of , respectively. On April 20, 2022, the
Grid Notes and accrued interest were converted into shares of common stock. 

F- 16 

Due the issuance costs and the derivatives associated with the 2022 Notes (see below), the Company
recorded a debt discount of , which will be amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the loan. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded discount amortization in the form of interest expense in the amounts of .
The balance of the discount at December 31, 2022 was . 

, resulting in the listing
for trading of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Qualified Offering ), and on or prior
to December 13, 2028 (if no Qualified Offering has been consummated occurred on or prior to the maturity date of the 2022 Notes) or the
date that is five years and nine months following the closing of the Qualified Offering. 

per share or
(ii) of the average of the VWAP of the Company s Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period immediately prior to the
maturity date. 

F- 17 

convertible promissory notes due and payable on April 1, 2023 (the 2021 Notes ). As part
of the Offering, the Company exchanged the 2020 Notes and accrued interest as well as additional notes issued in 2021 with the same terms
as the 2020 Notes and their accrued interest amounting to , as well as of debt assumed in the merger into 2021 Notes.
At the merger, the Company also issued a convertible promissory note to an investor in the amount of with proceeds of 
net of an original issuance discount, with the same terms as the 2021 Notes. The balance of the debt discount at December 31, 2021 was
 . 

. 

. 

. As part of the issuance of the 2022 Notes,
all of the 2021 Notes and accrued interest, as well as an additional discount, was converted into shares of common stock. The holders
of the 2021 Notes, in connection with their original investment, will also be entitled to warrants based on coverage of their original
investment amount. These warrants will have a term of after issuance and an exercise price of per share. 

and , respectively. 

Exercise price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 

Risk free rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Discount rate 

PV factor 
 - 
 - 

F- 18 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Risk free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Movement in fair
 value 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

. Pursuant to the December Purchase Agreement, in connection with the issuance
of the December 28 Note, the Company issued common stock purchase warrants (separately, Warrant A and Warrant
B , and together, the December Warrants to the investor, allowing the investor to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s common stock, with Warrant A being a commitment fee of shares of common stock, and Warrant B being
fully earned upon issuance as an additional commitment fee of shares of common stock, provide that Warrant B is returnable to the
Company upon the repayment of the December 28 Note, as an additional incentive for the repayment of the December 28 Note. The net amount
received by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately after payment of certain fees to the investor
or on behalf of the investor. The December 28 Note bears interest commencing on the December 28 Issuance Date at a fixed rate of 
per annum on any unpaid principal balance, and will be payable, along with the principal amount, on December 28, 2021. 

commencing 180 days following
the Issue Date (as defined in the Note) and continuing thereafter each 30 days for 5 months. The Company recorded debt discount of 
related to the December 28 Note, which was fully amortized as of December 31, 2021. 

of interest, and to amend the payment terms to two equal payments
of due on February 28, 2022 and March 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid all of the outstanding
principal and interest. 

, subject to customary adjustments, and may be exercised at any time until the
three-year anniversary of the December Warrants. The December Warrants include a cashless exercise provision as set forth therein. 

of related party loans from entities related to the
former executives and directors of the Company. When assumed, these loans did not bear interest and had a maturity date of December 31,
2021. On March 9, 2022, the loans were amended to provide for an interest rate of per annum, and to extend the maturity dates to provide
for payments of with accrued interest on March 31, 2022 and June 1, 2022, and a payment of plus accrued interest on August
1, 2022. On May 6, 2022 the payment terms were further amended to payments of with accrued interest on May 31, 2022 and August
1, 2022, and a payment of plus accrued interest on October 1, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
repaid of the outstanding principal, and the balance at December 31, 2022 was . 

. Interest and payment terms have
not been determined. The USD equivalent at December 31, 2022 was . 

F- 19 

per month for year 1, per month for year 2 and per month for year 3. The Company
will account for the lease under ASC 842 whereby the operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the present
value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. 

years, with a weighted-average discount rate of . 

and which was included in General and administrative expenses, for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

Total undiscounted finance lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of finance lease liabilities 

. Supplemental balance sheet information related to the lease as
of December 31, 2022 was: 

Lease liability, current portion 

Lease liability, long-term 

Total operating lease
 liability 

shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value. As of December 31, 2022, no preferred
shares have been issued and these shares are considered blank check preferred shares with no terms, limitations, or rights associated
with them. 

shares
of common stock with a par value per share. The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock
held at the time of vote. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has shares outstanding. 

F- 20 

restricted shares under the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The shares were valued
as of the date of the grant at a fair value of per share or , which will be amortized over the vesting period. As a result
of the merger and contractual terms of the restricted share agreement, all the remaining unvested shares vested and the Company recorded
 in stock-based compensation. The Company issued shares of common stock and withheld shares in respect of tax withholdings. 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

-

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 
 
 Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

- 
 
 Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

of the Company s common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company has granted and has options outstanding, as well as shares of restricted common stock
issued under the 2018 Plan. On July 15, 2021 the Company s board of directors increased the number of shares of common stock authorized
for grant from to . 

The options will expire on May 19, 2032. The aggregate fair value of was calculated using the Black-Scholes
pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) expected life of years, (ii) volatility of , (iii) risk free rate of (iv)
dividend rate of , (v) stock price of , and (vi) exercise price of . The expense will be amortized over the vesting period
and a total of 167,799 was recorded since issuance and through December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock to certain employees of the Company. The options will expire on .
The aggregate fair value of was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) expected
life of 5 years, (ii) volatility of , (iii) risk free rate of (iv) dividend rate of , (v) stock price of , and (vi)
exercise price of 10.20. The expense will be amortized over the vesting period and a total of was recorded since issuance
and through December 31, 2022. 

F- 21 

Granted 

Forfeited 

) 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance Outstanding, December
 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 

Forfeited 

() 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Expired 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

will be amortized into the statement of operations consistent with the period for which
the services will be rendered. 

and in respect of this office, respectively. The total amount of rent expense paid to a related party was . 

. The loans bear no interest and are due on December 31, 2022. (see Note 12). 

of sales occurring through the distribution channels. The contract term is for . To date, we have paid LOK approximately
 for training platform development but no other service fees and no commissions. 

F- 22 

and , respectively that may be offset against future
taxable income. Of the total amount of available losses can be used to offset of The remaining losses have an infinite carry forward but can only reduce future taxable income a maximum of annually.
The Company has done an analysis of Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 382 ownership changes and determined that the Merger in 2021 created
a limitation event. Of the total outstanding NOL carry-forwards is subject to an annual IRC Sec 382 limitation of . 

Share-based compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Intangible assets 

Fixed assets 

Research and development 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 
 -
 
 -

State tax expense 

Acquired deferred tax assets 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Change in tax rate 

Amortization 

Other permanent items 

Prior year deferred asset adjustment 

Valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

of its medical devices for resale and distribution from Bioana, S.A.P.I. DE C.V. 

F- 23 

and extend the maturity
to . 

(i) Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of ;
and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, par value per share.. On March 31, 2023, the Company
consummated a second closing of a private placement offering whereby the Company sold to three accredited investors, for an aggregate
purchase price of , (i) Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of ;
and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, par value per share. The Debentures are due June
10, 2023 unless extended pursuant to the terms of the agreement. 

F- 24 

ITEM
9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

The reports of Accell Audit
 Compliance, P.A. on our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 did not contain an adverse or
disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except that such reports
included a going concern qualification. 

During the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and through December 1, 2021, there were (i) no disagreements between us and Accell Audit Compliance,
P.A. on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreement,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of Accell Audit Compliance, P.A., would have caused Accell Audit Compliance, P.A. to make
reference thereto in their reports on the consolidated financial statements for such years, and (ii) no reportable events 
as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

During the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, neither we nor anyone acting on our behalf consulted with Accell Audit Compliance, P.A. regarding (i)
the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed; (ii) the type of audit opinion that
might be rendered on our financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to us that Accell Audit 
Compliance, P.A. concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial
reporting issue; or (iii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(o)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K)
or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v))of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 filings are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours
are designed to do, and management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

59 

As
of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of December 31, 2022 due to limited resources for adequate personnel to prepare and file reports under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 within the required periods, and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our accounting
for complex equity transactions as described below under the heading Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting .
Management plans to remediate this weakness by taking the actions described below. 

Report of Management on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

We are responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our internal control system
is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

We have assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 

Based on this assessment,
management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting because
of the effect of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below. 

Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 2 defines a material weakness as a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies,
that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based upon this definition, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, a
material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting related to accounting for complex equity transactions. 

Specifically, we identified
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to the following matters: 

Limited policies and procedures that cover recording and reporting of financial transactions associated with the foreign subsidiary. 

A lack of sufficient personnel in the accounting function due to our limited resources resulting in lack of segregation of duties. The Company engages a third-party consultant to ensure the complete and proper application of generally accepted accounting principles, particularly as it relates to valuation of warrants and other complex debt /equity transactions. 

60 

Our plan to remediate those
material weaknesses is as follows: 

Improve the effectiveness of the accounting group by augmenting our existing resources with additional internal accounting staff to assist in the analysis and recording of transaction and for improved segregation of duties. We plan to mitigate this identified deficiency by hiring additional accounting staff once we generate significantly more revenue or raise significant additional working capital. 

Improve desired segregation procedures by strengthening cross approval of various functions including quarterly internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

Notwithstanding the assessment
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein,
we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows for the years covered thereby in all material respects. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller
reporting company and are not required to provide the report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in
our int ernal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required
by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified above. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION. 

Not applicable 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

61 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Hassan Kotob 
 
 59 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Daniel Cloutier 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Nickolay Kukekov 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Daniel MacKenzie 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas Olivier 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Hassan
Kotob, Chairman and CEO , combines over 35 years of experience in software and manufacturing senior management. He had been involved
in four companies in the computer hardware, medical records, publishing, and software industries holding positions including Executive
Chairman, President, and CEO, and board member. He has served as our Chairman and CEO since October 1, 2021.From 2020 Hassan Kotob was
the Chairman and CEO for Piezo Motion Corp., a precision motion company. From 2016 to 2018, he was Chairman and CEO and from 2011 to
2016 he was Executive Chairman and from 1997 to 2011 he was President and CEO for North Plains Systems Corp, Inc., a company involved
in enterprise marketing software. From 1996 to 1997, he was President of CText, Inc., a software company that focused on publishers.
From 1991 to 1997, he was President and CEO of Medasys Inc. a hardware and software company focused on electronic capture and transfer
of radiology images. Mr. Kotob is also currently a director of Piezo Motion Corp. He has an undergraduate degree and an MA from Eastern
Michigan University. The Company believes that Mr. Kotob is qualified to serve as a member of the Board of Directors due to his
previous experience in the MedTech field and managing a company in growth and markets. 

Daniel Cloutier, Director
and Chief Revenue Officer is also CEO and founder of LOK Corporation since 2008. He has served as a director of the Company
since November 15, 2021 and was appointed as the Chief Revenue Officer in November 2022. From 2003 to 2011, Mr. Cloutier was International
Sales Director of CAS Medical System (CASMED). From 2000 to 2002, he was Vice President of EMRN. Mr. Cloutier is also an advisory
council member of the Indian Business Organization for Global Investments, a member of the Board of Directors for the Independent Medical
Specialty Dealers Association, former Board Member of Neuro-France Implants and Luminor Medical Technologies. In 1991, Mr. Cloutier
graduated from HEC Montreal Business School. The Company believes that Mr. Cloutier is qualified to serve as a member of the Board
of Directors due to his extensive experience in healthcare and medical device product distribution. 

Nickolay V. Kukekov,
Director . Dr. Kukekov has been a member of MemoryMD s Board of Directors since September 2017, and a member of the Board
of the Company since the Closing of the MemoryMD Acquisition on September 21, 2018. Dr. Kukekov currently serves as the managing director
of HRA Capital (formerly Highline Research Advisors), a division of Corinthian Partners L.L.C. Prior to forming Highline Research Advisors
in 2012, Dr. Kukekov was the Managing Director of Healthcare Investment Banking at Summer Street Research from October 2010 to August
2012. In September 2009, Dr. Kukekov was a co-founder of the Healthcare Investment Banking group at Gilford Securities. From December
2007 to July 2009, Dr. Kukekov served as the managing director of Paramount BioCapital, where he ran the advisory, M A and capital
raising services for in-house private and public portfolio companies. Dr. Kukekov holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Molecular, Cellular
and Developmental Biology from the University of Colorado at Boulder and a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from Columbia University, College of
Physicians and Surgeons in New York. The Company believes that Dr. Kukekov is qualified to serve as a member of the Board of Directors
due to his extensive experience in healthcare and medical device investment banking. 

62 

Donald MacKenzie, Director ,
 has over 35 years of executive experience across various industries, including automotive, energy, equipment manufacturing, and technology.
He has served as a director since November 8, 2021. Co-founding Conway MacKenzie, Inc., a financial and operational advisory firm focused
on special situations, in 1987, he specialized in financial, operational and strategic turnaround and restructuring transactions. In 2019,
Mr. MacKenzie transitioned Conway MacKenzie through a business combination with Riveron Consulting, LP. He currently serves as the Vice
Chairman of Riveron s board of directors and serves on other, private company boards. Mr. MacKenzie is a Certified Turnaround Professional,
Certified Public Accountant and has a degree in accounting from Michigan State University. The Company believes that Mr. MacKenzie is
qualified to serve as a member of the Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in financial, operational and strategic consulting
across industries, including manufacturing and technology. 

Thomas Olivier, Director ,
combines over 25 years of technology industry experience as an investment banker, entrepreneur and corporate legal advisor. He has served
as a director since November 8, 2021. He joined Arrowroot Capital in 2021 as a Managing Director and is currently President and Chief
Financial Officer of Arrowroot Acquisition Corp. (Ticker: ARRW). From 2001 to 2021, Mr. Oliver held Managing Director positions at Houlihan
Lokey, Pacific Crest Securities/Key Bank and Morgan Keegan Technology Group. He practiced corporate law as co-General Counsel of iOptions
from 2000 to 2001 and as a Corporate Associate with Testa, Hurwitz Thibeault from 1997 to 2000. He has an undergraduate degree from
Boston College and a Juris Doctor degree from George Washington University. The Company believes that Mr. Cloutier is qualified to serve
as a member of the Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in investment banking. 

Bonnie-Jeanne
Gerety, Chief Financial Officer , brings over 35 years of financial and consulting experience within the technology industry. She
has served as our chief financial officer since October 1, 2021. She joined Piezo Motion in early 2020 as the Chief Financial Officer.
Prior to that, she was the Chief Financial Officer of North Plains, LLC from 2014 through 2019. Her previous experience was as a Managing
Director at Protivti, responsible for the Atlanta and Raleigh offices from 2004 to 2014. Prior to Protiviti, she was a Managing Director
at BearingPoint from 2002 to 2004 and a Partner in the consulting division of Arthur Andersen, LLP specializing in technology, media and
communications industries from 1986 to 2002. Her undergraduate degree is from Georgetown University, School of Foreign Service and MBA
from University of South Florida. She is a CPA in the state of Georgia. 

There are no family relationships
between any of our officers and directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors,
or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years that resulted in a judgment, decree, or final
order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding
of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. Each of our
executive officers and directors has informed us that he or she, as the case may be, has not been involved in any of the events specified
in clauses (1) through (8) of Regulation S-K, Item 401(f). Except as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Transactions with Related Persons, none of our directors, director
nominees, or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates,
or associates that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The Board oversees our business
and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The Board currently implements its risk oversight function
as a whole. As such, it is important for us to have our Chief Executive Officer serve on the Board as he plays key roles in the risk oversight
of our Company. Each of the Board committees also provides risk oversight in respect of its areas of concentration and report material
risks to the Board for further consideration. 

63 

Board Committees 

Our Board has established
the following three standing committees: audit committee (the Audit Committee compensation committee (the Compensation
Committee and nominating and governance committee (the Nominating Committee ). Each of our independent directors,
Nickolay Kukekov, Donald MacKenzie, and Thomas Olivier, will serve on each committee. Our Board will adopt written charters for each of
these committees. Our Board may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee, among
other things, is responsible for: 

appointing; approving the compensation of; overseeing the work of; and assessing the independence, qualifications, and performance of the independent auditor; 

reviewing the internal audit function, including its independence, plans, and budget; 

approving, in advance, audit and any permissible non-audit services performed by our independent auditor; 

reviewing our internal controls with the independent auditor, the internal auditor, and management; 

reviewing the adequacy of our accounting and financial controls as reported by the independent auditor, the internal auditor, and management; 

overseeing our financial compliance system; and 

overseeing our major risk exposures regarding the Company s accounting and financial reporting policies, the activities of our internal audit function, and information technology. 

The Board has affirmatively
determined that each prospective member of the Audit Committee meets the additional independence criteria applicable to audit committee
members under SEC rules and Nasdaq listing rules. The Board has adopted a written charter setting forth the authority and responsibilities
of the Audit Committee. The Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate, and that
Donald MacKenzie meets the qualifications of an Audit Committee financial expert under the rules promulgated by the SEC. 

The Audit Committee consists
of Nickolay Kukekov, Thomas Olivier and Donald MacKenzie. Donald MacKenzie chairs the Audit Committee. We believe that the functioning
of the Audit Committee complies with the applicable requirements of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq listing rules and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee
is responsible for: 

reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the compensation of our officers and directors, including the CEO; 

overseeing and administering the Company s executive compensation plans, including equity-based awards; 

negotiating and overseeing employment agreements with officers and directors; and 

overseeing how the Company s compensation policies and practices may affect the Company s risk management practices and/or risk-taking incentives. 

64 

The Board has adopted a written
charter setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee. 

The Compensation Committee
consists of Donald MacKenzie, Nickolay Kukekov and Thomas Olivier. Thomas Oliver will serve as chairman of the Compensation Committee.
The Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the independence criteria applicable to compensation
committee members under SEC rules and Nasdaq listing rules. The Company believes that the composition of the Compensation Committee meets
the requirements for independence under, and the functioning of such Compensation Committee will comply with, any applicable requirements
of the rules and regulations of Nasdaq listing rules and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, among other things, is responsible for: 

reviewing and assessing the development of the executive officers and considering and making recommendations to the Board regarding promotion and succession issues; 

evaluating and reporting to the Board on the performance and effectiveness of the directors, committees and the Board as a whole; 

working with the Board to determine the appropriate and desirable mix of characteristics, skills, expertise and experience, including diversity considerations, for the full Board and each committee; 

annually presenting to the Board a list of individuals recommended to be nominated for election to the Board; 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes to the Company s corporate governance principles and committee charters; 

recommending to the Board individuals to be elected to fill vacancies and newly created directorships; 

overseeing the Company s compliance program, including the code of business conduct and ethics; and 

overseeing and evaluating how the Company s corporate governance and legal and regulatory compliance policies and practices, including leadership, structure, and succession planning, may affect the Company s major risk exposures. 

The Board has adopted a written
charter setting forth the authority and responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee consists of Donald MacKenzie, Nickolay Kukekov and Thomas Oliver. Thomas Olivier will serve as chairperson. The Board
has determined that each member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is independent within the meaning of the independent
director guidelines of Nasdaq listing rules. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of the Company s
executive officers serves, or in the past has served, as a member of the Board or the Compensation Committee, or other committee serving
an equivalent function, of any entity that has one or more executive officers who serve as members of the Board or its Compensation Committee.
None of the members of the Compensation Committee is, or has ever been, an officer or employee of the company. 

The Company s executive
compensation program is administered by the Board, which determines the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and other executive
officers of the Company. In reviewing the compensation of the individual executive officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer),
the Board considers the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer, published compensation surveys and current market conditions. 

65 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. 

Based solely on our review
of the copies of such Forms and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filings required to be made
by our Section 16(a) reporting persons during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were made on a timely basis, other than: The Forms
3 filed by Thomas Olivier, Farid Anthony, Daniel Cloutier and Manchester Management Co LLC, and Forms 4 filed by (i) Hassan Kotob and
Nickolay Kukekov for the October 1, 2021 options grant; and (ii) Nickolay Kukekov, Daniel Cloutier, Donald MacKenzie, Thomas Olivier and
Farid Anthony for the December 10, 2021 options grant. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, our principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. See Exhibit 14.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Director Independence 

We use the definition of independence 
of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. In making the determination of whether a member of the board is independent, our
board also considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate family and the Company,
including those reported under the caption Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions . The purpose of this
review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that
the directors are independent. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than
an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the Company s Board,
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules
provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

The director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; 

The director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including, among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

A family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company; 

The director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

The director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

The director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any time during the past three years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. 

Under such definitions, Hassan
Kotob and Daniel Cloutier are not independent directors and Nickolay Kukekov, Thomas Oliver and Donald MacKenzie are independent directors. 

66 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth
information regarding each element of compensation that was paid or awarded to the named executive officers of the Company for the periods
indicated. 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Hassan Kotob 
 2022 (1) 
 418,077 
 275,000 
 - 
 2,275,861 
 - 
 - 
 2,968,938 
 
 Chairman and CEO 
 2021 (1) 
 390,000 
 250,000 
 - 
 1,341,586 
 - 
 23,318 
 2,004,904 

Boris (Baruch) Goldstein 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chairman and EVP 
 2021 
 90,000 
 - 
 - 
 564,528 
 - 
 - 
 654,528 

Mark Broderick 
 2022 (2) 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 250,000 
 
 President, Piezo Motion Corp. 
 2021 (2) 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,196 
 274,196 

Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 
 2022 
 201,462 
 - 
 - 
 179,746 
 - 
 - 
 381,208 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 (3) 
 180,000 
 20,000 
 - 
 102,857 
 - 
 - 
 302,857 

Todd Eckler 
 2022 
 40,768 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 40,768 
 
 Former Chief Revenue Officer 
 2021 (4) 
 200,000 
 20,000 
 - 
 102,857 
 - 
 3,075 
 325,932 

Farid Anthony 
 2022 (5) 
 172,115 
 - 
 - 
 3,890 
 - 
 - 
 176,005 
 
 Former Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 175,000 
 - 
 - 
 102,857 
 - 
 1,111 
 278,968 

Nicolas Copley 
 2022 (6) 
 86,843 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 86,843 
 
 Former Product and Innovation, Piezo Motion Corp. 
 2021 (6) 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 150,000 

(1) 
 The balance of Hassan Kotob s 2021 bonus accrual in the amount of 145,833 was included in outstanding liabilities at December 31, 2022 

(2) 
 Part of Mark Broderick s salary for 2021, amounting to 57,692 was accrued and is an outstanding liability at December 31, 2022 

(3) 
 Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety was a consultant until June 1, 2021. 

(4) 
 Todd Eckler was a consultant until February 15, 2021. Todd Eckler served as the Chief Revenue Officer until February 11, 2022. 

(5) 
 
 Farid Anthony served as the Chief Technology Officer
 until December 30, 2022. 

(6) 
 Nicolas Copley served as Chief Product and Innovation Officer, until June 15, 2022. 

67 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table presents
the outstanding equity awards held by each of the named directors and executive officers as of the end of the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or 
 Options of Stock Not Having Vested 
 Value of Shares or Options of Stock Not Having Vested 
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, 
 Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Options or Other Rights 
 
 Hassan 
Kotob 
 29,439 
 - 
 29.75 
 10/1/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

14,332 
 - 
 17.85 
 10/21/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

14,332 
 - 
 17.85 
 12/10/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

5,353 
 3,823 
 26.35 
 5/19/2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

269,776 
 - 
 10.20 
 8/19/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Daniel Cloutier 
 4,260 
 - 
 24.65 
 12/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

3,584 
 - 
 10.20 
 8/19/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nickolay Kukekov 
 197 
 - 
 126.65 
 1/26/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

23,551 
 
 29.75 
 10/1/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

4,260 
 - 
 24.65 
 12/10/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

3,584 
 - 
 10.20 
 8/19/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Donald MacKenzie 
 4,260 
 - 
 24.65 
 12/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

3,584 
 - 
 10.20 
 8/19/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Thomas Olivier 
 4,260 
 - 
 24.65 
 12/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

3,584 
 - 
 10.20 
 8/19/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Farid 
Anthony (1) 
 - 
 5,602 
 0.21 
 12/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Todd Eckler (2) 
 - 
 5,602 
 0.21 
 12/10/2030 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 
 5,602 
 - 
 17.85 
 12/10/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

1,716 
 1,225 
 26.35 
 5/19/2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

15,214 
 - 
 10.20 
 8/19/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards 

In August 2018, our board
of directors adopted and the stockholders approved the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. There were 92,461 outstanding equity awards granted
under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

In May 2022, our board of
directors adopted the Brain Scientific Inc. 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). In June 2022, the stockholders
approved the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 551,471 shares of our common stock through the grant of non-qualified
options, incentive options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and other equity-based awards to directors,
officers, consultants, attorneys, advisors and employees. The 2022 Plan became effective on August 12, 2022. There were 303,390 outstanding
equity awards granted under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

68 

Non-Executive Director Compensation 

The following Director Compensation
Table sets forth information concerning compensation for services rendered to our independent directors for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Daniel Cloutier 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 
 
 Nickolay Kukekov 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 
 
 Donald MacKenzie 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 
 
 Thomas Olivier 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 27,647 

(1) 
 Amounts shown reflect aggregate grant date fair value and, where applicable, incremental fair value as of modification date, of awards and do not reflect whether the recipient actually has realized a financial benefit from such grant, such as by exercising the options or selling the stock. 

Employment Agreements 

Hassan Kotob 

On October 1, 2021, the Company
and Mr. Kotob entered into an employment agreement (the Kotob Employment Agreement as the Executive Chairman and CEO. Under
the Kotob Employment Agreement, Mr. Kotob will receive an initial annual base salary of 390,000, which shall be reviewed annually and
may be increased, but not decreased, by the Board of Directors. In addition, Mr. Kotob shall receive a minimum bonus of 250,000 as an
annual cash or equity bonus based upon the achievement of milestones as are to be determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Kotob shall
also be entitled to participate in any stock option, performance share, performance unit or other equity based long-term incentive compensation
plan, program or arrangement generally made available to senior executive officers of the Company. On August 10, 2022, the Board approved
an increase in Mr. Kotob s base salary to 450,000 and in his minimum bonus to 300,000. 

In the event Mr. Kotob s
employment is terminated due to his death, or disability, is terminated by the Company for cause, or is terminated by Mr. Kotob without
good reason, Mr. Kotob will be paid his base salary that has been accrued prior to termination of employment and which has not yet been
paid, and any accrued bonus previously earned by Mr. Kotob that has not yet paid. 

In the event Mr. Kotob s
employment is terminated without cause or by Mr. Kotob for good reason, then in addition to the accrued obligations stated above, Mr.
Kotob will receive a payment in the amount equal to the greater of: (i) his then-current base salary until such date that is the later
of (A) three (3) year anniversary of the date of the contract and (B) twelve (12) month anniversary of the effective date of the termination,
less customary and required taxes and employment-related deductions, paid in one lump sum amount within thirty (30) days following the
effective date of termination. Further, Mr. Kotob shall receive payment of a severance bonus in an amount equal to a pro rata portion
of the target annual bonus to which Mr. Kotob may have been entitled for the year in which his employment terminates, less customary and
required taxes and employment -related deductions, paid in one lump sum amount within thirty (30) days following the effective date of
termination of employment. 

The Kotob Employment Agreement
contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation provisions in favor of the Company. Mr. Kotob also agreed to customary terms regarding
confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. 

69 

Mark Broderick 

On June 1, 2020, DTI Motion
Corp. (now known as Piezo Motion Corp.) and Mark Broderick entered into an employment agreement (the Broderick Employment
Agreement as the President of DTI Motion Corp. Under the Broderick Employment Agreement, Dr. Broderick will receive an initial
annual base salary of 250,000, which shall be reviewed annually and may be increased, but not decreased, by the Board of Directors. In
addition, Dr. Broderick may earn a bonus as an annual cash or equity bonus based upon the achievement of milestones as are to be determined
by the CEO. Dr. Broderick shall also be entitled to participate in any stock option, performance share, performance unit or other equity
based long-term incentive compensation plan, program or arrangement generally made available to senior executive officers of the Company. 

In the event Dr. Broderick s
employment is terminated due to his death or disability, is terminated by the Company for cause, or is terminated by Dr. Broderick without
good reason, Dr. Broderick will be paid his base salary that has been accrued prior to termination of employment and which has not yet
been paid, and any accrued bonus previously earned by Dr. Broderick and not yet paid. 

In the event Dr. Broderick s
employment is terminated without cause or by Dr. Broderick for good reason, then in addition to the accrued obligations stated above,
Dr. Broderick will receive a payment in the amount equal to the greater of (i)his then-current base salary until such date that is the
later of (A) three (3) year anniversary of the date of the contract and (B) twelve (12) month anniversary of the effective date of the
termination, less customary and required taxes and employment-related deductions, paid in one lump sum amount within thirty (30) days
following the effective date of termination 

The Broderick Employment Agreement
contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation provisions in favor of the Company. Dr. Broderick also agreed to customary terms
regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. 

Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 

On June 1, 2020, Piezo Motion
Corp. and Ms. Gerety entered into an employment agreement (the Gerety Employment Agreement as the Chief Financial Officer
of DTI Motion Corp. Under the Gerety Employment Agreement, Ms. Gerety received an initial annual base salary of 180,000 which was increased
to 210,000 as of April 1, 2022. Her annual base salary is subject to annual review and may be increased, but not decreased by more than
10 , by the Board of Directors. In addition, Ms. Gerety may earn a bonus of 20 of base salary as an annual cash or equity bonus based
upon the achievement of milestones as are to be determined by the CEO. Ms. Gerety shall also be entitled to participate in any stock option,
performance share, performance unit or other equity based long-term incentive compensation plan, program or arrangement generally made
available to senior executive officers of the Company. Pursuant to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company issued to Ms. Gerety options
to purchase 5,602 shares on December 10, 2021 at an exercise price of 17.85, which options shall vest ratably on a quarterly basis over
the following year and options to purchase an additional 15,214 shares of common stock on August 10, 2022 with an exercise price of 10.20,
which options vested immediately. 

In the event Ms. Gerety s
employment is terminated due to her death or disability, is terminated by the Company for cause, or is terminated by Ms. Gerety without
good reason, Ms. Gerety will be paid her base salary that has accrued prior to termination of employment and which has not yet been paid,
and any accrued bonus previously earned by Ms. Gerety and not yet paid. 

In the event Ms. Gerety s
employment is terminated without cause or by Ms. Gerety for good reason, then in addition to the accrued obligations stated above, Ms.
Gerety will receive a payment in an amount equal to 50 of her annual salary, payable in equal installments on the regular salary payment
dates. 

The Gerety Employment Agreement
contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation provisions in favor of the Company. Ms. Gerety also agreed to customary terms
regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. 

70 

Limits on Liability and Indemnification 

We provide directors and officers
insurance for our current directors and officers. 

Our certificate of incorporation
eliminates the personal liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our certificate of incorporation further provides
that we will indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. We believe that this indemnification covers
at least negligence on the part of the indemnified parties. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be
permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons under the foregoing provisions or otherwise, we have been advised that in
the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
of 1933 and is therefore unenforceable. 

Rule 10b5-1 Sales Plans 

Our directors and executive
officers may adopt written plans, known as Rule 10b5-1 plans, in which they will contract with a broker to buy or sell shares of our common
stock on a periodic basis. Under a Rule 10b5-1 plan, a broker executes trades pursuant to parameters established by the director or officer
when entering into the plan, without further direction from them. The director or officer may amend a Rule 10b5-1 plan in some circumstances
and may terminate a plan at any time. Our directors and executive officers also may buy or sell additional shares outside of a Rule 10b5-1
plan when they are not in possession of material non-public information subject to compliance with the terms of our insider trading policy. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table shows
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 held by (i) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more
than five percent (5 of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each executive officer; and (iv) all directors and executive officers
as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and generally includes voting power and/or investment power with respect to the securities held.
Shares of common stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or which may become exercisable within 60 days of March 31,
2023 are deemed outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding such options or warrants for purposes of computing the number
of shares and percentage beneficially owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially
owned by any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, the persons or entities named have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of our common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

The following table provides
for percentage ownership assuming 1,242,647 shares are issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Number of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 5 Stockholders 

James Besser (1) 
 680,307 
 47.1 
 
 High Technology Capital (2) 
 121,775 
 9.7 
 
 Christopher Davis (3) 
 104,199 
 8.2 
 
 Executives, Officers and Directors 

Hassan Kotob (4) 
 424,208 
 26.9 
 
 Nickolay Kukekov (5) 
 66,117 
 5.2 
 
 Daniel Cloutier (6) 
 7,844 

Donald MacKenzie (6) 
 7,844 

Tom Olivier (6) 
 7,844 

Farid Anthony (6) 
 6,106 

Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety (6) 
 23,757 
 1.9 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 543,720 
 32.6 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Includes (i) 229,944 shares of Common Stock and 98,278 warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock held by Manchester Explorer LP, (ii) 94,456 shares of Common Stock and 50,555 warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock held by James Besser, and (iii) 150,787 shares of Common Stock and 56,287 warrants to purchase share of Common Stock held by Jeb Partners L.P. As a managing member of Jeb Partners L.P. and Manchester Explorer LP, Mr. Besser has voting and dispositive control of shares owned by the LP. Mr. Besser disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(2) 
 Includes (i) 79,400 shares of Common Stock held by High Technology
Capital Fund LP LP and (ii) warrants to purchase 23,551 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 18,824 shares of
Common stock held by Dr. Goldstein. Dr. Goldstein is the manager of High Technology Capital Management LLC LLC ), the general
partner of LP. As the manager of the LLC, Dr. Goldstein has voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by the LP. Dr. Goldstein
disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. High Technology Capital Management
LLC is located at 100 U.N. Plaza, New York, New York 10017. 

71 

(3) 
 Includes (i) 75,390 shares of Common Stock; and (ii) 28,809 warrants to purchase shares of common stock. 

(4) 
 Includes 87,153 shares of Common Shares held in the Hassan Kotob Revocable Trust which is managed by Hassan Kotob, Chairman and CEO. Also includes options to purchase 337,055 shares of Common Stock which are exercisable within 60 days of the date of March 31, 2023. The address is 40209 Fischer Island, Miami Beach, Florida 33109. 

(5) 
 Includes 28,240 shares of Common Stock; (ii) 5,106 warrants to purchase
Common Stock held by Lifestyle Healthcare LLC; (iii) 1,176 warrants to purchase share of Common stock, and (iv) options to purchase 31,592
shares of Common Stock held by Dr. Kukekov. Dr. Kukekov disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by Lifestyle Healthcare
LLC except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(6) 
 Represents shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of vested options. 

Securities Authorized for
Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

In August 2018, our board
of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, we may grant
equity-based incentive awards, including options, restricted stock, and other stock-based awards, to any directors, employees, advisers,
and consultants that provide services to us or any of our subsidiaries on terms and conditions that are from time to time determined by
us. An aggregate of up to 94,118 shares of our common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan. The purpose of the 2018 Plan
is to provide financial incentives for selected directors, employees, advisers, and consultants of the Company and/or its subsidiaries,
thereby promoting the long-term growth and financial success of the Company. The board of directors believes that the 2018 Plan will serve
a critical role in attracting and retaining high caliber employees, consultants and directors. The table below sets forth information
as of December 31, 2022, with respect to compensation plans under which our common stock is authorized for issuance. 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 92,461 
 31.69 
 388 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 92,461 
 31.69 
 388 

In May 2022, our board of
directors adopted, and our stockholders approved our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, we may grant equity-based
incentive awards, including options, restricted stock, and other stock-based awards, to any directors, employees, advisers, and consultants
that provide services to us or any of our subsidiaries on terms and conditions that are from time to time determined by us. An aggregate
of up to 304,082 shares of our common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan. The purpose of the 2022 Plan is to provide
financial incentives for selected directors, employees, advisers, and consultants of the Company and/or its subsidiaries, thereby promoting
the long-term growth and financial success of the Company. The board of directors believes that the 2022 Plan will serve a critical role
in attracting and retaining high caliber employees, consultants and directors. The table below sets forth information as of December 31,
2022, with respect to compensation plans under which our common stock is authorized for issuance. 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 303,390 
 10.20 
 248,081 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 303,390 
 10.20 
 248,081 

72 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The following is a summary
of transactions since January 1, 2021 to which we have been or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 125,594
(one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for our last two completed fiscal years) and in which any of our directors,
executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of any class of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person
sharing a household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements
that are described under the section captioned Executive compensation. 

Other than as disclosed below,
there have been no transactions involving the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transactions,
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s
total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. 

On November 12, 2021, we entered
into a Representation Agreement with LOK Corporation International Inc. LOK ), a corporation in which Daniel Cloutier, one
of our officers and directors, serves as the chief executive officer. Under the Representation Agreement, LOK acts as an international
sales manager for our NeuroCap and Neurology products and accessories. To date, we have paid LOK approximately 6,250 for training
platform development and attendance at a sales seminar but no other service fees and no commissions. 

See
Item 11. Executive Compensation above for other related party transactions involving our executive officers and directors. 

Related Person Transaction Policy 

The Board reviews, approves
and oversees any transaction between us and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis,
in accordance with our policies and procedures, and develops policies and procedures for the approval of related party transactions. Prior
to consideration of a transaction with a related person, the material facts as to the related person s relationship or interest in the
transaction are disclosed to the disinterested directors. The transaction is not approved unless a majority of the members of the Board
who are not interested in the transaction approve the transaction. The Board takes into account, among other factors that it deems appropriate,
whether the related person transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available in a transaction with an unrelated
third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person s interest in the related person transaction.
Our current policy with respect to approval of related person transactions is not set forth in writing. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The Board has selected the
independent accounting firm of . Accell to audit the financial statements of the Company
for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

The Board received the following
information concerning the fees of the independent accountants for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, has considered whether
the provision of these services is compatible with independence of the independent accountants, and concluded that it is: 

Year Ended 

12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 112,625 
 51,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Audit fees represents fees for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and reviews of the interim consolidated financial statements, and review of audit-related SEC filing. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Our board of directors has
not yet adopted a policy on pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services. 

73 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements 

Our financial statements as
set forth in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements attached hereto commencing on page F-1 are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b) Exhibits 

The following exhibits, which
are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K, are filed herewith or, as noted, incorporated by reference herein. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among Brain Scientific Inc., ASGI Acquisition Company and Memory MD, Inc. dated as of September 21, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 2.2

Agreement
 and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among the Registrant, Piezo Motion Corp. and BASF Acquisition Inc. dated June 11, 2021
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16,
 2021) 
 
 2.3

Amendment dated October 1, 2021 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated June 11,2021 by and among the Registrant, Piezo Motion Corp. And BRSF Acquisition Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Certificate of Merger of BRSF Acquisition Inc. into Piezo Motion Corp. filed October 1,2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 3(i) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Brain Scientific Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018) 
 
 3(ii) 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Brain Scientific Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2019). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (October 2021) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Registrant Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Patent Assignment and License Back Agreement, dated May 2018, by and among Boris Goldstein, Dmitriy Prilutskiy, Stanislav Zabodaev, Memory MD, Inc. and (c) Medical Computer Systems Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2018, between Brain Scientific Inc. and Amer Samad (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Sublease Agreement dated as of May 9, 2017 by and between Memory MD, Inc. and Nano Graphene Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 10.4 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement pursuant to 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2019) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2019) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Convertible Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2020) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Non-Convertible Promissory Note dated February 21, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2020) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Allonge to Convertible Promissory Note dated February 28, 2020 130,000) (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2020) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Allonge to Convertible Promissory Note dated February 28, 2020 100,000) (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2020) 
 
 10.14 

Boris Goldstein Employment Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2020) 
 
 10.15 

Vadim Sakharov Employment Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2020) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Convertible Grid Promissory Note, dated April 21, 2020, issued to Thomas J. Caleca (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020) 

10.17 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 21, 2020, issued to Thomas J. Caleca (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020) 

74 

10.18 
 
 Convertible Grid Promissory Note, dated April 21, 2020, issued to Andrew Brown (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 21, 2020, issued to Andrew Brown (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Allonge to Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2020) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Allonge to Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2020) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Allonge to Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2020) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.24 
 
 8 Convertible Redeemable Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Warrant A) (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Warrant B) (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2020) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Allonge #2 to Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2020) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Allonge to Non-Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2020) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2021) 
 
 10.32 
 
 12 Senior Secured Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2021) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Warrant A) (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2021) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Warrant B) (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2021) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Security Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2021) 

75 

10.36 
 
 Allonge #3 to Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2021) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Allonge #2 to Non-Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2021) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Allonge to Convertible Grid Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2021) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Allonge to Convertible Grid Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2021) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Allonge to Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2021) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Loan Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2021) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Allonge #3 to Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Allonge #2 to Promissory Note in favor of ProudLiving, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Allonge #2 to Promissory Note in favor of John Silvestri (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Allonge #2 to Promissory Note in favor of Len P. Mertz (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Allonge #2 to Promissory Note in favor of Leonard Mazur (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2021) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2021) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2021) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Allonge #4 to Convertible Note with Vista Capital Investments, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 23, 2021) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Allonge #3 with Auctus Fund LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Allonge #5 with Vista Capital Investments, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Allonge #6 with Vista Capital Investments, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2021) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated October 1, 2021 between the Registrant and MemoryMD, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 10.54 
 
 Form of 10 Convertible Promissory Note (October 2021) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2021 between the Registrant and Hassan Kotob (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Assignment Agreement dated September 28, 2021 between MemoryMD, Inc. and Boris Goldstein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Assignment Agreement dated September 30, 2021 between MemoryMD, Inc. Vadim Sakharov and (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Form Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2021) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Form Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2021) 

76 

10.60 
 
 Form Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2021) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Form Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2022) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Form Convertible Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2022) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Form Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2022) 
 
 10.64 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 1, 2021 between the Registrant and Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.65 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 1, 2020 between the Registrant and Mark Broderick (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.66 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 20, 2018 between the Registrant and Nicholas Copley (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 

10.67 
 
 Form Debenture (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2023) 
 
 10.68 
 
 Form Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2023) 
 
 10.69 
 
 Form Letter Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2023) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2020) 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Sadler, Gibb Associates LLC, dated December 2, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2021) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2018) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of , Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Press Release dated January 21, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2021) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Press Release dated March 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2021) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Press Release dated March 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2021) 
 
 99.4 
 
 Press Release dated March 31, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2021) 

Press Release dated May 24, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2021) 
 
 99.5 
 
 Press Release dated June 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2021) 
 
 99.6 
 
 Press Release dated October 4, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2021) 
 
 99.7 
 
 Presentation Material (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021) 
 
 99.8 
 
 Press Release, dated November 10, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2021) 
 
 99.9 
 
 Audited Financial Information of Piezo Motion Corp as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 15, 2021) 
 
 99.10 
 
 Unaudited Financial Information of Piezo Motion for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 15, 2021) 
 
 99.11 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information of Brain Scientific Inc. and Piezo Motion Corp. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 15, 2021) 
 
 99.12 
 
 Presentation Material (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BRAIN SCIENTIFIC INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Hassan Kotob 

Hassan Kotob 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Hassan Kotob 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Hassan Kotob 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Nickolay Kukekov 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Nickolay Kukekov 

/s/ Daniel Cloutier. 
 
 Director and Chief Revenue Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Daniel Cloutier 

/s/ Donald MacKenzie 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Donald MacKenzie 

/s/ Thomas Olivier 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Thomas Olivier 

78 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-4_brainscienti.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Set forth below is the
description of each class of securities of Brain Scientific Inc. (the Company outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The
following description summarizes the most important terms of these securities. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by the provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, copies
of which have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference into the Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. You should refer to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Amended and
Restated Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statues for a complete description. 

Common stock, par value
 0.001 per share (the Common Stock is the only class of our securities currently registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Our Common Stock is listed on the OTC Markets under the symbol BRSF. 

Capitalization 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 750,000,000
shares of Common Stock, and 10,000,000 share of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Common Stock 

Dividend Rights 

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares
of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our Common Stock may, receive dividends out of funds legally available if our
Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our Board may determine. We
have not paid any dividends on our Common Stock and do not contemplate doing so in the foreseeable future. 

Voting Rights 

Each stockholder is entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock held by such shareholder. 

No Preemptive or Similar
Rights 

Our Common Stock is not
entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Right to Receive Liquidation
Distributions 

Holders of common stock are entitled to dividends
when, and if, declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore; and then, only after all preferential dividends
have been paid on any outstanding Preferred Stock. The Company does not presently contemplate the payment of any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. 

Transfer Agent and
Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Common
Stock is Vstock Transfer, LLC with an address at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. Their phone number is 212-828-8436. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_brainscienti.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Hassan Kotob, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of
Brain Scientific Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Hassan Kotob 

Name: 
 Hassan Kotob 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_brainscienti.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of
Brain Scientific Inc. ; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 

Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial
Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_brainscienti.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter
63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Brain Scientific Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Hassan Kotob, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company , does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) that: 

(1) The Report of the Company
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Hassan Kotob 

Hassan Kotob 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Brain Scientific Inc. and will be retained by Brain Scientific Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_brainscienti.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter
63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Brain Scientific Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), for the period ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section
1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) that: 

(1) The Report of the Company
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 

Bonnie-Jeanne Gerety 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Brain Scientific Inc. and will be retained by Brain Scientific Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 brsf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 22
 brsf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 brsf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 brsf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 brsf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

