<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_764764_0000764764-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15369961</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>166890</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3015615</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6011985</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2968684</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2895136</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000764764-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215104253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000764764-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CATERPILLAR FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000764764
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		IRS NUMBER:				371105865
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11241
		FILM NUMBER:		23634144

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2120 WEST END AVE
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6153411000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2120 WEST END AVENUE
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000764764-23-000016.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 cfsc-20221231.htm
 10-K

cfsc-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 
 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 

OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 
 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________. 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 
 or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 The Registrant is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc. and meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K, and is therefore filing this Form with the reduced disclosure format. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 As of February 15, 2023, share of common stock of the registrant was outstanding, which is owned by Caterpillar Inc. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 4 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 14 Item 2. 
 Properties 14 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 14 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 14 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 14 Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 15 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 27 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 27 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 27 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 28 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 28 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 28 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 29 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 29 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 31 
 Item omitted because no answer is called for or item is not applicable. 

3 

PART I 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be considered forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may relate to future events or our future financial performance, which may involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. From time to time, we may also provide forward-looking statements in oral presentations to the public or in other materials we issue to the public. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events about the company. You may identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate to historical or current facts and may use words such as believes, expects, estimates, anticipates, will, should, plan, forecast, target, guide, project, intend, could and similar words or phrases. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially due to factors that affect international businesses, including the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in economic conditions including but not limited to inflation, disruptions in the global financial and credit markets, and changes in laws, regulations and political stability, as well as factors specific to Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation Cat Financial and the markets we serve, including the market s acceptance of our products and services, the creditworthiness of our customers, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations and estimated residual values of leased equipment. These risk factors may not be exhaustive. We operate in a continually changing business environment, and new risk factors emerge from time to time. We cannot predict these new risk factors, nor can we assess the impact, if any, of these new risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. All of the forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the captions Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K and could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Cat Financial undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You may, however, consult any related disclosures we may make in our subsequent Form 10-Q and Form 8-K reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation was organized in 1981 in the State of Delaware (together with its subsidiaries, Cat Financial, the Company, we or our ). We are a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc. (together with its other subsidiaries, Caterpillar or Cat and our corporate headquarters is located in Nashville, Tennessee. 
 
 Nature of Operations 
 
 We provide retail and wholesale financing to customers and dealers around the world for Caterpillar products and services, as well as financing for vehicles and power generation facilities that, in most cases, incorporate Caterpillar products. Retail financing is primarily comprised of installment sale contracts and other equipment-related loans, working capital loans, finance leases and operating leases. Wholesale financing to Caterpillar dealers consists primarily of inventory and rental fleet financing. In addition, we purchase short-term wholesale trade receivables from Caterpillar. The various financing plans offered by Cat Financial are designed to support sales of Caterpillar products and generate financing income for Cat Financial. A significant portion of our activity is conducted in North America, and we have additional offices and subsidiaries in Latin America, Asia/Pacific, Europe and Africa. Cat Financial has over 40 years of experience providing financing for Caterpillar products and services, contributing to our knowledge of asset values, industry trends, financing structures and customer needs. 
 
 The Company s retail loans include: 
 
 Loans that allow customers and dealers to use their Caterpillar equipment or other assets as collateral to obtain financing. 
 Installment sale contracts, which are equipment loans that enable customers to purchase equipment with structured payments over time. 
 4 

The Company s retail leases include: 
 
 Finance (non-tax) leases, where the lessee for tax purposes is considered to be the owner of the equipment during the term of the lease, that either require or allow the customer to purchase the equipment for a fixed price at the end of the term. 
 Tax leases that are classified as either operating or finance leases for financial accounting purposes, depending on the characteristics of the lease. For tax purposes, we are considered the owner of the equipment. 
 
 The Company purchases short-term trade receivables from Caterpillar. 
 
 The Company s wholesale loans and leases include inventory/rental programs, which provide assistance to dealers by financing their new Caterpillar inventory and rental fleets. 
 
 Competitive Environment 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment, with financing for users of Caterpillar equipment and services available through a variety of sources, principally commercial banks and finance and leasing companies. Our competitors include Wells Fargo Equipment Finance Inc., Banc of America Leasing Capital LLC, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Soci t G n rale S.A. and various other banks and finance companies. In addition, many of the manufacturers that compete with Caterpillar also own financial subsidiaries, such as John Deere Capital Corporation, Komatsu Financial L.P., Volvo Financial Services and Kubota Credit Corporation, which utilize many below-market interest rate programs (funded by the manufacturer) to support machine sales. We work together with Caterpillar to provide a broad array of financial merchandising programs to compete around the world. 
 
 We provide financing only when certain criteria are met. Credit decisions are based on a variety of credit quality factors, including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit ratings, loan-to-value ratios and other internal metrics. We typically maintain a security interest in retail-financed equipment and require physical damage insurance coverage on financed equipment. We finance a significant portion of Caterpillar dealers sales and inventory of Caterpillar equipment throughout the world (see Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our segments and geographic areas). Our competitive position is improved by marketing programs offered in conjunction with Caterpillar and/or Caterpillar dealers. Under these programs, Caterpillar, or the dealer, funds an amount at the outset of the transaction, which we then recognize as revenue over the term of the financing. We believe that these marketing programs provide Cat Financial a significant competitive advantage in financing Caterpillar products. 
 
 In certain instances, our operations are subject to supervision and regulation by state, federal and various foreign governmental authorities and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions which, among other things, (i) regulate credit granting activities and the administration of loans, (ii) establish maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges, (iii) require disclosures to customers and investors, (iv) govern secured transactions, (v) set collection, foreclosure, repossession and other trade practices and (vi) regulate the use and reporting of information related to a borrower s credit experience. Our ability to comply with these and other governmental and legal requirements and restrictions affects our operations. 
 
 We also have agreements with Caterpillar that are significant to our operations. These agreements provide us with certain types of operational and administrative support from Caterpillar such as the administration of employee benefit plans, financial support, funding support and various forms of corporate services that are integral to the conduct of our business. For more information on these agreements, please refer to Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

Human Capital 
 
 Core Values 
 
 Caterpillar s global workforce is united by Our Values in Action, Caterpillar s Code of Conduct. Integrity, Excellence, Teamwork, Commitment and Sustainability provide the foundation for our values-based culture. Our diversity and inclusion principles are embedded in our values. Our values unite and reflect our diverse cultures, languages, geographies and businesses. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 The health and safety of our employees is an important focus at Cat Financial and we strive to continually reduce our recordable injuries. In 2022, the Company achieved a recordable injury frequency rate of 0.00, compared to the 2021 recordable injury frequency rate of 0.04. 
 
 Talent Development and Training 
 
 In addition to our focus on values and safety, we strive to continually attract, develop, engage, and retain a high-performing diverse global team that executes our enterprise strategy of long-term profitable growth. 
 
 We are committed to employee development and helping employees reach their full potential by making on-going investments in our team. Our global internships and finance and information services career programs provide development opportunities for early career employees. We also have a continual focus on strengthening technical, professional and leadership capabilities at every level. Strategic talent reviews and succession planning occur at a minimum, annually, across our business. 
 
 Our leadership development programs and our focus on encouraging a variety of experiences help employees broaden understanding and increase perspective. For example, we conduct a bi-annual leadership experience for global leaders to strengthen Caterpillar leadership attributes and utilize our global learning platform to build speed to competency by job role. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to fostering a diverse workforce and an inclusive environment. Our 9 Employee Resource Groups ERGs ), sponsored and supported by leadership, are integral to ensuring different voices and perspectives contribute to our strategy for long term profitable growth. Our ERGs partner with recruiters to help build relationships and recruit diverse talent through campus relationships and the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. 
 
 Our ERGs further engage our employees, helping contribute to development and retention. For example, Caterpillar s Latino Connection sponsors a mentoring program that connects diverse employees with senior leaders who can support their career goals through on-the-job project experience and leadership development. Additionally, WE Lead, Women Enabling Leadership, is sponsored by our Women s Initiative Network and engages female employees in early to mid-level management to help strengthen our female leader pipeline. 
 
 Compensation, Benefits and Employee Insights 
 
 Providing competitive benefits and compensation underpins our commitment to our engaged and productive employees. Our pay-for-performance philosophy aligns employee s individual contributions, attributes and business results with individual rewards. Our comprehensive Total Health programs focus on purpose, as well as physical, emotional, financial, and social health. The annual Employee Insights Survey provides all employees the opportunity to confidentially share their perspectives and engages leaders to listen, learn and respond to employee feedback. 
 
 6 

Employment 
 
 Management aligns employment levels with the needs of the business. We believe we have the appropriate human capital resources to successfully operate and deliver our enterprise strategy. As of December 31, 2022, we employed about 2,100 full-time persons of whom approximately half were located outside the United States. In the United States, most employees are at-will employees and, therefore, not subject to any type of employment contract or agreement. Outside the United States, the Company enters into employment contracts and agreements in those countries in which such relationships are mandatory or customary. The provisions of these agreements generally correspond in each case with the required or customary terms in the subject jurisdiction. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company files electronically with the SEC required reports on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q, Form 10-K and registration statements on Form S-3 and other forms or reports as required. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished with the SEC are available free of charge through Caterpillar Inc. s website (www.caterpillar.com/secfilings) as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. Copies may also be obtained free of charge by writing to: Legal Dept., Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, 2120 West End Ave., Nashville, Tennessee 37203-0001. In addition, the public may obtain more detailed information about our parent company, Caterpillar Inc., by visiting its website (www.caterpillar.com). None of the information contained at any time on our website, Caterpillar s website or the SEC s website is incorporated by reference into this document. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The statements in this section describe material risks to our business and may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to the caption CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS presented prior to Item 1 of this report. The statements in this section should also be considered carefully in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements to this Form 10-K. The risk factors described below are a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make our actual results differ materially from expected or past results. Because it is impossible to predict or identify all such factors, the following factors should not be considered to be a complete discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. 
 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 
 Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could adversely impact the industries and markets in which we serve and operate 
 Continuing to meet our cash requirements over the long-term could require substantial liquidity and access to varied sources of funds, including capital and credit markets. Global economic conditions have caused and may cause volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. While we have continued to maintain access to key global medium-term note and commercial paper markets, there can be no assurance that such markets will continue to represent a reliable source of financing. If global economic conditions were to deteriorate, we could face materially higher financing costs, become unable to access adequate funding to operate and grow our business and/or meet our debt service obligations as they mature, and we could be required to draw upon contractually committed lending agreements primarily provided by global banks and/or by seeking other funding sources. However, under extreme market conditions, there can be no assurance that such agreements and other funding sources would be sufficient or even available. Any of these events could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The extent of any impact on our ability to meet our funding or liquidity needs would depend on several factors, including our operating cash flows, the duration of any market disruptions, changes in counterparty credit risk, the impact of government intervention in financial markets, including the effects of any programs or legislation designed to increase or restrict liquidity for certain areas of the market, general credit conditions, the volatility of equity and debt markets, our credit ratings and credit capacity and the cost of financing and other general economic and business conditions. Market disruption and volatility may also lead to numerous other risks in connection with these events, including but not limited to: 
 
 7 

Market developments that may affect the demand for Caterpillar products and/or customer confidence levels and may cause declines in the demand for financing and adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could increase our write-offs and provision for credit losses; 
 The process we use to estimate losses inherent in our credit exposure requires a high degree of management s judgment regarding numerous subjective, qualitative factors, including forecasts of economic conditions and how economic predictors might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. If financial market disruption and volatility is experienced, the accuracy of these judgments may be impacted; 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions or borrow from other financial institutions on acceptable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations; and 
 Because our lending agreements are primarily with financial institutions, their ability to perform in accordance with any of our underlying agreements could be adversely affected by market volatility and/or disruptions in the equity and credit markets. 
 
 Failure to maintain our credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing and could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets 
 Each of Caterpillar s and Cat Financial s costs of borrowing and their respective ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short- and long-term credit ratings assigned to their respective debt by the major credit rating agencies. These ratings are based, in significant part, on each of Caterpillar s and Cat Financial s performance as measured by financial metrics such as net worth, interest coverage and leverage ratios, as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. There can be no assurance that Caterpillar and Cat Financial will be able to maintain their credit ratings. We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies. A downgrade of our credit rating by any of the major credit rating agencies could result in increased borrowing costs and could adversely affect Caterpillar s and Cat Financial s liquidity, competitive position and access to the capital markets, including restricting, in whole or in part, access to the commercial paper market and other sources of funding. There can be no assurance that the commercial paper market will continue to be a reliable source of short-term financing for Cat Financial or an available source of short-term financing for Caterpillar. An inability to access the capital markets could have an adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates or market liquidity conditions could adversely affect our earnings and/or cash flows 
 The Federal Reserve Bank of United States began to increase benchmark interest rates in March 2022 and has indicated it may continue to raise benchmark interest rates in an effort to curb the upward inflationary pressure on the cost of goods and services across the United States. Such increases in interest rates and other changes to market liquidity conditions could have an adverse impact on Caterpillar's and our earnings and cash flows. Because our financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, but our operations are conducted internationally, currency exchange rates can have a significant impact on our business results. Additionally, because a significant number of the loans made by us are made at fixed interest rates, our business results are subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Certain loans made by us and various financing extended to us are made at variable rates that use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. Changes in interest rates and market liquidity conditions could have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. Because a significant number of the loans made by us are made at fixed interest rates, our business results are subject to fluctuations in interest rates. 
 8 

Certain loans made by us and various financing extended to us are made at variable rates that use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. LIBOR is the subject of recent proposals for reform. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. Immediately following the LIBOR publication on December 31, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ceased the publication of all GBP, EUR, CHF and JPY LIBOR settings, as well as the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors. On November 30, 2020, IBA, with the support of the United States Federal Reserve and the FCA, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of all other remaining USD LIBOR tenors on June 30, 2023. While the November 30 announcement extended the transition period to June 2023, the United States Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new USD LIBOR issuances by the end of 2021. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Federal Reserve. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is anticipated in coming years. There continue to be uncertainties regarding the transition from LIBOR, including but not limited to the need to renegotiate certain terms of our loan agreements with LIBOR as the referenced rate, which could require us to incur significant expense and may subject us to disputes or litigation over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the replacement reference rates. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted and could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of LIBOR-linked securities, loans, derivatives, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those securities, loans and financial instruments. 
 
 We created a cross-functional team that assesses risk across multiple categories as it relates to the use of LIBOR in securities, loans, derivatives, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us. Other changes in market interest rates may influence our borrowing costs and could reduce our earnings and cash flows, returns on financial investments and the valuation of derivative contracts. We manage interest rate and market liquidity risks through a variety of techniques that include a match funding strategy, the selective use of derivatives and a broadly diversified funding program. There can be no assurance, however, that fluctuations in interest rates and market liquidity conditions will not have an adverse impact on Caterpillar and our earnings and cash flows. If any of the variety of instruments and strategies we use to hedge our exposure to these types of risk is ineffective, this may have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. Please see -Macroeconomic Risks - Changes in Government Monetary or Fiscal Policies May Negatively Impact Results below for further discussion of changes in interest rates. 
 
 In addition, because we make a significant number of loans in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could also reduce our earnings and cash flows. There has been, and may continue to be, volatility in currency exchange rates as a result of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union (commonly known as Brexit ), especially between the U.S. dollar and the British pound. 
 
 We also rely on numerous diversified global debt capital markets and funding programs to provide liquidity for our global operations, including commercial paper, medium-term notes, retail notes, variable denomination floating rate demand notes and bank loans. Significant changes in market liquidity conditions could impact our access to funding and the associated funding cost and reduce our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Our business is significantly influenced by the credit risk associated with our customers and an increase in delinquencies, repossessions or net losses could adversely affect our results 
 Our business is significantly influenced by the credit risk associated with our customers. The creditworthiness of each customer and the rate of delinquencies, repossessions and net losses on customer obligations are directly impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, relevant industry (particularly construction-related industries) and economic conditions, the availability of capital, the experience and expertise of the customer s management team, commodity prices, interest rates, political events and the sustained value of the underlying collateral. Any increase in delinquencies, repossessions and net losses on customer obligations could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, although we evaluate and adjust our allowance for credit losses related to past due and non-performing receivables on a regular basis, adverse economic conditions or other factors that might cause deterioration of the financial health of our customers could change the timing and level of payments received and necessitate an increase in our estimated losses, which could also have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows. 
 9 

A decrease in the residual value of the equipment that we finance could adversely affect our results 
 Declines in the residual value of equipment financed by us may reduce our earnings. The residual value of leased equipment is determined based on its estimated end-of-term market value at the time of the expiration of the lease term. We estimate the residual value of leased equipment at the inception of the lease based on numerous factors, including historical wholesale market sales prices, past remarketing experience and any known significant market/product trends. If estimated end-of-term market values significantly decline due to economic factors, obsolescence or other adverse circumstances, we may not realize such residual value, which could reduce our earnings. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in our debt agreements could limit our financial and operating flexibility 
 Cat Financial and certain subsidiaries have credit agreements under which we borrow or can borrow funds for use in our respective businesses that are utilized primarily for general corporate purposes. Certain of these agreements include covenants relating to our financial performance and financial position. The two most significant financial covenants included in these agreements are: (1) a leverage ratio covenant that requires us to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated net worth of not greater than 10 to 1, calculated (i) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (ii) at each December 31; and (2) an interest coverage ratio that requires us to maintain a ratio of (i) profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain/(loss) from interest rate derivatives to (ii) interest expense of not less than 1.15 to 1, in each case, calculated at the end of each calendar quarter for the rolling four-quarter period then most recently ended for us and our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, we are restricted in several of our agreements from terminating, amending or modifying our support agreement with Caterpillar. We are also restricted in our ability to incur secured indebtedness or consolidate, merge or sell assets. Similarly, we are also bound by covenants in various agreements that involve Caterpillar and its obligation to maintain a consolidated net worth of not less than 9 billion at all times during each fiscal year. 
 
 Although we do not believe any of these covenants presently materially restrict our operations, our ability to meet any one particular financial covenant may be affected by events that could be beyond our control and could result in material adverse consequences that negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. These consequences may include the acceleration of repayment of amounts outstanding under certain of our credit agreements, the triggering of an obligation to redeem certain debt securities, the termination of existing unused credit commitments by our lenders, the refusal by our lenders to extend further credit under one or more of our credit agreements or the lowering or modification of our credit ratings, including those of any of our subsidiaries. We cannot provide assurance that we will continue to comply with each credit covenant, particularly if we were to encounter challenging and volatile market conditions. 
 
 MACROECONOMIC RISKS 
 
 Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results 
 Most countries where Caterpillar products and services are sold have established central banks to regulate monetary systems and influence economic activities, generally by adjusting interest rates. Interest rate changes affect overall economic growth, which in turn affects Caterpillar s sales and our financing activities. Interest rate changes may also affect customers ability to finance machine purchases, can change the optimal time to keep machines in a fleet and can impact the ability of Caterpillar s suppliers to finance the production of parts and components necessary to manufacture and support Caterpillar products. 
 
 Central banks and other policy arms of many countries may take actions to vary the amount of liquidity and credit available in an economy. The impact from a change in liquidity and credit policies could negatively affect the customers and markets we serve or our suppliers, create supply chain inefficiencies and could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Government policies on taxes and spending also affect our business. Throughout the world, government spending finances a significant portion of infrastructure development, such as highways, rail systems, airports, sewer and water systems, waterways and dams. Tax regulations determine asset depreciation lives and impact the after-tax returns on business activity and investment, both of which influence investment decisions. Unfavorable developments, such as decisions to reduce public spending or to increase taxes, could negatively impact our results. 
 
 10 

Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and global events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate 
 Our global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased, sold and financed in the U.S. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability or uncertainty. Some countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than others. Operating in different regions and countries exposes us to numerous risks, including: 
 
 Multiple and potentially conflicting legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change, including but not limited to, those legal and regulatory requirements described in Item 1 of this report under the heading Competitive Environment; 
 Imposition of currency restrictions, restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints; 
 Imposition of new or additional tariffs or quotas; 
 Difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; 
 Withdrawal from or modification of trade agreements or the negotiation of new trade agreements; 
 Imposition of new or additional trade and economic sanctions laws imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments; 
 The occurrence of catastrophic events, including fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic events that our disaster recovery plans do not adequately address; and 
 Political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries. 
 
 The occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response. Such measures have included travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may continue to impact all or portions of each of Caterpillar's and our workforce and operations and the operations of our customers, dealers and suppliers. Although certain restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have eased, uncertainty continues to exist regarding such measures and potential future measures. Current material and component shortages, logistics constraints and labor inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit Caterpillar's and our ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and customer demand uncertainty, has caused inflationary pressure in the U.S. and elsewhere and has led to volatility in customer demand for Caterpillar's and our products and services and caused supply chain disruptions. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect customer demand for Caterpillar's and our products and services, the value of the equipment financed or leased, the demand for financing and the financial condition and credit risk of our customers and dealers. 
 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 
 The success of our business depends upon the demand for Caterpillar s products 
 Our primary business is to provide retail and wholesale financing alternatives for Caterpillar products to customers and dealers and is therefore largely dependent upon the demand for Caterpillar s products and customers willingness to enter into financing or leasing agreements, which may be negatively affected by challenging global economic conditions. As a result, a significant or prolonged decrease in demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The demand for Caterpillar s products and our products and services is influenced by numerous factors, including: 
 
 General world economic conditions and the level of energy, mining, construction and manufacturing activity; 
 Changes and uncertainties in the monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental and regulatory entities; 
 Fluctuations in demand and prices for certain commodities; 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates; 
 Political, economic and legislative changes; 
 Caterpillar s ability to produce products that meet customers needs; 
 Caterpillar s ability to maintain key dealer relationships; 
 The ability of Caterpillar dealers to sell Caterpillar products and their practices regarding inventory control; and 
 Changes in pricing policies by Caterpillar or its competitors. 
 
 Any significant adverse changes to these factors could negatively impact our results. 
 11 

Changes in the marketing, operational or administrative support that we receive from Caterpillar could adversely affect our results 
 We participate in certain marketing programs offered in conjunction with Caterpillar and/or Caterpillar dealers that allow us to offer financing to customers at interest rates that are below market rates. These marketing programs provide us with a significant competitive advantage in financing Caterpillar products. Any change in these marketing programs or reduction in our ability to offer competitively priced financing to customers could reduce the percentage of Caterpillar products financed by us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Caterpillar also provides us with other types of operational and administrative support, such as the administration of employee benefit plans, which is integral to the conduct of our business. Any changes in the levels of support from Caterpillar could also negatively impact our results. 
 
 The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products and services that meet our customers needs 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment, with financing for users of Caterpillar equipment available through a variety of sources, principally commercial banks and finance and leasing companies. Increasing competition may adversely affect our business if we are unable to match the products and services of our competitors. Also, as noted above, any changes to the marketing programs offered in conjunction with Caterpillar and/or Caterpillar dealers, which allow us to offer financing to customers at interest rates that are below market rates, could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services 
 We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Additionally, we collect and store sensitive information relating to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers and employees. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats -- from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data -- are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. It is possible that our information technology systems and networks, or those managed or provided by third parties, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. While various procedures and controls have been and are being utilized to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing, or which we cause or have caused third party service providers to implement, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. 
 
 We have experienced cyber security threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events, to date, have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. Due to the evolving nature of such security threats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. Further, the amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity attack. 
 
 In addition, data we collect, store and process are subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation that became effective in May 2018 and the California Consumer Privacy Act that became effective in January 2020, each of which carry, in many cases, significant potential penalties for noncompliance. 
 
 LEGAL REGULATORY RISKS 
 12 

Our global operations are subject to a wide-range of trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations 
 
 Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of laws and regulations, including U.S. regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. Any alleged or actual violations may subject us to increased government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties and may limit our ability to provide financing outside the U.S. and/or potentially require us to divest portions of our existing portfolio under certain circumstances. Furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other governments prohibiting providing financing to specific persons or countries may expose us to potential criminal and civil sanctions. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or, in certain locations, the way existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 
 
 In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws of other countries generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or obtaining an unfair advantage. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption laws. Our continued operation and expansion outside the U.S., including in developing countries, expose us to the risk of such violations. Violations of anti-corruption laws by our employees or intermediaries acting on our behalf may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and could result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 New regulations or changes in financial services regulation could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition 
 
 Our operations are highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations where we operate, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on our business. In the U.S. for example, certain of our activities are subject to the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which includes extensive provisions regulating the financial services industry. As a result, we have become and could continue to become subject to additional regulatory costs that could be significant and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in or additional regulations in the U.S. or internationally impacting the financial services industry could also add significant cost or operational constraints that might have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax exposure 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous other jurisdictions. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings between U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions or among jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax laws or treaties or in their application or interpretation, changes in tax rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings indefinitely reinvested in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures. We are also subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations. If our effective tax rates were to increase or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in accounting guidance could have an adverse effect on our results of operations 
 Our consolidated financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting guidance and related interpretations issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the SEC. Market conditions have prompted accounting standard setters to issue new guidance, which further interprets or seeks to revise accounting pronouncements related to various transactions, as well as to issue new guidance expanding disclosures. The impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. An assessment of proposed guidance is not provided, as such proposals are subject to change through the exposure process and, therefore, their effects on our financial statements cannot be meaningfully assessed. It is possible that future accounting guidance we are required to adopt or future changes in accounting principles could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 13 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Nashville, Tennessee. Additional offices are located inside and outside the United States. All of our offices, other than our corporate headquarters building, are leased. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We are involved in unresolved legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of our unresolved legal actions, we believe that these unresolved legal actions will neither individually nor in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Our stock is not publicly traded. Caterpillar Inc. is the owner of our one outstanding share. Cash dividends of 275 million, 850 million and 300 million were paid to Caterpillar in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 14 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report and our discussion of significant risks to the company s business under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 We reported revenues of 2.73 billion for 2022, an increase of 172 million, or 7 percent, compared with 2.56 billion for 2021. Profit was 535 million for 2022, an increase of 30 million, or 6 percent, compared with 505 million for 2021. 
 
 The increase in revenues was primarily due to a 151 million favorable impact from higher average financing rates and a 55 million favorable impact from returned or repossessed equipment, partially offset by a 38 million unfavorable impact from lower average earning assets. 
 
 Profit before income taxes was 731 million for 2022, an increase of 36 million, or 5 percent, compared with 695 million for 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 55 million favorable impact from returned or repossessed equipment, partially offset by a 19 million unfavorable impact from lower average earning assets. 
 
 The provision for income taxes reflected an annual tax rate of 26 percent for both 2022 and 2021. 
 
 During 2022, retail new business volume was 11.36 billion, a decrease of 1.74 billion, or 13 percent, compared with 13.10 billion for 2021. The decrease was driven by lower volume across all segments with the exception of an increase in Latin America. 
 
 At the end of 2022, past dues were 1.89 percent, compared with 1.95 percent at the end of 2021. Write-offs, net of recoveries, were 46 million for 2022, compared with 205 million for 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses totaled 346 million, or 1.29 percent of finance receivables, compared with 337 million, or 1.22 percent of finance receivables at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Global Business Conditions 
 
 Caterpillar continues to monitor a variety of external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost and labor pressures. We are monitoring the potential downstream impacts from these factors on our business, while remaining focused on portfolio health and continuing to provide qualified customers and dealers with new loans and leases to support their current and future business needs. 
 
 We continue to closely monitor the events in Russia and Ukraine and have evaluated our exposure in these countries. 
 15 

2022 COMPARED WITH 2021 
 
 Consolidated Total Revenues 

The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated total revenues between 2021 (at left) and 2022 (at right). Items favorably impacting total revenues appear as upward stair steps with corresponding dollar amounts above each bar, while items negatively impacting total revenues appear as downward stair steps with dollar amounts reflected in parentheses above each bar. Management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate results. 
 
 Retail revenue for 2022 was 1.23 billion, an increase of 32 million from 2021. The increase was due to a 62 million favorable impact from higher interest rates on retail finance receivables, partially offset by a 30 million unfavorable impact from lower average earning assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, retail average earning assets were 22.18 billion, a decrease of 581 million from 2021. The average yield was 5.54 percent for 2022, compared with 5.26 percent in 2021. 
 
 Operating lease revenue for 2022 was 888 million, a decrease of 54 million from 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 66 million unfavorable impact from lower average earning assets, partially offset a 15 million favorable impact from higher rental rates on operating leases. 
 
 Wholesale revenue for 2022 was 441 million, an increase of 127 million from 2021. The increase was due to a 110 million favorable impact from higher interest rates on wholesale finance receivables and a 17 million favorable impact from higher average earning assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, wholesale average earning assets were 4.51 billion, an increase of 232 million from 2021. The average yield was 9.77 percent for 2022, compared with 7.34 percent in 2021. 
 
 Other revenue, net items were as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 Change Finance receivable and operating lease fees (including late charges) 58 56 2 Net gain (loss) on returned or repossessed equipment 81 26 55 Interest income on Notes receivable from Caterpillar 17 14 3 Miscellaneous other revenue, net 20 13 7 Total Other revenue, net 176 109 67 
 
 There was a 47 million unfavorable impact from currency on revenues in 2022. Currency represents the net translation impact resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar and is included in all financial statement line items and each of the items included in the above analysis. 
 
 16 

Consolidated Profit Before Income Taxes 

(1) Analysis excludes 15 million and 18 million in offsetting revenues and expenses for property taxes on operating leases for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated profit before income taxes between 2021 (at left) and 2022 (at right). Items favorably impacting profit before income taxes appear as upward stair steps with corresponding dollar amounts above each bar, while items negatively impacting profit before income taxes appear as downward stair steps with dollar amounts reflected in parentheses above each bar. Management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate results. 
 
 Profit before income taxes was 731 million for 2022, an increase of 36 million, or 5 percent, compared with 695 million for 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 55 million favorable impact from returned or repossessed equipment, partially offset by a 19 million unfavorable impact from lower average earning assets. 
 
 There was a 13 million unfavorable impact from currency on profit before income taxes in 2022. Currency represents the net translation impact resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar and is included in all financial statement line items and each of the items included in the above analysis. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes reflected an annual tax rate of 26 percent for both 2022 and 2021. 
 
 17 

Finance Receivables and Equipment on Operating Leases 
 
 New Business Volume 
 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 Change New retail financing 10,211 11,867 (1,656) New operating lease activity 1,144 1,230 (86) New wholesale financing 47,749 40,393 7,356 Total 59,104 53,490 5,614 
 
 New retail financing decreased due to lower volume across all segments with the exception of an increase in Latin America. New operating lease activity decreased due to lower rentals of Cat equipment. New wholesale financing increased primarily due to higher purchases of trade receivables from Caterpillar. 
 
 Total Managed Portfolio 
 We define total portfolio as Finance receivables, net plus Equipment on operating leases, net. We also manage and service receivables and leases that have been sold by us to third parties with limited or no recourse in order to mitigate our concentration of credit risk with certain customers. These assets are not available to pay our creditors. Total managed portfolio as of December 31, was as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 Change Finance receivables, net 26,441 27,177 (736) Equipment on operating leases, net 2,911 3,123 (212) Total portfolio 29,352 30,300 (948) Retail loans, net 68 107 (39) Operating leases 21 23 (2) Retail leases, net 23 19 4 Total off-balance sheet managed assets 112 149 (37) Total managed portfolio 29,464 30,449 (985) 
 
 Total Portfolio Metrics 
 At the end of 2022, past dues were 1.89 percent, compared with 1.95 percent at the end of 2021. Total non-performing finance receivables, which represent finance receivables currently on non-accrual status, were 234 million and 288 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total non-performing finance receivables as a percentage of our finance receivables were 0.87 percent and 1.05 percent at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was 346 million, or 1.29 percent of finance receivables, compared with 337 million, or 1.22 percent, as of December 31, 2021. The allowance is subject to an ongoing evaluation based on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including past loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of underlying collateral and economic forecasts. We believe our allowance is sufficient to provide for losses over the remaining life of our finance receivable portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 18 

FOURTH QUARTER 2022 COMPARED WITH FOURTH QUARTER 2021 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Retail finance 326 294 Operating lease 217 231 Wholesale finance 141 77 Other, net 40 41 Total revenues 724 643 Expenses: Interest 189 104 Depreciation on equipment leased to others 174 185 General, operating and administrative 134 146 Provision for credit losses 47 10 Other 4 12 Total expenses 548 457 Other income (expense) (25) (7) Profit before income taxes 151 179 Provision for income taxes 32 54 Profit of consolidated companies 119 125 Less: Profit attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 3 Profit attributable to Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 118 122 

19 

Consolidated Total Revenues 

The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated total revenues between fourth quarter 2021 (at left) and fourth quarter 2022 (at right). Items favorably impacting total revenues appear as upward stair steps with corresponding dollar amounts above each bar, while items negatively impacting total revenues appear as downward stair steps with dollar amounts reflected in parentheses above each bar. Management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate results. 
 
 Retail revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 326 million, an increase of 32 million from the same period in 2021. The increase was mostly due to a 43 million favorable impact from higher interest rates on retail finance receivables, partially offset by an 11 million unfavorable impact from lower average earning assets. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, retail average earning assets were 21.71 billion, a decrease of 918 million from the same period in 2021. The annualized average yield was 6.00 percent for the fourth quarter of 2022, compared with 5.19 percent for the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 Operating lease revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 217 million, a decrease of 14 million from the same period in 2021. The decrease was due to a 17 million unfavorable impact from lower average earning assets, partially offset by a 3 million favorable impact from higher rental rates on operating leases. 
 
 Wholesale revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 141 million, an increase of 64 million from the same period in 2021. The increase was due to a 59 million favorable impact from higher interest rates on wholesale finance receivables and a 5 million favorable impact from higher average earning assets. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, wholesale average earning assets were 4.67 billion, an increase of 311 million from the same period in 2021. The annualized average yield was 12.08 percent for the fourth quarter of 2022, compared with 7.10 percent for the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 Other revenue, net items were as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Finance receivable and operating lease fees (including late charges) 14 14 Net gain (loss) on returned or repossessed equipment 14 18 (4) Interest income on Notes receivable from Caterpillar 4 4 Miscellaneous other revenue, net 8 5 3 Total Other revenue, net 40 41 (1) 
 
 There was an 18 million unfavorable impact from currency on revenues in the fourth quarter of 2022. Currency represents the net translation impact resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar and is included in all financial statement line items and each of the items included in the above analysis. 

20 

Consolidated Profit Before Income Taxes 
 
 (1) Analysis excludes 4 million in offsetting revenues and expenses for property taxes on operating leases for both the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated profit before income taxes between fourth quarter 2021 (at left) and fourth quarter 2022 (at right). Items favorably impacting profit before income taxes appear as upward stair steps with corresponding dollar amounts above each bar, while items negatively impacting profit before income taxes appear as downward stair steps with dollar amounts reflected in parentheses above each bar. Management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate results. 
 
 Fourth-quarter 2022 profit before income taxes was 151 million, a decrease of 28 million, or 16 percent, compared with 179 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease was mainly due to a 37 million unfavorable impact from a higher provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 12 million favorable impact from a decrease in general, operating and administrative expenses. 
 
 There was a 4 million unfavorable impact from currency on profit before income taxes in the fourth quarter of 2022. Currency represents the net translation impact resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar and is included in all financial statement line items and each of the items included in the above analysis. 
 
 2021 COMPARED WITH 2020 
 
 For discussions related to the consolidated total revenues and consolidated profit before income taxes between 2021 and 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2022. 

21 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 Maintaining and managing adequate capital and liquidity resources includes management of funding sources and their utilization based on current, future and contingent needs. Throughout 2022, we experienced favorable liquidity conditions. We ended 2022 with 868 million of cash, an increase of 258 million from year-end 2021. Our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world with approximately 716 million held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries, including 158 million in Russia which is currently subject to local government restrictions that substantially limit transfer outside of the country. We expect to meet our U.S. funding needs without repatriating undistributed profits that are indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. 

BORROWINGS 
 
 Borrowings consist primarily of medium-term notes and commercial paper, the combination of which is used to manage interest rate risk and funding requirements. (Please refer to Notes 5, 6 and 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion.) 
 
 We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies. Moody s, Fitch and S P maintain a mid-A debt rating. A downgrade of our credit ratings by any of the major credit rating agencies could result in increased borrowing costs and could make access to certain credit markets more difficult. In the event economic conditions deteriorate such that access to debt markets becomes unavailable, we would rely on cash flows from our existing portfolio, existing cash balances, access to our committed credit facilities and other credit line facilities, and potential borrowings from Caterpillar. In addition, Caterpillar maintains a support agreement with us, which requires Caterpillar to remain our sole owner and may, under certain circumstances, require Caterpillar to make payments to us should we fail to maintain certain financial ratios. 
 
 Total borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were 27.40 billion, a decrease of 616 million from December 31, 2021. Outstanding borrowings as of December 31 were as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 2022 2021 Medium-term notes, net 20,672 22,246 Commercial paper, net of unamortized discount 5,455 4,896 Bank borrowings and other long-term 746 348 Bank borrowings and other short-term 234 213 Variable denomination floating rate demand notes 265 286 Notes payable to Caterpillar 23 22 Total outstanding borrowings 27,395 28,011 
 
 Medium-term notes 
 We issue medium-term unsecured notes through securities dealers or underwriters in the U.S., Europe, and other international capital markets. These notes are offered in several currencies and with a variety of maturities. These notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. Medium-term notes issued totaled 6.01 billion and redeemed totaled 7.46 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. Medium-term notes, net outstanding as of December 31, 2022 mature as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2023 4,731 2024 7,248 2025 4,408 2026 2,452 2027 1,945 Thereafter Fair value adjustments (112) Total 20,672 
 
 22 

Medium-term notes of 900 million maturing in the first quarter of 2023 were excluded from Current maturities of long-term debt in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 due to a 900 million issuance of medium-term notes on January 6, 2023 which mature in 2026. The preceding maturity table reflects the reclassification of 900 million from maturities in 2023 to 2026. 

Commercial paper 
 We issue unsecured commercial paper in the U.S., Europe, and other international capital markets. These short-term promissory notes are issued on a discounted basis and are payable at maturity. As of December 31, 2022, there was 5.46 billion outstanding in commercial paper. 
 
 Revolving credit facilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had three global credit facilities with a syndicate of banks totaling 10.50 billion (Credit Facility) available in the aggregate to both Caterpillar and us for general liquidity purposes. Based on management s allocation decision, which can be revised from time to time, the portion of the Credit Facility available to us as of December 31, 2022 was 7.75 billion. Information on our Credit Facility is as follows: 
 
 The 364-day facility of 3.15 billion (of which 2.33 billion is available to us) expires in August 2023. 
 The three-year facility, as amended and restated in September 2022, of 2.73 billion (of which 2.01 billion is available to us) expires in August 2025. 
 The five-year facility, as amended and restated in September 2022, of 4.62 billion (of which 3.41 billion is available to us) expires in September 2027. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Caterpillar s consolidated net worth was 15.93 billion, which was above the 9.00 billion required under the Credit Facility. The consolidated net worth is defined in the Credit Facility as the consolidated shareholders equity including preferred stock but excluding the pension and other postretirement benefits balance within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our covenant interest coverage ratio was 2.36 to 1. This was above the 1.15 to 1 minimum ratio, calculated as (1) profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain/(loss) from interest rate derivatives to (2) interest expense, calculated at the end of each calendar quarter for the rolling four quarter period then most recently ended, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 In addition, at December 31, 2022, our six-month covenant leverage ratio was 7.05 to 1 and our year-end covenant leverage ratio was 7.21 to 1. This was below the maximum ratio of debt to net worth of 10 to 1, calculated (1) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (2) at each December 31, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 In the event that either Caterpillar or we do not meet one or more of our respective financial covenants under the Credit Facility in the future (and are unable to obtain a consent or waiver), the syndicate of banks may terminate the commitments allocated to the party that does not meet its covenants. Additionally, in such event, certain of our other lenders under other loan agreements where similar financial covenants or cross default provisions are applicable, may, at their election, choose to pursue remedies under those loan agreements, including accelerating the repayment of outstanding borrowings. At December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 
 Bank borrowings 
 Available credit lines with banks as of December 31, 2022 totaled 3.49 billion. These committed and uncommitted credit lines, which may be eligible for renewal at various future dates or have no specified expiration date, are used primarily by our non-U.S. subsidiaries for local funding requirements. We may guarantee subsidiary borrowings under these lines. As of December 31, 2022, we had 979 million outstanding against these credit lines and were in compliance with all debt covenants under these credit lines. 
 
 Variable denomination floating rate demand notes 
 We obtain funding from the sale of variable denomination floating rate demand notes, which may be redeemed at any time at the option of the holder without any material restriction. We do not hold reserves to fund the payment of the demand notes. The notes are offered on a continuous basis. As of December 31, 2022, there were 265 million of variable denomination floating rate demand notes outstanding. The maximum amount of variable denomination floating rate demand notes that we may have outstanding at any time may not exceed 1.25 billion. 
 
 23 

Notes receivable from/payable to Caterpillar 
 Under our variable amount and term lending agreements and other notes receivable with Caterpillar, we may borrow up to 2.38 billion from Caterpillar and Caterpillar may borrow up to 1.75 billion from us. The variable amount lending agreements are in effect for indefinite periods of time and may be changed or terminated by either party with 30 days notice. The term lending agreements have remaining maturities ranging up to ten years. We had notes payable of 23 million and notes receivable of 482 million outstanding under these agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements, primarily in the form of guarantees. Please refer to Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Managed assets 
 Certain finance receivables and equipment on operating leases are sold by us to third parties with limited or no recourse in order to mitigate our concentration of credit risk with certain customers. In 2022, we received 63 million of cash proceeds from the sale of such assets. We typically maintain servicing responsibilities for these assets. 

MATERIAL CASH REQUIREMENTS FROM CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 We believe our balances of cash and cash equivalents of million as of December 31, 2022, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements over the next 12 months and beyond. 
 
 We have committed cash outflow related to short-term borrowings and long-term debt. See Notes 6 and 7, respectively, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 We also have contractual obligations to suppliers and service providers primarily for software user licenses, extended technical support and data processing services. These obligations total 28 million, with 15 million due in the next 12 months. 

CASH FLOWS 
 
 Operating cash flow was 1.26 billion in 2022, compared with 1.19 billion in 2021. Net cash used for investing activities was 172 million in 2022, compared with 1.26 billion in 2021. The change was primarily due to portfolio related activity and lower proceeds from disposals of equipment. Net cash used for financing activities was 764 million in 2022, compared with net cash provided of 257 million in 2021. The change was primarily due to lower portfolio funding requirements related to Caterpillar purchased receivables. 
 24 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP" or "GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could have a significant effect on the financial statements. Our critical accounting estimates, which require management assumptions and complex judgments, are summarized below. 
 
 We review our critical accounting estimates and assumptions with the Audit Committee of the Caterpillar Inc. Board of Directors. 
 
 Residual values for leased assets 
 We determine the residual value of leased equipment based on its estimated end-of-term market value. We estimate the residual value of leased equipment at the inception of the lease based on a number of factors, including historical wholesale market sales prices, past remarketing experience and any known significant market/product trends. We also consider the following critical factors in our residual value estimates: lease term, market size and demand, total expected hours of usage, machine configuration, application, location, model changes, quantities, third-party residual guarantees and contractual customer purchase options. 
 
 Upon termination of the lease, the equipment is either purchased by the lessee or sold to a third-party, in which case we may record a gain or a loss for the difference between the estimated residual value and the sale proceeds. 
 
 During the term of our leases, we monitor residual values. For operating leases, we record adjustments to depreciation expense reflecting changes in residual value estimates prospectively on a straight-line basis. For finance leases, we recognize residual value adjustments through a reduction of finance revenue over the remaining lease term. 
 
 We evaluate the carrying value of equipment on operating leases for potential impairment when we determine a triggering event has occurred. When a triggering event occurs, we perform a test for recoverability by comparing projected undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the equipment on operating leases. If the test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, we measure the fair value of the equipment on operating leases in accordance with the fair value measurement framework. We recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value of the equipment on operating leases exceeds its estimated fair value. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases was 1.71 billion. Without consideration of other factors such as third-party residual guarantees or contractual customer purchase options, a 10 percent non-temporary decrease in the market value of our equipment subject to operating leases would reduce residual value estimates and result in the recognition of approximately 80 million of additional annual depreciation expense. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 The allowance for credit losses is management s estimate of expected losses over the life of our finance receivable portfolio calculated using loss forecast models that take into consideration historical credit loss experience, current economic conditions and forecasts and scenarios that capture country and industry-specific economic factors. In addition, we consider qualitative factors not able to be fully captured in our loss forecast models, including borrower-specific and company-specific factors. These qualitative factors are subjective and require a degree of management judgment. 
 
 We measure the allowance for credit losses on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist and on an individual basis when we determine that similar risk characteristics do not exist. We identify finance receivables for individual evaluation based on past due status and information available about the customer, such as financial statements, news reports and published credit ratings, as well as general information regarding industry trends and the economic environment in which our customers operate. The allowance for credit losses attributable to finance receivables that are individually evaluated is based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the receivables effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent receivables or the observable market price of the receivable. In determining collateral value, we estimate the current fair market value of the collateral less selling costs. We also consider credit enhancements such as additional collateral and contractual third-party guarantees. 
 
 25 

While management believes it has exercised prudent judgment and applied reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that in the future, changes in economic conditions or other factors would not cause changes in the financial health of our customers. If the financial health of our customers deteriorates, the timing and level of payments received could be impacted and therefore, could result in a change to our estimated losses. Holding other variables constant, a 10 percent increase in estimated loss given default would result in an 18 million increase to the allowance for credit losses related to our customer finance receivables as of December 31, 2022. Holding other variables constant, a 10 percent increase in estimated probabilities of default would result in a 17 million increase to the allowance for credit losses related to our customer finance receivables as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Income taxes 
 We are subject to the income tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. These tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to our facts is sometimes open to interpretation. In establishing the provision for income taxes, we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. Our income tax positions and analysis are based on currently enacted tax law. Future changes in tax law or related interpretations could significantly impact the provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, and the deferred tax asset and liability balances. Changes in tax law are reflected in the period of enactment with related interpretations considered in the period received. 
 
 Despite our belief that our tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, we believe that taxing authorities could challenge certain positions. Settlement of any challenge can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. We record tax benefits for uncertain tax positions based upon management s evaluation of the information available at the reporting date. To be recognized in the financial statements, a tax benefit must be at least more likely than not of being sustained based on technical merits. The benefit for positions meeting the recognition threshold is measured as the largest benefit more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Significant judgment is required in making these determinations and adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits may be necessary to reflect actual taxes payable upon settlement. Adjustments related to positions impacting the effective tax rate affect the provision for income taxes. Adjustments related to positions impacting the timing of deductions impact deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 Deferred tax assets generally represent tax benefits for tax deductions or credits available in future tax returns. Certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making this assessment, management analyzes the trend of U.S. GAAP earnings and estimates the impact of future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and available prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Should a change in facts or circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the ultimate realizability of a deferred tax asset, we record or adjust the related valuation allowance in the period that the change in facts and circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or decrease in the provision for income taxes. 
 
 Income taxes are based on the statutory tax rate of the jurisdiction in which earnings are subject to taxation. That statutory rate may differ from the statutory rate of the jurisdiction in which that entity is incorporated. Taxes are paid in the jurisdictions where earnings are subject to taxation. 
 
 Additional information related to income taxes is included in Note 11 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 26 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Our earnings and cash flow are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Our Risk Management Policy (policy) allows for the use of derivative financial instruments to prudently manage foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate exposures. Our policy specifies that derivatives are not to be used for speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 Interest rate movements create a degree of risk by affecting the amount of interest receipts and payments on our finance receivables and debt portfolios. Our practice is to use interest rate contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate changes. 
 
 We have a match-funding policy that addresses interest rate risk by aligning the interest rate profile (fixed or floating rate and duration) of our debt portfolio with the interest rate profile of our finance receivables portfolio within predetermined ranges on an ongoing basis. In connection with that policy, we use interest rate derivative instruments to modify the debt structure to match assets within the finance receivables portfolio. This matched funding reduces the volatility of margins between interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities, regardless of which direction interest rates move. 
 
 In order to properly manage sensitivity to changes in interest rates, we measure the potential impact of different interest rate assumptions on pre-tax earnings. All on-balance sheet positions, including derivative financial instruments, are included in the analysis. The primary assumptions included in the analysis are that there are no new fixed rate assets or liabilities, the proportion of fixed rate debt to fixed rate assets remains unchanged and the level of floating rate assets and debt remain constant. We estimate a 100 basis point immediate and sustained adverse change in interest rates to have a 12 million adverse impact on 2022 pre-tax earnings based on these assumptions and the balance sheet analysis as of December 31, 2022. Last year, similar assumptions and calculations yielded a potential 8 million adverse impact to 2021 pre-tax earnings. 
 
 This analysis does not necessarily represent our current outlook of future market interest rate movement, nor does it consider any actions management could undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that actual results would be consistent with the results of our estimate. 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
 We have balance sheet positions and expected future transactions denominated in foreign currencies, thereby creating exposure to movements in exchange rates. In managing foreign currency risk, our objective is to minimize earnings volatility resulting from conversion and the remeasurement of net foreign currency balance sheet positions and future transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Our policy allows the use of foreign currency forward, option and cross currency contracts to offset the risk of currency mismatch between our assets and liabilities and exchange rate risk associated with future transactions denominated in foreign currencies. As a result of this policy, the potential loss in fair value from such financial instruments from a 10 percent adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to all other currencies would be largely offset by changes in the values of the underlying hedged exposures. Neither our policy nor the effect of a 10 percent change in the value of the U.S. dollar has changed from that reported at the end of last year. 
 
 This analysis does not necessarily represent our current outlook for the U.S. dollar relative to all other currencies, nor does it consider any actions management could undertake in response to changes in the foreign currency markets. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that actual results would be consistent with the results of our estimate. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Information required by Item 8 is included following the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 
 
 27 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the company's disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Cat Financial is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the last fiscal quarter, there has been no significant change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Disclosures Required Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, Caterpillar Eurasia LLC, one of our affiliates, engaged in limited transactions or dealings with the Federal Security Service of Russia (the FSB ). Specifically, Caterpillar Eurasia LLC, from time to time, directly or indirectly, makes required submissions to and receives regulatory authorizations from the FSB related to the importation of software used in the on-board telematics and control systems of Caterpillar machines that are imported into Russia. Caterpillar Eurasia LLC did not generate any net revenue or net profits from such approval activity and does not make any sales to or have other dealings with the FSB. Caterpillar Eurasia LLC plans to continue these activities as long as it remains lawful to do so. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

PART III 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Caterpillar, our principal accounting fees and services are subject to Caterpillar s Audit Committee pre-approval as described in its Annual Meeting Proxy Statement, which is available on Caterpillar s website (www.caterpillar.com), under Investors, Financial Information, Proxy Statement. 
 
 Fees for professional services provided by our independent auditor included the following: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 
 7.0 7.4 Audit-related fees (2) 
 Tax fees (3) 
 0.1 0.1 Total 7.1 7.5 
 (1) Audit fees principally includes audit and review of financial statements (including internal control over financial reporting), statutory and subsidiary audits, SEC registration statements, comfort letters and consents. 
 (2) Audit-related fees principally includes attestation services requested by management, accounting consultations and pre- or post- implementation reviews of processes or systems. 
 (3) Tax fees includes fees related to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report. 1 Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Statements of Profit Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Equity Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 2 Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules are omitted because the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto or considered to be immaterial. 3 Exhibits: 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10 for the year ended December 31, 1984) 3.2 Bylaws of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended June 30, 2005) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 15, 1985, between the Company and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3) 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 1986, amending the Indenture dated as of April 15, 1985, between the Company and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended June 20, 1986) 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 15, 1987, amending the Indenture dated as of April 15, 1985, between the Company and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 24, 1987) 
 29 

4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 2, 1989, amending the Indenture dated as of April 15, 1985, between the Company and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 16, 1989) 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 1990, amending the Indenture dated April 15, 1985, between the Company and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 29, 1990) 4.6 Indenture, dated as of July 15, 1991, between the Company and Continental Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 25, 1991) 4.7 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2005, amending the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1991, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust National Association (as successor to the former Trustee) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed October 20, 2005) 
 4.8 Support Agreement, dated as of December 21, 1984, between the Company and Caterpillar (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s amended Form 10, for the year ended December 31, 1984) 4.9 First Amendment to the Support Agreement dated June 14, 1995, between the Company and Caterpillar (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 15, 1995) 
 4.10 Description of the registrant s Medium-Term Notes, Series H, 3.300 Notes Due 2024 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 The registrant hereby undertakes upon request to furnish the Commission with a copy of any instrument with respect to long-term debt where the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 10.1 Amended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2018, between the Company and Caterpillar (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended June 30, 2018) 
 10.2 Credit Agreement (202 2 364-Day Facility), dated a s of September 1 , 202 2 , by and among Caterpillar Inc., the Company , Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company and Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, certain financial institutions named therein, Citibank, N.A., as agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and MUFG Bank, Ltd. as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6 , 202 2 
 10.3 Local Currency Addendum to the Credit Agreement (2022 364-Day Facility) , dated as of September 1 , 202 2 , among the Company, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, the Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent and Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6 , 202 2 
 10.4 Japan Local Currency Addendum to the Credit Agreement 2022 364 - Day Facility), dated as of September 1, 2022, among the Company, Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, the Japan Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022) 
 10.5 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three-Year Facility), dated as of September 1 , 20 22 , by and among the Company, Caterpillar Inc. , Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company and Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, certain financial institutions named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6 , 20 22 
 10.6 Local Currency Addendum to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three-Year Facility), dated as of September 1 , 20 22 , among the Company, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, the Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A. , a s Agent and Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch , as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6 , 20 22 
 10.7 Japan Local Currency Addendum to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Three-Year Facility), dated as of September 1 , 2 0 22 , among the Company, Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, the Japan Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A. , as Agent and MUFG Bank, Ltd. , as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6 , 20 22 
 
 30 

10.8 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Five-Year Facility), dated as of September 1 , 20 22 , by and among the Company, Caterpillar Inc. , Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company and Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, certain financial institutions named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6 , 20 22 
 10.9 Local Currency Addendum to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Five -Year Facility), dated as of September 1, 2022, among the Company, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, the Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent and Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2022) 
 10.10 Japan Local Currency Addendum to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Five -Year Facility), dated as of September 1, 2022, among the Company, Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, the Japan Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022) 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of President, Director and Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, as required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, as required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of President, Director and Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, as required pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 31 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation February 15, 2023 /s/ James M, Rooney James M. Rooney, Secretary 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 February 15, 2023 /s/ David T. Walton President, Director and Chief Executive Officer David T. Walton February 15, 2023 /s/ Andrew R.J. Bonfield Director Andrew R.J. Bonfield February 15, 2023 /s/ Kristen R. Covey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Kristen R. Covey February 15, 2023 /s/ Sumeet Puri Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Sumeet Puri 

32 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of profit, comprehensive income, changes in shareholder s equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As disclosed in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholder's equity, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for credit losses in 2020. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 33 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Customer Finance Receivables Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the collectively evaluated customer finance receivables allowance for credit losses makes up a significant portion of total customer finance receivable allowance for credit losses of 277 million. As disclosed by management, the allowance for credit losses is management s estimate of expected credit losses over the life of the customer finance receivables portfolio measured on a collective (pool) basis calculated using loss forecast models utilizing probabilities of default and management s estimated loss given default based on past loss experience adjusted for current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts and scenarios capturing country and industry-specific economic factors. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the customer finance receivables allowance for credit losses is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in determining the probabilities of default adjusted for country and industry-specific economic factors utilized in their models; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to probabilities of default adjusted for country and industry-specific economic factors, and the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the determination of the allowance for credit losses, including controls relating to management s consideration of probabilities of default and country and industry-specific economic factors. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for determining the allowance for credit losses estimate, (ii) testing the data used by management, including underlying customer finance receivable data and country and industry-specific economic factors, and (iii) involving professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the models used in the allowance for credit losses, the reasonableness of probabilities of default assumptions, and the selection of country and industry-specific economic factors. 
 
 /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Nashville, Tennessee 
 February 15, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1984. 
 34 

Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Retail finance Operating lease Wholesale finance Other, net Total revenues Expenses: Interest Depreciation on equipment leased to others General, operating and administrative Provision for credit losses Other Total expenses Other income (expense) ) ) ) Profit before income taxes Provision for income taxes Profit of consolidated companies Less: Profit attributable to noncontrolling interests Profit attributable to Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 35 

Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Profit of consolidated companies Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax (Note 9): Foreign currency translation ) ) Derivative financial instruments Total Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 36 

Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 At December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions, except share data) 
 
 2022 2021 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Finance receivables, net of Allowance for credit losses of and 
 Notes receivable from Caterpillar Equipment on operating leases, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholder s equity: Payable to dealers and others Payable to Caterpillar borrowings and other Accrued expenses Short-term borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 10) Common stock - par value 
 Authorized: shares; Issued and 
 outstanding: share (at paid-in amount) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total shareholder s equity Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 37 

Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in Millions) 
 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Profit of consolidated companies Dividend paid to Caterpillar ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax Derivative financial instruments, net of tax Adjustment to adopt new accounting guidance (1) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Profit of consolidated companies Dividend paid to Caterpillar ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax ) ) Derivative financial instruments, net of tax Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Profit of consolidated companies Dividend paid to Caterpillar ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax ) ) ) Derivative financial instruments, net of tax Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) Adjustment to adopt new accounting guidance related to credit losses. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 38 

Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31 , 
 (Dollars in Millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Profit of consolidated companies Adjustments for non-cash items: Depreciation and amortization Accretion of Caterpillar purchased receivable revenue ) ) ) Provision for credit losses Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Other assets Payable to dealers and others Accrued expenses ) ) Other payables with Caterpillar ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Expenditures for equipment on operating leases ) ) ) Capital expenditures - excluding equipment on operating leases ) ) ) Proceeds from disposals of equipment Additions to finance receivables ) ) ) Collections of finance receivables Net changes in Caterpillar purchased receivables ) Proceeds from sales of receivables Net change in variable lending to Caterpillar ) ) Additions to other notes receivable from Caterpillar ) ) ) Collections of other notes receivable from Caterpillar Settlements of undesignated derivatives ) ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in variable lending from Caterpillar ) Proceeds from debt issued (original maturities greater than three months) Payments on debt issued (original maturities greater than three months) ) ) ) Short-term borrowings, net (original maturities three months or less) ) Dividend paid to Caterpillar ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year (1) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year (1) 
 Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes, net (1) As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 restricted cash, which is included in Other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, was million, million and million, respectively. Restricted cash primarily includes cash related to syndication activities. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 

C. 

D. 
 days past due). We resume recognition of revenue and recognize previously suspended income when we consider collection of remaining amounts to be probable. We write off interest earned but uncollected prior to the receivables being placed on non-accrual status through Provision for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, we consider it to be uncollectible. 
 
 We participate in certain marketing programs offered in conjunction with Caterpillar and/or Caterpillar dealers that allow us to periodically offer financing to customers at interest rates that are below market rates. Under these marketing programs, Caterpillar and/or the dealer funds an amount at the outset of the transaction, which we then recognize as finance revenue over the term of the financing. The funds we receive from Caterpillar and/or the dealer equal an amount that when combined with the customer s contractual interest provides us with a market interest rate. 

40 

E. 

F. 
 
 G. 
 
 H. 
 
 I. 
 
 41 

J. 

K. 

L. 
 
 M. New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Adoption of New Accounting Standards 
 
 We consider the applicability and impact of all Accounting Standards Updates (ASUs). We adopted the following ASU effective January 1, 2022, which did not have a material impact on our financial statements: 
 ASU Description 2021-05 Lessor Variable lease payments 
 42 

NOTE 2 
 
 Retail leases, net Caterpillar purchased receivables, net Wholesale loans, net (1) 
 Wholesale leases, net Total finance receivables Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total finance receivables, net 
 (1) Includes failed sale leasebacks. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Guaranteed residual value (1) 
 Unguaranteed residual value (1) 
 Unearned income ) ) ) ) ) ) Total 
 (1) For Retail loans and Wholesale loans, represents residual value on failed sale leasebacks. 
 
 Our finance receivables generally may be repaid or refinanced without penalty prior to contractual maturity and we also sell finance receivables to third parties to mitigate the concentration of credit risk with certain customers. 
 
 43 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively, and are included in retail and wholesale finance revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Profit. The residual values for finance leases are included in Finance receivables, net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Residual value adjustments are recognized through a reduction of finance revenue over the remaining lease term. 

44 

Write-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses (1) 
 ) Other ) ) ) ) Ending Balance (2) 
 Finance Receivables 
 (1) Excludes provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments and other miscellaneous receivables. 
 (2) Ending balances as of December 31, 2022 include higher reserves for the Russia and Ukraine portfolios. 
 
 Credit quality of finance receivables 
 At origination, we evaluate credit risk based on a variety of credit quality factors including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit ratings, loan-to-value ratios, probabilities of default, industry trends, macroeconomic factors and other internal metrics. On an ongoing basis, we monitor credit quality based on past-due status as there is a meaningful correlation between the past-due status of customers and the risk of loss. In determining past-due status, we consider the entire finance receivable past due when any installment is over days past due. 

45 

31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due EAME Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Asia/Pacific Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Mining Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Latin America Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Caterpillar Power Finance Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Totals by Aging Category Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Total 
 
 46 

31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due EAME Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Asia/Pacific Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Mining Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Latin America Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Caterpillar Power Finance Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Totals by Aging Category Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Total 
 
 Finance receivables in the Customer portfolio segment are substantially secured by collateral, primarily in the form of Caterpillar and other equipment. For those contracts where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, repayment of the outstanding amounts is generally expected to be provided through the operation or repossession and sale of the equipment. 
 
 Dealer 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total amortized cost of finance receivables within the Dealer portfolio segment was current, with the exception of million and million, respectively, that was 91+ days past due in Latin America, all of which was originated in 2017. 
 47 

EAME Asia/Pacific Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 
 
 (Millions of dollars) December 31, 2021 31-60 Days Past Due 61-90 Days Past Due 91+ Days Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Finance Receivables North America EAME Asia/Pacific Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 
 
 Non-accrual finance receivables 
 Recognition of income is suspended and the finance receivable is placed on non-accrual status when management determines that collection of future income is not probable. Contracts on non-accrual status are generally more than days past due or have been restructured in a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). Recognition is resumed and previously suspended income is recognized when the collection of remaining amounts is considered probable. Payments received while the finance receivable is on non-accrual status are applied to interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms. Interest earned but uncollected prior to the receivable being placed on non-accrual status is written off through Provision for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, it is considered uncollectible. 
 
 48 

EAME Asia/Pacific Mining Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 
 
 There was million, million and million of interest income recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for customer finance receivables on non-accrual status. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, finance receivables in our Dealer portfolio segment on non-accrual status were million and million, respectively, all of which was in Latin America. 
 
 Troubled debt restructurings 
 A restructuring of a finance receivable constitutes a TDR when the lender grants a concession it would not otherwise consider to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Concessions granted may include extended contract maturities, inclusion of interest only periods, below market interest rates, payment deferrals and reduction of principal and/or accrued interest. We individually evaluate TDR contracts and establish an allowance based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the receivable s effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent receivables or the observable market price of the receivable. 
 
 There were finance receivables modified as TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for the Dealer or Caterpillar Purchased Receivables portfolio segments. 
 EAME Asia/Pacific Mining Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 
 
 49 

EAME Asia/Pacific Mining Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 
 
 percent of our total portfolio of which customers in North America were approximately percent. No single customer or dealer represented a significant concentration of credit risk. We typically maintain a security interest in retail financed equipment and, in some instances, wholesale financed equipment. We also require physical damage insurance coverage on all financed equipment. 

NOTE 3 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Equipment on operating leases, net 
 
 Our lease agreements may include options for the lessee to purchase the underlying asset at the end of the lease term for either a stated fixed price or fair market value. 
 
 We determine the residual value of leased equipment based on its estimated end-of-term market value. We estimate the residual value of leased equipment at the inception of the lease based on a number of factors, including historical wholesale market sales prices, past remarketing experience and any known significant market/product trends. We also consider the following critical factors in our residual value estimates: lease term, market size and demand, total expected hours of usage, machine configuration, application, location, model changes, quantities, third-party residual guarantees and contractual customer purchase options. The residuals for leases classified as operating leases are included in Equipment on operating leases, net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 During the term of our leases, we monitor residual values. For operating leases, we record adjustments to depreciation expense reflecting changes in residual value estimates prospectively on a straight-line basis. 
 
 The carrying amount of residual assets covered by residual value guarantees and subject to operating leases was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

50 

NOTE 4 
 Collateral held for resale, at net realizable value Deferred and refundable income taxes Property and equipment, net Other (1) 
 Total Other assets 
 (1) Includes Derivative financial instruments. See Note 8 for additional information. 

NOTE 5 
 global credit facilities with a syndicate of banks totaling billion (Credit Facility) available in the aggregate to both Caterpillar and us for general liquidity purposes. Based on management s allocation decision, which can be revised from time to time, the portion of the Credit Facility available to us as of December 31, 2022 was billion. Information on our Credit Facility is as follows: 
 
 The 364-day facility of billion (of which billion is available to us) expires in August 2023. 
 The three-year facility, as amended and restated in September 2022, of billion (of which billion is available to us) expires in August 2025. 
 The five-year facility, as amended and restated in September 2022, of billion (of which billion is available to us) expires in September 2027. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Caterpillar s consolidated net worth was billion, which was above the billion required under the Credit Facility. The consolidated net worth is defined in the Credit Facility as the consolidated shareholders equity including preferred stock but excluding the pension and other postretirement benefits balance within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our covenant interest coverage ratio was to . This was above the to minimum ratio, calculated as (1) profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain/(loss) from interest rate derivatives to (2) interest expense, calculated at the end of each calendar quarter for the rolling four quarter period then most recently ended, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 In addition, at December 31, 2022, our six-month covenant leverage ratio was to and our year-end covenant leverage ratio was to . This was below the maximum ratio of debt to net worth of to , calculated (1) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (2) at each December 31, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 In the event that either Caterpillar or we do not meet one or more of our respective financial covenants under the Credit Facility in the future (and are unable to obtain a consent or waiver), the syndicate of banks may terminate the commitments allocated to the party that does not meet its covenants. Additionally, in such event, certain of our other lenders under other loan agreements where similar financial covenants or cross default provisions are applicable, may, at their election, choose to pursue remedies under those loan agreements, including accelerating the repayment of outstanding borrowings. At December 31, 2022, there were borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 
 51 

billion. These committed and uncommitted credit lines, which may be eligible for renewal at various future dates or have no specified expiration date, are used primarily by our non-U.S. subsidiaries for local funding requirements. We may guarantee subsidiary borrowings under these lines. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million, respectively, outstanding against these credit lines and were in compliance with all debt covenants under these credit lines. 
 
 Notes receivable from/payable to Caterpillar 
 Under our variable amount and term lending agreements and other notes receivable with Caterpillar, we may borrow up to billion from Caterpillar and Caterpillar may borrow up to billion from us. The variable amount lending agreements are in effect for indefinite periods of time and may be changed or terminated by either party with 30 days notice. The term lending agreements have remaining maturities ranging up to . We had notes payable of million and notes receivable of million outstanding under these agreements as of December 31, 2022, compared with notes payable of million and notes receivable of million as of December 31, 2021. 

NOTE 6 
 Bank borrowings and other Variable denomination floating rate demand notes Total 

NOTE 7 
 billion of medium-term notes, of which billion were at fixed interest rates and million were at floating interest rates linked to SOFR. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding medium-term notes had remaining maturities ranging up to years. Debt issuance costs are capitalized and amortized to Interest expense using the effective yield method over the term of the debt issuance. Medium-term notes, net contain fair value adjustments for debt in a fair value hedge relationship. 
 
 Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Fair value adjustments ) Medium-term notes, net Bank borrowings and other Total 
 
 52 

2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 Long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 included million of medium-term notes that could be called by us at some point in the future at par. 
 
 Medium-term notes of million maturing in the first quarter of 2023 were excluded from Current maturities of long-term debt in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 due to a million issuance of medium-term notes on January 6, 2023 which mature in 2026. The preceding maturity table reflects the reclassification of million from maturities in 2023 to 2026. 

NOTE 8 
 53 

) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Undesignated derivatives Foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Assets are classified on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as Other assets. 
 (2) Liabilities are classified on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as Accrued expenses. 
 
 The total notional amount of our derivative instruments was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The notional amounts of derivative financial instruments do not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. We calculate the amounts exchanged by the parties by referencing the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives, such as foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. 
 
 54 

) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Foreign exchange contract gains (losses) are primarily from undesignated forward contracts and are included in Other income (expense). Interest rate contract gains (losses) are from designated fair value hedges and are included in Interest expense. 
 (2) Foreign exchange contract gains (losses) are primarily included in Other income (expense). Interest rate contract gains (losses) are included in Interest expense. 
 
 Long-term debt ) ) Total ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, million of deferred net gains, net of tax, included in equity (AOCI in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position), related to our cash flow hedges, are expected to be reclassified to earnings over the next twelve months. The actual amount recorded in earnings will vary based on interest rates and exchange rates at the time the hedged transactions impact earnings. 
 
 We enter into International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master netting agreements that permit the net settlement of amounts owed under their respective derivative contracts. Under these master netting agreements, net settlement generally permits us or the counterparty to determine the net amount payable for contracts due on the same date and in the same currency for similar types of derivative transactions. The master netting agreements may also provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with a counterparty in the case of an event of default or a termination event. 
 
 Collateral is typically not required of the counterparties or us under the master netting agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no cash collateral was received or pledged under the master netting agreements. 
 
 ) ) Financial instruments not offset ) ) Net amount ) ) 
 
 55 

million and million, respectively, before the application of any master netting agreements. 

NOTE 9 
 ) ) Gains (losses) on foreign currency translation ) ) Less: Tax provision/(benefit) ) Net gains (losses) on foreign currency translation ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance at end of year ) ) ) Derivative financial instruments Balance at beginning of year ) ) ) Gains (losses) deferred ) Less: Tax provision/(benefit) ) Net gains (losses) deferred ) (Gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) Less: Tax (provision)/benefit ) ) Net (gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance at end of year ) ) Total Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at end of year ) ) ) 

NOTE 10 

million. The maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted and without reduction for any amounts that may possibly be recovered under recourse or collateralized provisions) we could be required to make under the guarantees was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 56 

million and million, respectively, were primarily comprised of loans to dealers, which are included in Finance receivables, net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, and the SPC s liabilities of million and million, respectively, were primarily comprised of commercial paper, which is included in Short-term borrowings in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The assets of the SPC are not available to pay our creditors. We may be obligated to perform under the guarantee if the SPC experiences losses. No loss has been experienced or is anticipated under this loan purchase agreement. 
 
 Lending commitments 
 We have commitments to extend credit to customers and Caterpillar dealers through lines of credit and other pre-approved credit arrangements. We apply the same credit policies and approval process for these commitments to extend credit as we do for other financing. Collateral is not required for these commitments, but if credit is extended, collateral may be required upon funding. The amount of unused commitments to extend credit to Caterpillar dealers was billion at December 31, 2022 . We generally have the right to unconditionally cancel, alter, or amend the terms of these dealer commitments at any time. The amount of unused commitments to extend credit to customers was million at December 31, 2022 . A portion of these commitments is not expected to be fully drawn upon; therefore, the total commitment amounts do not represent a future cash requirement. 

NOTE 11 
 (Decreases) increases in taxes resulting from: State income tax, net of federal Tax ) ) Non-U.S. subsidiaries taxed at other than the U.S. rate Valuation allowances Other, net ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Included in the line item above labeled Non-U.S. subsidiaries taxed at other than the U.S. rate are the effects of local and U.S. taxes related to earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries and other permanent differences between tax and U.S. GAAP results. 
 
 The provision for income taxes for 2022, 2021 and 2020 also includes an increase in valuation allowance for non-U.S. deferred tax assets due to a decrease in consistent and/or sustainable profitability to support their recognition in certain jurisdictions, resulting in a million, million and million non-cash expense, respectively. 
 
 Distributions of profits from non-U.S. subsidiaries are not expected to cause a significant incremental U.S. tax impact in the future. However, these distributions may be subject to non-U.S. withholding taxes if profits are distributed from certain jurisdictions. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability for withholding taxes in non-U.S. jurisdictions where earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. Undistributed profits of non-U.S. subsidiaries of approximately billion are considered indefinitely reinvested. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to indefinitely reinvested 
 57 

Non-U.S. Total 
 
 Profit before income taxes, as shown above, is based on the location of the entity to which such earnings are attributable. Where an entity s earnings are subject to taxation, however, may not correlate solely to where an entity is located. Thus, the income tax provision shown below as U.S. or non-U.S. may not correspond to the earnings shown above. 
 
 Non-U.S. State (U.S.) Deferred income tax provision (benefit): U.S. ) ) ) Non-U.S. ) State (U.S.) ) ) ) ) ) Total Provision for income taxes 
 
 Current income tax provision is the amount of income taxes reported or expected to be reported on our income tax returns. We join Caterpillar in the filing of a consolidated U.S. Federal income tax return and certain state income tax returns. In accordance with our tax sharing agreement with Caterpillar, we generally pay to or receive from Caterpillar our allocated share of income taxes or credits reflected in these consolidated filings. This amount is calculated on a separate return basis by taking taxable income times the applicable statutory tax rate and includes payment for certain tax attributes earned during the year. 
 
 Income taxes payable were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 Accounting for income taxes under U.S. GAAP requires individual tax-paying entities of the Company to offset deferred income tax assets and liabilities within each particular tax jurisdiction and present them as a single amount in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Amounts in different tax jurisdictions cannot be offset against each other. 
 58 

Liabilities: Other liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes, net ) ) 
 
 Our consolidated deferred income taxes consisted of the following components as of December 31: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 Deferred income tax assets: Allowance for credit losses Tax carryforwards Revenue timing differences Other, net Deferred income tax liabilities: Capital assets, including lease basis differences ) ) Deferred income tax on translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets ) ) Deferred income taxes, net ) ) 
 
 million of U.S. state tax net operating losses (NOL) were available. These carryforwards primarily expire over the next eighteen years. The total deferred income tax asset associated with these NOL carryforwards is million as of December 31, 2022, partially offset by a valuation allowance of million. 
 
 In some U.S. state income tax jurisdictions, we join with other Caterpillar entities in filing combined income tax returns. In other U.S. state income tax jurisdictions, we file on a separate, stand-alone basis. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, NOL carryforwards in various non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions were approximately million. Of these, million expire between 2023 and 2033. The remaining carryforwards do not expire. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, valuation allowances of million and million have been recorded at certain non-U.S. subsidiaries and U.S. subsidiaries, respectively, that have not yet demonstrated consistent and/or sustainable profitability to support the recognition of net deferred income tax assets. 
 
 million valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 recorded against the entity s deferred tax assets may no longer be needed in 2023. Due to the uncertainty of inflation impacts on taxable income for one of our non-U.S. entities, we believe there is a reasonable possibility that we will need to record a valuation allowance in 2023 against some or all of the million deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022. The potential amounts of the valuation allowance changes are dependent on each entity s future taxable income. 
 
 59 

Additions for income tax positions related to current year Additions for income tax positions related to prior year Reductions for income tax positions related to settlements ) Balance at end of year Amount that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate 
 (1) Foreign currency translation amounts are included within each line as applicable. 
 
 We classify interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of the provision for income taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a benefit of less than million, an expense of million and a benefit of less than million in interest and penalties, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of accrued interest and penalties was million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 12 
 60 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 See Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 Loans measured at fair value 
 Certain loans are subject to measurement at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and are classified as Level 3 measurements. A loan is measured at fair value when management determines that collection of contractual amounts due is not probable and the loan is individually evaluated. In these cases, an allowance for credit losses may be established based either on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the receivables effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent receivables or the observable market price of the receivable. In determining collateral value, we estimate the current fair market value of the collateral less selling costs. We had loans carried at fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 B. Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
 Cash and cash equivalents, Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in Other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position) and Short-term borrowings (see Note 6) are classified as Level 1 measurements and carrying amount approximates fair value. We use the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments not carried at fair value: 
 
 Finance receivables, net we estimate fair value by discounting the future cash flows using current rates representative of receivables with similar remaining maturities. 
 Long-term debt we estimate fair value for fixed and floating-rate debt based on quoted market prices. 
 
 3 Note 2 Liabilities Long-term debt 2 Note 7 
 (1) Represents finance leases and failed sale leasebacks of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 13 
 million, million and million were paid to Caterpillar in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 61 

billion from Caterpillar, and Caterpillar may borrow up to billion from us. The variable amount lending agreements are in effect for indefinite periods of time and may be changed or terminated by either party with 30 days notice. The term lending agreements have remaining maturities ranging up to ten years. Information concerning these agreements was as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Payable to Caterpillar - borrowings as of December 31, Payable to Caterpillar - other as of December 31, Notes receivable from Caterpillar as of December 31, Other receivables from Caterpillar as of December 31, (2) 
 Interest expense Interest income on Notes Receivable with Caterpillar (1) 
 
 (1) Included in Other revenues, net in the Consolidated Statements of Profit. 
 (2) Included in Other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 We have agreements with Caterpillar to purchase certain trade receivables at a discount. In addition, we receive fee revenue from Caterpillar for our centralized activities benefiting the global factoring program. Cash flows related to our factoring programs with Caterpillar are included in Net changes in Caterpillar purchased receivables within investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Information pertaining to these purchases was as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Purchases made Revenue earned Purchased Receivables as of December 31, 
 
 We participate in certain marketing programs offered in conjunction with Caterpillar that allow us to periodically offer financing to customers at interest rates that are below market rates. Under these marketing programs, Caterpillar funds an amount at the outset of the transaction, which we then recognize as revenue over the term of the financing. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, relative to such programs, we received million, million and million, respectively. We have Finance receivables, net and Equipment on operating leases, net with Caterpillar of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized revenues of million, million and million, respectively, related to these finance receivables and operating leases. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized depreciation related to these operating leases of million, million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of our portfolio was subject to guarantees by Caterpillar and affiliates. 
 
 Caterpillar provides defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and other postretirement benefit plans to employees. We reimburse Caterpillar for these charges and other employee benefits paid by Caterpillar related to our employees. Further information about these plans is available in Caterpillar s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Caterpillar provides operational and administrative support, which is integral to the conduct of our business. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, these operational and support charges for which we reimburse Caterpillar amounted to million, million and million, respectively. In addition, we provide administrative support services to certain Caterpillar subsidiaries. Caterpillar reimburses us for these charges. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, these charges amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 We join Caterpillar in the filing of a consolidated U.S. Federal income tax return and certain state income tax returns. In accordance with our tax sharing agreement with Caterpillar, we generally pay to or receive from Caterpillar our allocated share of income taxes or credits reflected in these consolidated filings. This amount is calculated on a separate return basis by taking taxable income times the applicable statutory tax rate and includes payment for certain tax attributes earned during the year. 

62 

NOTE 14 

63 

EAME Asia/Pacific Latin America Mining Caterpillar Power Finance ) Total Segments Unallocated ) Timing ) Methodology ) Inter-segment Eliminations (1) 
 ) Total 

2021 
 External Revenues Profit before income taxes Interest Expense Depreciation on equipment leased to others Provision for credit losses Assets at 
 December 31, 2021 
 Capital expenditures North America EAME Asia/Pacific Latin America Mining ) Caterpillar Power Finance ) Total Segments Unallocated ) Timing ) Methodology ) Inter-segment Eliminations (1) 
 ) Total 

2020 
 External Revenues Profit before income taxes Interest Expense Depreciation on equipment leased to others Provision for credit losses Assets at 
 December 31, 2020 
 Capital expenditures North America EAME Asia/Pacific Latin America Mining Caterpillar Power Finance ) Total Segments Unallocated ) ) Timing ) ) Methodology ) ) Inter-segment Eliminations (1) 
 ) Total 
 (1) Elimination is primarily related to intercompany loans. 
 64 

All other Total Equipment on operating leases, net and property and equipment, net (included in Other assets) 2022 2021 Inside U.S. Inside Canada All other Total 
 
 65 

<EX-23>
 2
 cfsc-12312022x10kxex23.htm
 EX-23 AUDITOR'S CONSENT

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-237475 and 333-267717) of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation of our report dated February 15, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Nashville, TN 
 February 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cfsc-12312022x10kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, David T. Walton, certify that 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 s David T. Walton David T. Walton, President, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 cfsc-12312022x10kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, Kristen R. Covey, certify that 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 s Kristen R. Covey Kristen R. Covey, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 cfsc-12312022x10kxex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 s David T. Walton David T. Walton President, Director and Chief Executive Officer Date February 15, 2023 s Kristen R. Covey Kristen R. Covey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cfsc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cfsc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cfsc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cfsc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cfsc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

