<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_910108_0001444838-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20589022</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>364522</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5386042</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6310407</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4444721</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3798065</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001444838-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216133525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001444838-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LXP Industrial Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910108
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				133717318
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12386
		FILM NUMBER:		23637888

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PENN PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4015
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 692-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PENN PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4015
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEXINGTON REALTY TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEXINGTON CORPORATE PROPERTIES TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEXINGTON CORPORATE PROPERTIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930816

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001444838-23-000006.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 lxp-20221231.htm
 10-K

lxp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________________ to ________________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation of organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.0001 per share, classified as common stock common shares of LXP Industrial Trust held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, which was the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was based on the closing price of the common shares on the New York Stock Exchange as of that date, which was 10.74 per share. 
 Number of common shares outstanding as of February 14, 2023 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Description Page PART I ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 42 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 56 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 98 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 98 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 98 
 ITEM 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 98 
 PART III ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 99 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 99 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 99 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 99 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 99 
 PART IV ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 100 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Introduction 
 Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the Company, the Trust, LXP, we, our, and us refer collectively to LXP Industrial Trust and its consolidated subsidiaries. All of the Company's interests in properties are held, and all property operating activities are conducted, through special purpose entities, which we refer to as property owner subsidiaries or lender subsidiaries and are separate and distinct legal entities, but in some instances are consolidated for financial statement purposes and/or disregarded for income tax purposes. 
 When we use the term REIT, we mean real estate investment trust. All references to 2022, 2021 and 2020 refer to our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 When we use the term GAAP, we mean United States generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time. 
 When we use the term common shares, we mean our shares of beneficial interest par value 0.0001, classified as common stock. When we use the term Series C Preferred Shares, we mean our beneficial interest classified as 6.50 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 When we use the term base rent, we mean GAAP rental revenue and ancillary income, but excluding billed tenant reimbursements and lease termination income. 
 When we use the term Annualized Cash Base Rent, ABR we mean the period end cash base rent multiplied by 12. For leases with free rent periods or that were signed prior to the end of the quarter but have not commenced, the first cash base rent payment is multiplied by 12. 
 When we use Stabilized Portfolio, we mean all real estate properties other than acquired or developed properties that have not achieved 90 occupancy within one-year of acquisition or substantial completion. Non-stabilized, substantially completed development projects are classified within investments in real estate under construction. 
 The terms FFO, Adjusted Company FFO, and NOI are defined in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. 
 Cautionary Statements Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by us, contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words believes, expects, intends, anticipates, estimates, projects, may, plans, predicts, will, will likely result or similar expressions. Readers should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results, performances or achievements. In particular, among the factors that could cause actual results, performances or achievements to differ materially from current expectations, strategies or plans include, among others, those risks discussed below under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Accordingly, there is no assurance that our expectations will be realized. 

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 We are a Maryland real estate investment trust, qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, focused on single-tenant warehouse/distribution real estate investments. A majority of our properties are subject to net or similar leases, where the tenant bears all or substantially all of the costs, including cost increases, for real estate taxes, utilities, insurance and ordinary repairs. However, certain leases provide that the landlord is responsible for certain operating expenses. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had equity ownership interests in approximately 116 consolidated real estate properties, located in 21 states and containing an aggregate of approximately 54.0 million square feet of space, approximately 99.5 of which was leased. 
 
 History and Current Corporate Structure 
 We became a Maryland REIT in December 1997. Prior to that, our predecessor was organized in the state of Delaware in October 1993 upon the rollup of two partnerships focused on the investment in diversified net-leased assets. Primarily all of our business is conducted through wholly-owned subsidiaries, but we conduct a portion of our business through an operating partnership subsidiary, Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P., which we refer to as LCIF. 
 Historically, LCIF enabled us to acquire properties by issuing limited partner interests in LCIF, which we refer to as OP units, to sellers of property, as a form of consideration in exchange for the property. The outstanding OP units not held by LXP are generally redeemable for our common shares on a one OP unit for approximately 1.13 common shares basis, or, at our election in certain instances, cash. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 0.7 million OP units outstanding, other than OP units held by LXP, which were convertible into approximately 0.8 million common shares, assuming redemptions are satisfied entirely with common shares. 
 Since December 31, 2015 through December 31, 2022, we transitioned our portfolio from approximately 16 warehouse/distribution assets to approximately 98 warehouse/distribution assets. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 109 warehouse/distribution facilities and seven other properties. 

Strategy 
 General. Our business strategy is focused on growing our portfolio with attractive warehouse/distribution properties in target markets while maintaining a strong, flexible balance sheet to allow us to act on opportunities as they arise. We acquire and develop warehouse/distribution properties in markets with strong income and growth characteristics that we believe provide an optimal balance of income and capital appreciation. 
 We provide capital to merchant builders by providing construction financing and/or a takeout for build-to-suit projects and speculative development properties. We believe our development strategy has the potential to provide us with higher returns than we could obtain by acquiring fully-leased buildings. We also believe our strategy mitigates against certain development risks and overhead costs because we partner with merchant builders, who are generally responsible for typical cost overruns. However, we are constantly exploring ways to be more efficient and earn higher returns. 
 We believe our current strategy mitigates against unexpected costs and the cyclicality of many asset classes and investment strategies and provides shareholders with a secure dividend. We believe our strategy is more conservative than most industrial REITs. We believe our strategy provides defensive attributes for investors in the industrial sector and better growth potential for investors compared to the net lease sector. 
 Target Markets . We focus our investment strategy on growing markets where we believe there are advantages to building a geographic concentration. 
 Our target markets are where we believe there are strong growth prospects for us to build a concentration of assets. Strong growth prospects are generally determined by: 
 Expanding transportation and logistics networks; 
 Distances to major population centers; 
 Population growth; 
 Physical and regulatory constraints; 
 Labor cost and availability; 
 Utility costs; 
 Land cost and availability; and 
 Re-tenanting opportunities and costs. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

We focus our investments in the Sunbelt and Midwest. Our current target markets consist of the following: 
 
 We expect to grow in these markets by executing on our development pipeline and opportunistically acquiring facilities in these markets. 
 
 The following markets are where we are currently invested, but we own no more than two assets, the markets do not meet enough of our investment criteria, and we do not expect to build our concentration: 
 
 Detroit, MI; 
 Kansas City, MO; 
 St. Louis, MO; 
 Cleveland, OH; 
 Champaign-Urbana, IL; 
 Erwin, NY; 
 New York/New Jersey; and 
 Philadelphia, PA. 
 
 We expect to opportunistically exit these markets. 
 
 Building Type . We target general purpose warehouse/distribution facilities that are versatile, easily leased to alternative users and have other attractive features, including some or all of the following features: 
 Clear heights generally ranging from 28 feet for smaller buildings to 40 feet for larger buildings; 
 Wide column spacing and speed bays; 
 Efficient loading dock ratios; 
 Deep truck courts; 
 Cross docking for larger facilities; and 
 Ample trailer and employee parking. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

The average age of our warehouse/distribution properties as of December 31, 2022, was approximately 8.8 years. 
 
 Tenants . We believe we have a diversified tenant base and are not dependent upon any one tenant. While we invest primarily in single-tenant facilities, we believe our tenant credit strength mitigates somewhat against binary risk in occupancy. As of December 31, 2022, our largest tenant represented 6.8 of our ABR and 54.2 of our ABR were from tenants with investment grade credit ratings (either tenant, guarantor or parent/ultimate parent). See Item 2 Properties Tenant Diversification. 
 
 Institutional Fund Management. We also provide advisory services and co-invest with high-quality institutional investors in non-consolidated entities. Two of these institutional joint ventures, for which there are no future commitments, are invested in non-industrial assets. 
 
 The third institutional joint venture, NNN MFG Cold JV L.P. MFG Cold JV ), owns a portfolio of 22 special purpose industrial assets comprised of manufacturing and cold storage facilities in which we held a 20 interest as of December 31, 2022. MFG Cold JV has additional equity commitments of 250 million, of which our proportionate share is 50 million, for the acquisition of special purpose industrial properties outside of our core warehouse/distribution focus. We believe investing in special purpose industrial properties in a joint venture structure allows us to mitigate the risk of investing in these types of industrial assets while earning certain fees related to the operation and growth of the joint venture. MFG Cold JV did not make any acquisitions in 2022. 
 
 Our institutional joint ventures use non-recourse mortgage loans to finance their investments. 
 
 Insurance 
 We maintain comprehensive property, liability and pollution insurance policies with limits and deductibles that we believe are appropriate for our portfolio. Our property insurance policy includes business interruption and windstorm coverage. The premiums for our property, liability and pollution insurance are generally reimbursed by our tenants. We also maintain Directors and Officers, Crime, Fiduciary Liability, Employment Practices Liability, Cyber and Miscellaneous Professional Liability insurance. 
 
 Regulation 
 We are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including: 
 REIT . We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the Code, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 1993. We intend to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal corporate income taxes on our net taxable income that is currently distributed to our common shareholders. We conduct certain taxable activities through our taxable REIT subsidiary, Lexington Realty Advisors, Inc. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act . Our properties must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, or the Americans with Disabilities Act, to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act. Although we believe that our properties in the aggregate substantially comply with current requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, and we have not received any notice for correction, we have not conducted a comprehensive audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine whether we are in compliance. 
 Environmental Matters . Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, an owner of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under such property as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances. 
 Competition 
 There are numerous developers, real estate companies, financial institutions, such as banks and insurance companies, and other investors with greater financial or other resources that compete with us in seeking properties for acquisition and tenants who will lease space in these properties. 
 Operating Segments 
 We manage our operations on an aggregated, single segment basis for purposes of assessing performance and making operating decisions, and accordingly, have only one reporting and operating segment. While we have target markets, we do not allocate capital by market or operate properties in specific markets independent of our overall portfolio. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 
 While our investment focus is on physical assets, human capital is critical to our success. We believe investing in our team will result in value creation for our shareholders. We maintain a supportive work atmosphere that values community and promotes professional and personal growth, work autonomy and health and wellness. We rely on our employees and the employees of our contractors and vendors to operate our business and implement our strategy. 
 Employees . As of December 31, 2022, we had 66 full-time employees and one part-time employee. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Each of our employees work in one or more of the following departments: Investments, Asset Management, Accounting, Tax, Corporate, Legal and Information Technology. 
 Other than certain members of our executive officers, we do not believe that any one employee is material to our operations, but we believe that all of our employees are important for our operations. 
 On at least an annual basis, our Chief Executive Officer submits a management succession plan that provides for the ordinary course and emergency succession for our Chief Executive Officer and other key members of management, which is reviewed by the Nominating and ESG Committee of our Board of Trustees and, ultimately, our Board of Trustees. 
 Most of our employees continue to work remotely or on a hybrid basis. We hold in person employee events, but also regularly engage with our employees through company-wide video-conference meetings and social events. 
 Attraction Retention of Talent . We attract talent by maintaining a positive and good culture and providing competitive compensation and benefits. Some of our benefit highlights are: 
 The compensation for employees with the title Assistant Vice President and above generally includes long-term equity awards, giving them ownership in us in an effort to retain their services. 
 Medical insurance with a portion of the premiums paid by us. The minimum employee portion of premium to participate in one of the medical insurance plans for a single employee making less than 100,000 in base salary per year is 1 per month. 
 Dental and vision benefits at no cost to all of our employees. 
 A minimum of 14 paid time off, or PTO, days for first year employees, which increases to 19 PTO days in the third and fourth year of employment and 24 PTO days in the fifth year of employment. 
 A 401(k) plan where all employees can defer a portion of their compensation and receive matching and profit sharing contributions from the Company. 
 Flexible working arrangements where employees are able to work from home on specified days per workweek. 
 Professional development policy providing full reimbursement for career-relevant trainings and classes and professional organizations and other resources. 
 Employee stock purchase plan where all employees can defer a portion of their salary to purchase Company stock at a discount. 
 Semi-annual performance reviews and an online platform to provide real-time feedback. 
 Due to the small size of our employee base, our turnover is generally low. In 2022, six employees voluntarily or involuntarily separated service from us and we hired 10 employees for a net change of four employees. 
 
 Demographics . We believe there are many benefits to diversity in our employee base. Of our 66 full-time employees at December 31, 2022, 59.1 were female and 45.5 were non-white. Of our 11 executive employees at December 31, 2022, 18.2 were female and 9.1 were non-white. 
 In 2020, our employees formed a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee, or the DEIC. The mission of the DEIC is to actively promote diversity, equity and inclusion Company-wide as well as for and among our current and future stakeholders. To that end, the DEIC maintains programs and initiatives to motivate and empower LXP to make a positive difference, including programs focused on recruiting. Furthermore, we maintain a diversity, equity and inclusion policy. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Training and Development . In addition to our professional development policy, we maintain a variety of training programs for our employees, including annual trainings for sustainability, accounting, cybersecurity, human rights, harassment (for managers and non-managers) and anti-corruption/bribery. During 2022, none of our employees violated our anti-corruption/bribery policies and we did not pay any fines for violating anti-corruption/bribery laws or regulations. 
 Employee Engagement . We regularly engage our employees through the following methods: 
 During 2022, we conducted a mid-year performance review for our non-executive employees and a year-end performance review for all of our employees. The year-end performance review consisted of a 180-degree review where non-executive employees reviewed their immediate supervisor. We believe this 180-degree review provides an objective measurement of our employees' performance. Our executive employees are reviewed by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Trustees. 
 During 2022, we engaged our employees with several surveys, including an employee satisfaction survey. The participation rate for the employee satisfaction survey was 60 and we achieved an 84 overall satisfaction rate. 
 Human Rights . Respect for human rights and well-being is essential. We maintain an enterprise level human rights policy. 
 Vendors and Contractors . We outsource the following material functions: 
 Information Technology. We use TetherView, LLC for managed IT services and BDO USA, LLC for virtual chief technology officer services, including cybersecurity. 
 Internal Audit. We use Ernst Young LLP for our internal audit function. 
 Property Management. We primarily use CBRE, Cushman Wakefield and Jones Lang LaSalle for the management of our properties where we have operating responsibilities. We also use the management affiliates of the developer/sellers of properties we acquire for the management of such properties if we have operating responsibilities and we believe it is important for such management affiliates to continue to manage the property. 
 ESG. We use RE Tech Advisors (formerly Lord Green Real Estate Strategies, Inc.) to assist us with our environmental, social and governance, or ESG, initiatives. 
 We maintain a supplier code of conduct for our vendors and contractors. 

Summary of 2022 Transactions 
 The following summarizes certain of our transactions during 2022, including transactions disclosed elsewhere and in our other periodic reports. 
 Leasing Activity. 
 During 2022, we entered into new leases and lease extensions encompassing 4.1 million square feet. The average fixed rent on these extended leases was 5.36 per square foot compared to the average fixed rent on these leases before extension of 4.26 per square foot. The weighted-average cost of tenant improvements and lease commissions was 7.82 per square foot for new leases and 0.91 per square foot for extended leases. 
 Leased approximately 100 acres of industrial development land in the Phoenix, Arizona market for 20 years. 
 Investments. 
 Acquired three warehouse/distribution facilities for an aggregate cost of 131.2 million. 
 Completed and placed into service a 0.8 million square foot warehouse/distribution facility in the Greenville/Spartanburg, South Carolina market. 
 Commenced development of two warehouse/distribution facilities in the Central Florida market. 
 Invested an aggregate of 298.2 million in development activities, including 204.4 million in six ongoing development projects and 60 acres of developable land. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Capital Recycling. 
 Disposed of our interests in 10 properties and one land parcel for an aggregate gross disposition price of 197.0 million. 
 NNN Office JV L.P. disposed of six properties for an aggregate disposition price of 354.9 million and satisfied an aggregate of 229.5 million of non-recourse variable rate debt. We own 20 of the joint venture and we received aggregate proceeds of 28.1 million. 
 Debt . 
 Amended our revolving credit facility and the 2025 term loan to provide for a new revolving credit facility and the continuation of the 2025 term loan (the 2022 Credit Agreement ). The 2022 Credit Agreement, among other things: (i) extended the maturity date of the revolving portion from February 2023 to July 2026, with two six-month extension options, subject to certain conditions, (ii) reduced the applicable margin for the revolving portion of the credit facility by five basis points to a range from 0.725 to 1.40 , and allows for further reductions upon the achievement of to-be-determined sustainability metrics, (iii) amended the debt covenants by reducing the capitalization rate for determining asset value and (iv) transitioned the facility to SOFR. Simultaneously, we converted the interest rate swap agreements to Term SOFR, which resulted in a new fixed interest rate of 2.722 on the 2025 term loan. 
 Equity . 
 Increased the availability under the share repurchase program by 10.0 million shares. 
 Repurchased and retired 12.1 million common shares for an average price of 10.78 per common share. 
 Settled 16.0 million common shares previously sold on a forward basis as part of an underwritten equity offering for an aggregate settlement price of 183.4 million. 
 Settled 3.6 million common shares previously sold on a forward basis for net proceeds of 38.5 million. 

Corporate Responsibility 
 We understand the importance of aligning with our stakeholders on environmental, social, governance, and resilience, or ESG+R, matters. Our goal is to continue building a sustainable ESG+R platform that enhances both our company and shareholder value. We are committed to implementing sustainability measures across our organization, from the way in which we assess investment decisions to the business practices we promote at both the corporate and property levels. We believe our publicly disclosed ESG+R objectives will contribute to our ongoing long-term success on behalf of our stakeholders, including our shareholders, employees, tenants, suppliers, creditors, and local communities. 
 
 We find that communicating and engaging with our stakeholders to learn their needs enhances our knowledge and enables us to take actions that we believe may increase the value of our assets. We understand that each stakeholder has a specific point-of-view and unique needs. We seek to continuously identify avenues to engage with our stakeholders to better understand those needs, and we maintain a stakeholder engagement policy. During 2022, we held various meetings with our shareholders and tenants. We held townhall meetings with our employees, we completed questionnaires from shareholders and industry groups, and we engaged our tenants and employees with satisfaction surveys. 
 Due to the properties in our portfolio primarily being subject to net leases where tenants are responsible for maintaining the buildings and are in control of their energy usage and environmental sustainability practices, our ability to implement ESG +R initiatives throughout our portfolio may be limited. 
 The Nominating and ESG Committee of our Board of Trustees oversees our ESG +R strategy and initiatives. 
 Environmental, Sustainability and Climate Change 
 Developing strategies that reduce our environmental impact and operational costs is a critical component of our ESG+R program. When feasible, we will implement base building upgrades and provide tenants with improvement allowance funds to complete sustainability efforts. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Actions: 
 Track and monitor all landlord-paid utilities, and track tenant utility data wherever possible. 
 Strategically implement green building certifications to highlight sustainability initiatives and pursue ENERGY STAR certification for eligible properties annually. 
 Annually review and evaluate opportunities to improve efficiency, reduce operating costs, and reduce our properties' environmental footprint. 
 Evaluate the opportunity to increase renewable energy across the portfolio. 
 Performance: 
 Benchmarked landlord paid energy, water, waste, and recycling across the portfolio and working to expand tenant-paid utility data coverage. 
 Obtained green building certifications for six properties and ENERGY STAR certification for five properties in our portfolio during 2022. 
 Circulated and maintained sustainability-focused resources for tenants and property managers, including a Tenant Fit-Out Guide and an Industrial Tenant Sustainability Guide. 
 Evaluated sustainability and efficiency initiatives across the portfolio in an effort to reduce energy consumption and drive down greenhouse gas emissions. 
 Included ESG+R into metrics for executive cash incentive awards. 
 Social 
 We believe that actively engaging with stakeholders is critical to our business and ESG+R efforts, providing valuable insight to inform strategy, attract and retain top talent, and strengthen tenant relationships. 
 Actions: 
 Routinely engage with our tenants to understand leasing and operational needs at our assets and provide tools and resources to promote sustainable tenant operations. 
 Collaborate with tenants and property managers on health and well-being focused initiatives. 
 Assess our tenant and employee satisfaction and feedback through annual surveys. 
 Circulate ESG+R focused newsletter to tenants and maintain a tenant portal with ESG+R resources. 
 Provide our employees with periodic trainings, industry updates and access to tools and resources related to ESG+R. 
 Provide our employees with health and well-being resources focused on physical, emotional and financial health. 
 Track and highlight the diversity and inclusion metrics of our employees, board and executive management team. 
 Support and engage with local communities through philanthropic and volunteer events, focusing on food insecurity and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. 
 Incorporate sustainability clauses into tenant leases, allowing collaboration on our ESG+R initiatives. 
 Performance: 
 Conducted a tenant feedback survey through Kingsley Associates and achieved a satisfaction score in excess of the Kingsley Associates average. 
 Engaged with our employees through regular surveys, including an employee satisfaction survey. 
 Organized employee volunteer opportunities at non-profit organizations on Company time and held clothing and food drives. 
 Maintained a paid-time-off policy for employees to volunteer in their local communities. 
 Organized step and other health-related challenges for our employees. 
 Invited our employees to donate to non-profit organizations within the local communities of our office locations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Provided an employee assistance program with 24/7 unlimited access to referrals and resources for all work-life needs, including access to face-to-face and telephonic counseling sessions, legal and financial referrals and consultations. 
 Awarded as a 2022 Best Company to Work for in New York. 
 Formed a women's mentorship program, where female employees are paired with female mentors for career related advice and support. 
 Governance 
 Transparency to our stakeholders is essential. We pride ourselves on providing our stakeholders with regular reports and detailed disclosures on our operational and financial health and ESG+R efforts . 
 Actions: 
 Strive to implement best governance practices, mindful of the concerns of our shareholders. 
 Increase our ESG+R transparency and disclosure by providing regular ESG updates to shareholders and other stakeholders and aligning with appropriate reporting frameworks and industry groups, including GRESB, SASB, GRI and TCFD. 
 Monitor compliance with applicable benchmarking and disclosure legislation, including utility data reporting, audit and retro-commissioning requirements, and greenhouse gas emission laws. 
 Ensure employees operate in accordance with the highest ethical standards and maintain the policies outlined in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 Performance: 
 Updated and disclosed our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which includes a whistleblower policy, and provided annual training. 
 Performed enterprise risk assessments and management succession planning. 
 Participated in the GRESB Real Estate Assessment: 
 Placed 3rd in the U.S. Industrial Distribution/Warehouse listed peer group; 
 Achieved an overall score of 69, an increase compared to 2021; and, 
 Received Public Disclosure Score of A, above the global average, and placed first in the U.S. Industrial Peer Group. 
 Published our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report, aligned with GRI, SASB and TCFD. 
 Maintained a Stakeholder Engagement Policy to disclose our process when working with our key stakeholders, including investors, property management teams, and tenants. 
 Continued to support the UN Women's Empowerment Principles and the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion. 
 Conducted annual ESG+R training for asset managers, lease administrators and property managers. 
 Resilience 
 We believe that our resilience to climate change-related physical and transition risks is critical to our long-term success. 
 
 Actions: 
 
 Align our resilience program with the TCFD framework. 
 Evaluate physical and transition climate-related risks as part of our acquisition due diligence process. 
 Utilize climate analytics metrics to (1) identify physical risk exposure across the portfolio, (2) identify high risk assets and (3) implement mitigation measures and emergency preparedness plans. 
 Assess transition risks and opportunities arising from the shift to a low-carbon economy, including market, reputation, policy, legal, and technology. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Performance: 
 
 Engaged a third-party consultant to conduct ESG+R assessments on all new acquisitions. 
 Continued to be a supporter of the TCFD reporting framework. 
 Engaged a climate analytics firm to evaluate physical risk due to climate change across our portfolio. 
 Information Technology/Cybersecurity 
 We believe we maintain an information technology and cybersecurity program appropriate for a company our size taking into account our operations. We outsource our IT managed services to Tetherview LLC, which provides customized private cloud solutions featuring virtual desktops and servers in the Digital Bunker TM . The Digital Bunker TM is a zero-trust environment with 24/7 monitoring and is built to the NISI/ISO framework and is SOC 2 Type 2 Compliant. 
 
 We engage BDO USA, LLC to provide virtual Chief Technology Officer services, which includes cybersecurity advisory. We also maintain cybersecurity insurance providing coverage for certain costs related to security failures and specified cybersecurity-related incidents that interrupt our network or networks of our vendors, in all cases up to specified limits and subject to certain exclusions. 
 
 The Audit and Cyber Risk Committee of our Board of Trustees oversees our information technology and cybersecurity strategy and initiatives. One of the members of the Audit and Cyber Risk Committee of our Board of Trustees is an information technology/cybersecurity expert. Our management and BDO USA, LLC report to the Audit and Cyber Risk Committee on at least a quarterly basis. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 Principal Executive Offices. Our principal executive offices are located at One Penn Plaza, Suite 4015, New York, New York 10119-4015; our telephone number is (212) 692-7200. 
 
 Web Site. Our Internet address is www.lxp.com. We make available, free of charge, on or through the Investors section of our web site or by contacting our Investor Relations Department, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Also posted on our web site, and available in print upon request of any shareholder to our Investor Relations Department, are our declaration of trust and by-laws, charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and ESG Committee of our Board of Trustees, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing our trustees, officers and employees (which contains our whistleblower procedures). Within the time period required by the SEC and the NYSE, we will post on our web site any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to any of our trustees or executive officers or other people performing similar functions, and that relate to any matter enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. In addition, our web site includes information concerning purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and trustees as well as disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC's Regulation G) that we may make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or by similar means from time to time. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding LXP at http://www.sec.gov. Information contained on our web site or the web site of any other person is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any of our other filings with or documents furnished to the SEC. 
 Our Investor Relations Department can be contacted at LXP Industrial Trust, One Penn Plaza, Suite 4015, New York, New York 10119-4015, Attn: Investor Relations, by telephone: (212) 692-7200, or by e-mail: ir@lxp.com. 
 
 NYSE CEO Certification. Our Chief Executive Officer made an unqualified certification to the NYSE with respect to our compliance with the NYSE corporate governance listing standards in 2022. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Set forth below are material factors that may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We are subject to risks related to defaults under, or termination or expiration of, our leases. 
 
 We focus our acquisition activities on industrial real estate properties that are generally net leased to single tenants, and certain of our tenants and/or their guarantors constitute a significant percentage of our rental revenues. Therefore, the financial failure of, or other default by, a single tenant under its lease is likely to cause a significant or complete reduction in the operating cash flow generated by the property leased to that tenant and might decrease the value of that property and result in a non-cash impairment charge. If the tenant represents a significant portion of our rental revenues, the impact on our financial position may be material. Further, in any such event, our property owner subsidiary will be responsible for 100 of the operating costs following a vacancy at a single-tenant building. 
 
 Under current bankruptcy law, a tenant can generally assume or reject a lease within a certain number of days of filing its bankruptcy petition. If a tenant rejects the lease, a landlord's damages, subject to availability of funds from the bankruptcy estate, are generally limited to the greater of (1) one year's rent and (2) the rent for 15 of the remaining term of the lease, not to exceed three years. 
 
 Our property owner subsidiaries may not be able to retain tenants in any of our properties upon the expiration of leases. Upon the expiration or other termination of current leases, our property owner subsidiaries may not be able to re-let all or a portion of the vacancy, or the terms of re-letting (including the cost of concessions to tenants and leasing commissions) may be less favorable than current lease terms or market rates. If one of our property owner subsidiaries is unable to promptly re-let all or a substantial portion of the vacancy, or if the rental rates a property owner subsidiary receives upon re-letting are significantly lower than current rates, our earnings and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make expected distributions to our shareholders may be adversely affected due to the resulting reduction in rent receipts and increase in property operating costs. 
 
 Certain of our leases may permit tenants to terminate the leases to which they are a party. 
 
 Certain of our leases contain tenant termination options or economic discontinuance options that permit the tenants to terminate their leases. While these options generally require a payment by the tenants, in most cases, the payments will be less than the total remaining expected rental revenue. The termination of a lease by a tenant may impair the value of the property. In addition, we will be responsible for 100 of the operating costs following the termination by any such tenant and subsequent vacating of the property, and we will incur re-leasing costs. 
 
 Our ability to fully control the maintenance of our net-leased properties may be limited. 
 
 The tenants of our net-leased properties are responsible for maintenance and other day-to-day management of the properties or their premises. If a property is not adequately maintained in accordance with the terms of the applicable lease, we may incur expenses for deferred maintenance or other liabilities once the property is no longer leased. We generally visit our properties on an annual basis, but these visits are not comprehensive inspections and deferred maintenance items may go unnoticed. While our leases generally provide for recourse against the tenant in these instances, a bankrupt or financially-troubled tenant may be more likely to defer maintenance, and it may be more difficult to enforce remedies against such a tenant. 
 
 You should not rely on the credit ratings of our tenants. 
 
 Some of our tenants, guarantors and/or their parent or sponsor entities are rated by certain rating agencies. In certain instances, we may disclose the credit ratings of our tenants or their parent or sponsor entities even though those parent or sponsor entities are not liable for the obligations of the tenant or guarantor under the lease. Any such credit ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by these credit rating agencies and we cannot assure you that any such ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by these rating agencies in the future if, in their judgment, circumstances warrant. If these rating agencies assign a lower-than-expected rating or reduce or withdraw, or indicate that they may reduce or withdraw, the credit rating of a tenant, guarantor or its parent entity, the value of our investment in any properties leased by such tenant could significantly decline. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Our assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 We periodically evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on GAAP, which includes a variety of factors such as market conditions, the status of significant leases, the financial condition of major tenants and other factors that could affect the cash flow or value of an investment. Based on this evaluation, we may, from time to time, take non-cash impairment charges. These impairments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If we take an impairment charge on a property subject to a non-recourse secured mortgage and reduce the book value of such property below the balance of the mortgage on our balance sheet, upon foreclosure or other disposition, we may be required to recognize a gain on debt satisfaction. 
 
 Our real estate development activities are subject to additional risks. 
 
 Development activities generally require various government and other approvals, which we may not receive. We rely on third-party construction managers and/or engineers to monitor certain construction activities. If we engage or partner with a developer, we rely on the developer to monitor construction activities and our interests may not be aligned. In addition, development activities, including speculative development and redevelopment and renovation of vacant properties, are subject to risks including, but not limited to: 
 
 unsuccessful development opportunities could cause us to incur direct expenses; 
 
 construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project less profitable than originally estimated or unprofitable; 
 
 time required to complete the construction of a project or to lease up the completed project may be greater than originally anticipated, thereby adversely affecting our cash flow and liquidity; 
 
 legal action to compel performance of contractors, developers or partners may cause delays and our costs may not be reimbursed; 
 
 we may not be able to find tenants to lease the space built on a speculative basis or in a redeveloped or renovated building, which will impact our cash flow and ability to finance or sell such properties; 
 
 there may be gaps in warranty obligations of our developers and contractors and the obligations to a tenant; 
 
 occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable; and 
 
 favorable financing sources to fund development activities may not be available. 
 
 In addition, our development activities are subject to risks related to supply-chain disruptions and inflation, which increase costs and may delay completion. 
 
 A tenant s bankruptcy proceeding may result in the re-characterization of related sale-leaseback transactions or in the restructuring of the tenant's payment obligations to us, either of which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 We have entered and may continue to enter into sale-leaseback transactions, whereby we purchase a property and then lease the same property back to the person from whom we purchased it or a related person. In the event of the bankruptcy of a tenant, a transaction structured as a sale-leaseback may be re-characterized as either a financing or a joint venture. As a result of the foregoing, the re-characterization of a sale-leaseback transaction could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flow and the amount available for distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a financing, we might not be considered the owner of the property, and as a result, would have the status of a creditor in relation to the tenant. In that event, we would no longer have the right to sell or encumber our ownership interest in the property. Instead, we would have a claim against the tenant for the amounts owed under the lease, with the claim arguably secured by the property. The tenant/debtor might have the ability to propose a plan restructuring the term, interest rate and amortization schedule of the claims outstanding balance. If confirmed by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms and prevented from foreclosing our lien on the property. If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a joint venture, our tenant and we could be treated as co-venturers with regard to the property. As a result, we could be held liable, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the tenant relating to the property. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

A significant portion of our leases are long-term and do not have fair market rental rate adjustments, which could negatively impact our income and reduce the amount of funds available to make distributions to shareholders. 
 A significant portion of our rental income comes from long-term net leases, which generally provide the tenant greater discretion in using the leased property than ordinary property leases, such as the right to freely sublease the property, to make alterations in the leased premises and to terminate the lease prior to its expiration under specified circumstances. Furthermore, net leases typically have longer lease terms and, thus, there is an increased risk that contractual rental increases in future years will fail to result in fair market rental rates during those years. If we do not accurately judge the potential for increases in market rental rates when negotiating these long-term leases or if we are unable to obtain any increases in rental rates over the terms of our leases, significant increases in future property operating costs, to the extent not covered under the net leases, could result in us receiving less than fair value from these leases. As a result, our income and distributions to our shareholders could be lower than they would otherwise be if we did not engage in long-term net leases. 
 
 In addition, increases in interest rates may also negatively impact the value of our properties that are subject to long-term leases. While a significant number of our net leases provide for annual escalations in the rental rate, the increase in interest rates may outpace the annual escalations. 
 
 Interests in loans receivable are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss. 
 
 While loan receivables are not a primary focus, we make loans to purchasers of our properties and developers. Our interests in loans receivable are generally non-recourse and secured by real estate properties owned by borrowers that were unable to obtain similar financing from a commercial bank. These loans are subject to many risks including delinquency. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by a real estate property is typically and primarily dependent upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If a borrower were to default on a loan, it is possible that we would not recover the full value of the loan as the collateral may be non-performing or impaired. 
 
 Our inability to carry out our growth strategy could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our growth strategy is based on the acquisition and development of additional industrial properties and related assets. In the context of our business plan, development generally means an expansion or renovation of an existing property or the financing and/or acquisition of a newly constructed build-to-suit or speculative property and/or the development of a land parcel. For newly constructed properties, we may (1) provide a developer with either a combination of financing for the construction of a property or a commitment to acquire a property upon completion of construction of a property and commencement of rent from the tenant, (2) acquire a property subject to a lease and engage a developer to complete construction of a property as required by the lease, or (3) partner with a developer to acquire and develop or acquire on our own and engage a developer to develop land and pursue development opportunities. 
 
 Our plan to grow through the acquisition and development of new properties could be adversely affected by trends in the real estate and financing businesses. The consummation of any future acquisitions will be subject to satisfactory completion of an extensive valuation analysis and due diligence review and to the negotiation of definitive documentation. Our ability to implement our strategy may be impeded because we may have difficulty finding new properties and investments at attractive prices that meet our investment criteria, negotiating with new or existing tenants or securing acceptable financing. If we are unable to carry out our strategy, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Acquisitions of additional properties entail the risk that investments will fail to perform in accordance with expectations, including operating and leasing expectations. 
 
 Some of our acquisitions and developments may be financed using the proceeds of periodic equity or debt offerings, lines of credit or other forms of secured or unsecured financing that may result in a risk that permanent financing for newly acquired projects might not be available or would be available only on disadvantageous terms. If permanent debt or equity financing is not available on acceptable terms to refinance acquisitions undertaken without permanent financing, further acquisitions may be curtailed, or cash available to satisfy our debt service obligations and distributions to shareholders may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our investment and disposition activity may lead to dilution. 
 
 Our strategy is to increase our investment in general purpose, well located warehouse/distribution assets and reduce our direct exposure to all other asset types. We believe this strategy will lessen capital expenditures over time and mitigate revenue reductions on renewals and re-tenanting. To implement this strategy, we have been selling non-industrial assets and recapitalizing special purpose industrial assets, which generally have higher capitalization rates, and buying warehouse and distribution properties, which, in the current market, generally have lower capitalization rates. This strategy impacts growth in the short-term period. There can be no assurance that the implementation of our strategy will lead to improved results or that we will be able to execute our strategy as contemplated or on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Investment activities may not produce expected results and may be affected by outside factors. 
 The demand for industrial space in the United States is generally related to the level of economic output and consumer demand. Accordingly, reduced economic output and/or consumer demand may lead to lower occupancy rates for our properties. The concentration of our investments, among other factors, in industrial assets may expose us to the risk of economic downturns specific to industrial assets to a greater extent than if our investments were diversified. 
 
 Investment in commercial properties entail certain risks, such as (1) underwriting assumptions, including occupancy, rental rates and expenses, may differ from estimates, (2) the properties may become subject to environmental liabilities that we were unaware of at the time we acquired the property despite any environmental testing, (3) we may have difficulty obtaining financing on acceptable terms or paying the operating expenses and debt service associated with acquired properties prior to sufficient occupancy and (4) projected exit strategies may not come to fruition due to a variety of factors such as market conditions and/or tenant credit conditions at the time of dispositions. 
 
 We may not be successful in identifying suitable real estate properties or other assets that meet our investment criteria. We may also fail to complete investments on satisfactory terms. Failure to identify or complete investments could slow our growth, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Properties where we have operating responsibilities and multi-tenant properties expose us to additional risks. 
 
 Properties where we have operating responsibilities involve risks not typically encountered in real estate properties which are fully operated by a single tenant. The ownership of properties which are not fully operated by a single tenant expose us to the risk of potential "CAM slippage," which may occur when the actual cost of taxes, insurance and maintenance at the property exceeds the operating expenses paid by tenants and/or the amounts budgeted. Depending on the tenant s leverage in the lease negotiation, the tenant may be successful in negotiating for caps on certain operating expenses and we are responsible for any amounts in excess of any cap. 
 
 Multi-tenant properties are also subject to the risk that a sufficient number of suitable tenants may not be found to enable the property to operate profitably and provide a return to us. Moreover, tenant turnover and fluctuation in occupancy rates, could affect our operating results. This risk may be compounded by the failure of existing tenants to satisfy their obligations due to various factors. These risks, in turn, could cause a material adverse impact to our results of operations and business. 
 
 Uninsured losses or a loss in excess of insured limits could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage and rent loss insurance on certain of the properties in which we have an interest, with policy specifications and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar properties. However, with respect to those properties where the leases do not provide for abatement of rent under any circumstances, we generally do not maintain rent loss insurance. In addition, certain of our leases require the tenant to maintain all insurance on the property, and the failure of the tenant to maintain the proper insurance could adversely impact our investment in a property in the event of a loss. Furthermore, there are certain types of losses, such as losses resulting from wars, terrorism or certain acts of God, that generally are not insured because they are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose capital invested in a property as well as the anticipated future revenues from a property, while remaining obligated for any mortgage indebtedness or other financial obligations related to the property. Any loss of these types could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, misappropriation of assets and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 Cyber incidents may result in disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our tenant, investor and/or vendor relationships. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. Any processes, procedures and internal controls that we implement, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our financial results, operations, business relationships or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Insider or employee cyber and security threats are increasingly a concern for all companies, including ours. In addition, social engineering and phishing are a particular concern for companies with employees. As a landlord, we are also susceptible to cyber attacks on our tenants and their payment systems. We outsource the maintenance of our information technology systems to third party vendors. We are also continuously working to provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware and other cyber risks to ensure that we are protected, to the greatest extent possible, against cyber risks and security breaches. However, such outsource partners and training may not be sufficient to protect us from all risks. 
 
 As a smaller company, we use third-party vendors to maintain our network and information technology requirements. While we carefully select these third-party vendors, we cannot control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber attacks and security breaches at a vendor could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Competition may adversely affect our ability to purchase properties. 
 
 There are numerous other companies and individuals with greater financial and other resources and lower costs of capital than we have that compete with us in seeking investments and tenants. This competition may result in a higher cost for properties and lower returns and impact our ability to grow. 
 
 We may have limited control over our joint venture investments. 
 
 Our joint venture investments involve risks not otherwise present for investments made solely by us, including the possibility that our partner might, at any time, become bankrupt, have different interests or goals than we do, or take action contrary to our expectations, its previous instructions or our instructions, requests, policies or objectives, including our policy with respect to maintaining our qualification as a REIT. Other risks of joint venture investments include impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor our partner may have full control over the joint venture. Also, there is no limitation under our organizational documents as to the amount of funds that may be invested in joint ventures. 
 
 Our ability to change our portfolio is limited because real estate investments are illiquid. 
 
 Investments in real estate are relatively illiquid and, therefore, our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to changed conditions is limited. Our Board of Trustees may establish investment criteria or limitations as it deems appropriate, but currently does not limit the number or type of properties in which we may seek to invest or on the concentration of investments in any one geographic region. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees may change our investment policy without shareholders' approval. 
 
 Subject to our fundamental investment policy to maintain our qualification as a REIT, our Board of Trustees will determine our investment and financing policies, growth strategy and our debt, capitalization, distribution, acquisition, disposition and operating policies. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees may revise or amend these strategies and policies at any time without a vote by shareholders. Changes made by our Board of Trustees may not serve the interests of debt or equity security holders and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, including our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, distribute cash to shareholders and qualify as a REIT. Accordingly, shareholders' control over changes in our strategies and policies is limited to the election of trustees. 
 
 Industry and Economic Risks 
 
 The outbreak of highly infectious or contagious diseases, could adversely impact or cause disruption to our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, any such outbreak may disrupt U.S. and global financial markets and could potentially create widespread business continuity issues. 
 
 In recent years the outbreaks of a number of diseases, including Avian Bird Flu, H1N1, and COVID-19 have increased the risk of a pandemic. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic coincided with labor shortages and increased staffing costs for many companies operating in the United States. COVID-19 related disruptions to the international supply chain, including transportation and distribution delays, longer lead times for construction materials and increased construction costs have resulted in shortages of certain goods and inflationary conditions. These developments, as well as other geopolitical factors have resulted in prolonged inflationary conditions that have had a detrimental impact on our tenant base, our ability to lease vacant space and our ability to grow through development and acquisition. This has also resulted in market volatility and large decreases in global stock prices. These potential 
 17 

Table of Contents 

risks have also negatively impacted access to capital, which negatively impacts liquidity and our ability to execute our strategic plans. 
 
 The impacts of the outbreak could, among other things, negatively affect (i) the operation of our properties, (ii) the effectiveness of our strategic decision making, (iii) the operation of an effective cyber security function, (iv) the operation of our key information systems, (v) our ability to make timely filings with the SEC and (vi) our ability to maintain an effective control environment. 
 
 The rapid development and fluidity of any outbreak precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of such outbreak. Nevertheless, future pandemics could have, a significant adverse impact on economic and market conditions of economies around the world, including the United States, the results of which have and would present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Disruptions in the financial markets and uncertain economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms, the value of our real estate investments, and have other adverse effects on us. 
 
 Concerns over economic recession, the COVID-19 pandemic, interest rate increases, policy priorities of the U.S. presidential administration, trade wars, labor shortages, or inflation may contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets and have caused the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. Additionally, concern over geopolitical issues may also contribute to prolonged market volatility and instability. For example, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine has led to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries. The U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions have imposed severe economic sanctions, export controls and other against Russia and Russian interests, and have threatened additional sanctions and controls. The full impact of these measures, as well as potential responses to them by Russia, is unknown. 
 
 The United States credit markets have periodically experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions due to a variety of factors, including those enumerated above. These circumstances may materially impact liquidity in the debt markets, making financing terms for borrowers less attractive, and in certain cases may result in the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. Uncertainty in the credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional debt financing on reasonable terms, which may negatively affect our ability to make acquisitions. A prolonged downturn in the credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for us to sell properties or may adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of capital or difficulties in obtaining capital. These events in the credit markets may have an adverse effect on other financial markets in the United States, which may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of our common shares or preferred shares. These disruptions in the financial markets may have other adverse effects on us, our tenants or the economy in general. 
 
 These circumstances could also impact real estate fundamentals and result in lower occupancy, lower rental rates, and declining values in our real estate portfolio and in the real estate collateral securing any indebtedness. As a result, the value of our property investments could decrease below the amounts paid for such investments, the value of real estate collateral securing any indebtedness could decrease below the outstanding principal amounts of such indebtedness, and revenues from our properties could decrease due to fewer and/or delinquent tenants or lower rental rates. This could significantly harm our revenues, results of operations, financial condition, business prospects and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Natural disasters could adversely impact our results. 
 
 We invest in properties on a nationwide basis. Natural disasters, including earthquakes, storms, tornados, floods and hurricanes, could impact our properties in these and other areas in which we operate. Incurring losses, costs or business interruptions related to natural disasters may adversely affect our operating and financial results. 
 
 We are exposed to the potential impacts of future climate change. 
 
 We are exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate. Our properties, especially the properties near seaports, may be exposed to rare catastrophic weather events, such as severe storms, drought, earthquakes, floods, wildfires or other extreme weather events. If the frequency of extreme weather events increases, our exposure to these events could increase and could impact our tenants' operations and their ability to pay rent. We carry comprehensive insurance coverage to mitigate our casualty risk, in amounts and of a kind that we believe are appropriate for the markets where each of our properties and their business operations are located given climate change risk. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We may be adversely impacted in the future by potential impacts to the supply chain or stricter energy efficiency standards or greenhouse gas regulations for the commercial building sectors. Compliance with new laws or regulations relating to climate change, including compliance with green building codes, may require us to make improvements to our existing properties or result in increased operating costs that we may not be able to effectively pass on to our tenants. Any such laws or regulations could also impose substantial costs on our tenants, thereby impacting the financial condition of our tenants and their ability to meet their lease obligations and to lease or re-lease our properties. We cannot give any assurance that other such conditions do not exist or may not arise in the future. The potential impacts of future climate change on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell such properties or to borrow using such properties as collateral. 
 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. 
 
 We have a substantial amount of debt. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations under the documents governing our unsecured indebtedness and otherwise adversely impact our business and growth prospects. 
 
 We may be more leveraged than certain of our competitors. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, direct and indirect indebtedness in furtherance of our activities. Neither our declaration of trust nor any policy statement formerly adopted by our Board of Trustees limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, and accordingly, we could become even more highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2022, our total consolidated indebtedness was approximately 1.5 billion and we had approximately 600.0 million available for borrowing under our principal credit agreement, subject to covenant compliance. 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and have important consequences to us and our debt and equity security holders. For example, it could: 
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our indebtedness and debt service obligations and adversely affect our ability to pay distributions; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of interest on and principal of our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 
 limit our ability to borrow money or sell stock to fund our development projects, working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate purposes or acquisitions; 
 restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting business opportunities; 
 place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate. 
 
 In addition, the agreements that govern our current indebtedness contain, and the agreements that may govern any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain, financial and other restrictive covenants, which may limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of our debt. 
 
 Furthermore, our growth strategy is dependent on speculative development of properties. Development activities do not produce current income that can be used to pay debt service obligations. 
 
 Market interest rates could have an adverse effect on our borrowing costs, profitability and the value of our fixed-rate debt securities. 
 
 We have exposure to market risks relating to increases in interest rates due to our variable-rate debt. An increase in interest rates may increase our costs of borrowing on existing variable-rate indebtedness, leading to a reduction in our earnings. As of December 31, 2022, we had 129.1 million of trust preferred securities that mature in April 2037 that is LIBOR indexed. In addition, we have a 300.0 million unsecured term loan which matures January 2025 that is Term SOFR indexed and is subject to interest rate swap agreements through January 2025. Also, our unsecured revolving credit facility is subject to a variable interest rate. The level of our variable-rate indebtedness, along with the interest rate associated with such variable-rate indebtedness, may change in the future and materially affect our interest costs and earnings. In addition, our interest costs on our fixed-rate 
 19 

Table of Contents 

indebtedness may increase if we are required to refinance our fixed-rate indebtedness upon maturity at higher interest rates. Also, fixed-rate debt securities generally decline in value as market rates rise because the premium, if any, over market interest rates will decline. 
 
 Recent inflationary pressures have resulted in higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 Rising inflation and elevated U.S. budget deficits and overall debt levels, including as a result of federal pandemic relief and stimulus legislation and/or economic or market and supply chain conditions, have put upward pressure on interest rates and could be among the factors that could lead to higher interest rates in the future. Higher interest rates could adversely affect our overall business, income, and our ability to pay dividends, including by reducing the fair value of many of our assets and adversely affecting our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all, and negatively impacting the value of properties and the ability of prospective buyers to obtain financing for properties we intend to sell. This may affect our earnings results, reduce our ability to sell our assets, or reduce our liquidity. Furthermore, our business and financial results may be harmed by our inability to accurately anticipate developments associated with changes in, or the outlook for, interest rates. 
 
 The LIBOR index rate may not be available in the future. 
 
 On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of one, three and six month LIBOR after June 30, 2023. It is unclear whether new methods of calculating such LIBOR periods will be established such that they continue to exist after June 30, 2023. It is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the United States or elsewhere. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (or ARRC) has proposed that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or SOFR) is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to USD-LIBOR for use in derivatives and other financial contracts that are currently indexed to USD-LIBOR. ARRC has proposed a paced market transition plan to SOFR from USD-LIBOR and organizations are currently working on industry wide and company specific transition plans as it relates to derivatives and cash markets exposed to USD-LIBOR. Our trust preferred securities do not provide for a clear alternative to USD-LIBOR. 
 
 The transition from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate could result in higher all-in interest costs on our trust preferred securities, which could impact our financial performance. 
 
 We have engaged and may engage in hedging transactions that may limit gains or result in losses. 
 
 We have used derivatives to hedge certain of our variable-rate liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate interest rate swap agreements on 300.0 million of borrowings. The counterparties of these arrangements are major financial institutions; however, we are exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance or default by the counterparties. Further, additional risks, including losses on a hedge position, may reduce the return on our investments. Such losses may exceed the amount invested in such instruments. We may also have to pay certain costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, related to hedging transactions. 
 
 Covenants in certain of the agreements governing our debt could adversely affect our financial condition, investment activities and/or operating activities. 
 Our unsecured revolving credit facility, unsecured term loan and indentures governing our senior notes contain certain cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions as well as customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness and consummate mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. Our ability to borrow under our unsecured revolving credit facility is also subject to compliance with certain other covenants. In addition, failure to comply with our covenants could cause a default under the applicable debt instrument and we may then be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources. Under those circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us or be available only on unattractive terms. Additionally, our ability to satisfy current or prospective lenders' insurance requirements may be adversely affected if lenders generally insist upon greater insurance coverage than is available to us in the marketplace or on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 We rely on debt financing, including borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, unsecured term loan, debt securities, and debt secured by individual properties, for working capital, including to finance our investment activities. If we are unable to obtain financing from these or other sources, or to refinance existing indebtedness upon maturity, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The documents governing our non-recourse indebtedness contain restrictions on the operations of our property owner subsidiaries and their properties. Certain activities, like leasing and alterations, may be subject to the consent of the applicable lender. In addition, certain lenders engage third-party loan servicers that may not be as responsive as we would be or as the leasing market requires. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We face risks associated with refinancings. 
 
 Some of the properties in which we have an interest are subject to a mortgage or other secured notes with balloon payments due at maturity. In addition, our corporate level borrowings require interest only payments with all principal due at maturity. 
 
 Our ability to make the scheduled balloon payments on any corporate recourse note will depend on our access to the capital markets, including our ability to refinance the maturing note. Our ability to make the scheduled balloon payment on any non-recourse mortgage note will depend upon (1) in the event we determine to contribute capital, our cash balances and the amount available under our unsecured credit facility, and (2) the property owner subsidiary's ability either to refinance the related mortgage debt or to sell the related property. If the property owner subsidiary is unable to refinance or sell the related property, the property may be conveyed to the lender through foreclosure or other means or the property owner subsidiary may declare bankruptcy. 
 
 We face risks associated with returning properties to lenders. 
 
 Some of the properties in which we have an interest are subject to non-recourse mortgages, which generally provide that a lender's only recourse upon an event of default is to foreclose on the property. In the event these properties are conveyed via foreclosure to the lenders thereof, we would lose all of our interest in these properties. The loss of a significant number of properties to foreclosure or through bankruptcy of a property owner subsidiary could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, relationships with lenders and ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 In addition, a lender may attempt to trigger a carve out to the non-recourse nature of a mortgage loan. To the extent a lender is successful, the ability of our property owner subsidiary to return the property to the lender may be inhibited and/or we may be liable for all or a portion of such loan. 
 
 Certain of our indebtedness is subject to cross-default, cross-acceleration and cross-collateral provisions. 
 
 Substantially all of our corporate level borrowings and, in the future, certain of our secured indebtedness may, contain cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions, which may be triggered if we default on certain indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds. In the event of such a default, the resulting cross defaults and/or cross-accelerations may adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 Two of our non-consolidated joint ventures have portfolio loans where the loans are cross-collateral with a majority of the assets in the portfolio. 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service obligations. 
 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. To a certain extent, our cash flow is subject to general economic, industry, financial, competitive, operating, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future sources of cash will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay amounts due on our indebtedness. Additionally, if we incur additional indebtedness in connection with future acquisitions or development projects or for any other purpose, our debt service obligations could increase. 
 
 The effective subordination of our unsecured indebtedness and any related guaranty may reduce amounts available for payment on our unsecured indebtedness and any related guaranty. 
 The holders of our secured debt may foreclose on the assets securing such debt, reducing the cash flow from the foreclosed property available for payment of unsecured debt and any related guaranty. The holders of any of our secured debt also would have priority with respect to the secured collateral over unsecured creditors in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
 
 None of our subsidiaries are guarantors of our unsecured debt; therefore assets of our subsidiaries may not be available to make payments on our unsecured indebtedness. 
 We are the sole borrower of our unsecured indebtedness and none of our subsidiaries were guarantors of our unsecured indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of our subsidiaries, holders of subsidiary debt, including trade creditors, will generally be entitled to payment of their claims from the assets of our subsidiaries before any assets are made available for distribution to us. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

All of our assets are held through our subsidiaries. Consequently, our cash flow and our ability to meet our debt service obligations depend in large part upon the cash flow of our subsidiaries and the payment of funds by our subsidiaries to us in the form of distributions or otherwise. 
 
 Risks Related to Investment in our Equity 
 
 We may change the dividend policy for our common shares in the future. 
 
 The decision to declare and pay dividends on our common shares in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Trustees in light of conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, debt maturities, the availability of debt and equity capital, applicable REIT and legal restrictions and the general overall economic conditions and other factors. The actual dividend payable will be determined by our Board of Trustees based upon the circumstances at the time of declaration and the actual dividend payable may vary from such expected amount. Any change in our dividend policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Securities eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. 
 
 We have an unallocated universal shelf registration statement and we also maintain an At-the-Market offering program and a direct share purchase plan, pursuant to which we may issue additional common shares. There is no restriction on our issuing additional common or preferred shares, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common or preferred shares or any substantially similar securities. Pursuant to our At-the-Market offering, we may enter into forward sale agreements. Settlement provisions contained in any forward sale agreement could result in substantial dilution to our earnings per share or result in substantial cash payment obligations. In addition, in the case of our bankruptcy or insolvency, any forward sale agreement will automatically terminate, and we would not receive the expected proceeds from the sale of our common shares under such agreement. 
 
 We disclose certain non-GAAP financial measures in documents filed and/or furnished with the SEC; however, the non-GAAP financial measures we disclose are not equivalent to applicable comparable GAAP measures, and you should consider GAAP measures to be more relevant to our operating performance. 
 
 We use and disclose to investors FFO, Adjusted Company FFO, NOI and other non-GAAP financial measures. FFO, Adjusted Company FFO, NOI and the other non-GAAP financial measures are not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined in accordance with GAAP, and investors should consider GAAP measures to be more relevant to evaluating our operating performance. FFO, Adjusted Company FFO and NOI, and GAAP net income (loss) differ because FFO, Adjusted Company FFO and NOI exclude many items that are factored into GAAP net income or loss. 
 
 Because of the differences between FFO, Adjusted Company FFO, NOI and GAAP net income or loss, FFO, Adjusted Company FFO and NOI may not be accurate indicators of our operating performance, especially during periods in which we are acquiring and selling properties. In addition, FFO, Adjusted Company FFO and NOI are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and investors should not consider FFO, Adjusted Company FFO or NOI as alternatives to cash flows from operations, as an indication of our liquidity or as indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Neither the SEC nor any other regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate FFO, Adjusted Company FFO and NOI. Also, because not all companies calculate FFO, Adjusted Company FFO and NOI the same way, comparisons with other companies measures with similar titles may not be meaningful. 
 
 There are certain limitations on a third party's ability to acquire us or effectuate a change in our control. 
 Severance payments under our executive severance policy. Substantial termination payments may be required to be paid under our executive severance policy applicable to and related agreements with our executives upon the termination of an executive. If those executive officers are terminated without cause, as defined, or resign for good reason, as defined, those executive officers may be entitled to severance benefits based on their current annual base salaries and trailing average of recent annual cash bonuses as defined in our executive severance policy and related agreements and the acceleration of certain non-vested equity awards. In addition, in connection with our Board of Trustees' review of strategic alternatives in 2022, we implemented a severance policy for non-executive employees that provided for payments in connection with a termination following a change in control prior to June 30, 2024. Accordingly, these payments may discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to issue additional shares. Our declaration of trust authorizes 1,400,000,000 shares of beneficial interest (par value 0.0001 per share) consisting of 600,000,000 common shares, 100,000,000 preferred shares and 700,000,000 shares of beneficial interest classified as excess stock, or excess shares. Our Board of Trustees is authorized to cause us to issue these shares without shareholder approval. Our Board of Trustees may establish the preferences and rights of any such class or series of additional shares, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing someone from taking control of us, even if a change in control were in shareholders' best interests. At December 31, 2022, in addition to common shares, we had outstanding 1,935,400 Series C Preferred Shares. Our Series C Preferred Shares include provisions, such as increases in dividend rates or adjustments to conversion rates, which may deter a change of control. The establishment and issuance of shares of our existing series of preferred shares or a future class or series of shares could make a change of control of us more difficult. 
 
 Maryland Takeover Statutes. Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, including the Maryland Business Combination Act, the Maryland Control Share Act, and certain elective provisions of Maryland law under Subtitle 8 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, each as further described under the heading Restrictions on Transfers of Capital Stock and Anti-Takeover Provisions Maryland Law in Exhibit 4.10 of this Annual Report, are applicable to Maryland REITs, such as the Company. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, and while our by-laws contain a provision exempting from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares, we cannot assure you that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. We have also not elected to be governed by any of the specific provisions of Subtitle 8, however, through provisions of our declaration of trust and/or by-laws, as applicable, unrelated to Subtitle 8, we provide for an 80 shareholder vote to remove trustees and then only for cause, and that the number of trustees may be determined by a resolution of our Board of Trustees, subject to a minimum number. In addition, we can elect to be governed by any or all of the provisions of Subtitle 8 of the Maryland General Corporation Law at any time in the future. These statutes could have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire us and of increasing the difficulty of consummating any such offers, even if such acquisition would be in shareholders' best interests. 
 
 Limits on ownership of our capital shares may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing someone from taking control of us. 
 
 For us to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, among other requirements, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding capital shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined for federal income tax purposes to include certain entities) during the last half of each taxable year, and these capital shares must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year (in each case, other than the first such year for which a REIT election is made). Our declaration of trust includes certain restrictions regarding transfers of our capital shares and ownership limits. 
 
 In order to protect against the loss of our REIT status, among other things, actual or constructive ownership of our capital shares in violation of the restrictions contained in our declaration of trust or in excess of 9.8 in value of our outstanding equity shares, defined as our common shares, or preferred shares, subject to certain exceptions, would cause the violative transfer or ownership to be void or cause the shares to be transferred to a charitable trust and then sold to a person or entity who can own the shares without violating these limits. As a result, if a violative transfer were made, the recipient of the shares would not acquire any economic or voting rights attributable to the transferred shares. Additionally, the constructive ownership rules for these limits are complex, and groups of related individuals or entities may be deemed a single owner and consequently in violation of the share ownership limits. 
 
 However, these restrictions and limits may not be adequate in all cases to prevent the transfer of our capital shares in violation of the ownership limitations. The ownership limits discussed above may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing someone from taking control of us, even though a change of control could involve a premium price for the common shares or otherwise be in shareholders' best interests. 
 
 The trading price of our common shares has been, and may continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. 
 The market price of our common shares may fluctuate in response to company-specific and general market events and developments, including those described in this Annual Report. In addition, our leverage may impact investor demand for our common shares, which could have a material effect on the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Furthermore, in 2021, we disclosed communications with an activist shareholder. Investor activism could interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plan, divert the attention of our Board of Trustees, management and employees, give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, adversely affect our relationships with key business partners, result in a loss of potential business opportunities, make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, or require us to incur substantial legal and public relations fees and expenses, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

The public valuation of our common shares is related primarily to the earnings that we derive from rental income with respect to the properties in which we have an interest and not from the underlying appraised value of the properties themselves. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and capital market conditions can affect the market value of our common shares. For instance, if interest rates rise, the market price of our common shares may decrease because potential investors seeking a higher yield than they would receive from our common shares may sell our common shares in favor of higher yielding securities. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We face possible liability relating to environmental matters. 
 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, as an owner of real property, our property owner subsidiaries may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under the properties in which we have an interest as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances. These liabilities may include government fines and penalties and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property. These laws may impose liability without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence or disposal of those substances. This liability may be imposed on our property owner subsidiaries in connection with the activities of an operator of, or tenant at, the property. The cost of any required remediation, removal, fines or personal or property damages, and our liability therefore, could be significant and could exceed the value of the property and/or our aggregate assets. In addition, the presence of those substances, or the failure to properly dispose of or remove those substances, may adversely affect a property owner subsidiary's ability to sell or rent that property or to borrow using that property as collateral, which, in turn, would reduce our revenues and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends. 
 
 A property can also be adversely affected either through physical contamination or by virtue of an adverse effect upon value attributable to the migration of hazardous or toxic substances, or other contaminants that have or may have emanated from other properties. Although the tenants of the properties in which we have an interest are primarily responsible for any environmental damages and claims related to the leased premises, in the event of the bankruptcy or inability of any of the tenants of the properties in which we have an interest to satisfy any obligations with respect to the property leased to that tenant, our property owner subsidiary may be required to satisfy such obligations. In addition, we may be held directly liable for any such damages or claims irrespective of the provisions of any lease and, in certain cases, we have provided lenders with environmental indemnities. 
 
 From time to time, in connection with the conduct of our business, our property owner subsidiaries authorize the preparation of Phase I environmental reports and, when recommended, Phase II environmental reports, with respect to their properties. There can be no assurance that these environmental reports will reveal all environmental conditions at the properties in which we have an interest. We are also subject to exposure to material liability from the discovery of previously unknown environmental conditions; changes in law; activities of tenants; or activities relating to properties in the vicinity of the properties in which we have an interest. 
 
 Changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise adversely affect the operations of the tenants of the properties in which we have an interest, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Costs of complying with changes in governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We cannot predict what laws or regulations may be enacted, repealed or modified in the future, how future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or how future laws or regulations will affect our properties. Compliance with new or modified laws or regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws, may require us or our tenants to incur significant expenditures, impose significant liability, restrict or prohibit business activities and could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Legislation such as the Americans with Disabilities Act may require us to modify our properties at substantial costs and noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. Future legislation may impose additional requirements. We may incur additional costs to comply with any future requirements. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our REIT Status 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 We believe that LXP has met the requirements for qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 1993, and we intend for LXP to continue to meet these requirements in the future. However, qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code, for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect LXP's ability to continue to qualify as a REIT. No assurance can be given that LXP has qualified or will remain qualified as a REIT. In addition, no assurance can be given that legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions will not significantly change the requirements for qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. If LXP does not qualify as a REIT, LXP would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders in computing its net taxable income and LXP would not be required to continue making distributions. In addition, LXP's income would be subject to tax at the regular corporate rates. LXP also could be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. Cash required to be used to pay taxes would not be available to satisfy LXP's debt service obligations and to make distributions to its shareholders. Although we currently intend for LXP to continue to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations may cause LXP, without the consent of the shareholders, to revoke the REIT election or to otherwise take action that would result in disqualification. 
 
 We may be subject to the REIT prohibited transactions tax, which could result in significant U.S. federal income tax liability to us. 
 
 A REIT will incur a 100 tax on the net income from a prohibited transaction. Generally, a prohibited transaction includes a sale or disposition of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. While we believe that the dispositions of our assets pursuant to our investment strategy should not be treated as prohibited transactions, whether a particular sale will be treated as a prohibited transaction depends on the underlying facts and circumstances. We have not sought and do not intend to seek a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding any dispositions. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our dispositions of such assets will not be subject to the prohibited transactions tax. If all or a significant portion of those dispositions were treated as prohibited transactions, we would incur a significant U.S. federal income tax liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 
 
 Distribution requirements imposed by law limit our flexibility. 
 
 To maintain LXP's status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, LXP is generally required to distribute to its shareholders at least 90 of its taxable income for that calendar year. LXP's taxable income is determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid and by excluding net capital gains. To the extent that LXP satisfies the distribution requirement but distributes less than 100 of its taxable income, LXP will be subject to federal corporate income tax on its undistributed income. In addition, LXP will incur a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount by which its distributions in any year are less than the sum of (i) 85 of its ordinary income for that year, (ii) 95 of its capital gain net income for that year and (iii) 100 of its undistributed taxable income from prior years. We intend for LXP to continue to make distributions to its shareholders to comply with the distribution requirements of the Code and to reduce exposure to federal taxes. Differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses in determining its taxable income and the effect of required debt amortization payments could require LXP to borrow funds on a short-term basis in order to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory tax changes could have an adverse effect on us. 
 
 At any time, the federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. Any of those new laws or interpretations may take effect retroactively and could adversely affect us or you as a debt or equity security holder. 
 
 Federal tax legislation passed in 2017 made numerous changes to tax rules. These changes do not affect the REIT qualification rules directly, but may otherwise affect us or our shareholders. For example, the top federal income tax rate for individuals was reduced to 37 , there is a deduction available for certain Qualified Business Income that reduces the top effective tax rate applicable to ordinary dividends from REITs to 29.6 (through a 20 deduction for ordinary REIT dividends received) and various deductions are eliminated or limited. Most of the changes applicable to individuals are temporary. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors 
 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 The credit ratings assigned to us and our debt could change based upon, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition or the real estate industry generally. These ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any rating will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in the applicable rating agency's judgment, circumstances warrant. Moreover, these credit ratings do not apply to our common and preferred shares and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any other securities. Any downgrade of us or our debt could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our debt securities and our common and preferred shares. If any credit rating agency that has rated us or our debt downgrades or lowers its credit rating, or if any credit rating agency indicates that it has placed any such rating on a so-called watch list for a possible downgrading or lowering or otherwise indicates that its outlook for that rating is negative, it could also have a material adverse effect on our costs and availability of capital, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make dividends and distributions on our common shares and preferred shares. 
 
 We are dependent upon our key personnel. 
 
 We are dependent upon key personnel, particularly certain of our executive officers. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers, but we have entered into severance arrangements with our executive officers that provide certain payments upon specified termination events. 
 
 Our inability to retain the services of any of our key personnel, an unplanned loss of any of their services or our inability to replace them upon termination as needed, could adversely impact our operations. We do not have key man life insurance coverage on our executive officers. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 There are no unresolved written comments that were received from the SEC staff relating to our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 

Real Estate Portfolio 
 
 General. As of December 31, 2022, we had ownership interests in approximately 116 consolidated real estate properties containing approximately 54.0 million square feet of rentable space, which were approximately 99.5 leased based upon net rentable square feet. All properties in which we have an interest are held through at least one property owner subsidiary. 
 
 Ground Leases. Certain of the properties in which we have an interest are subject to long-term ground leases where either the tenant of the building on the property or a third party owns and leases the underlying land to the property owner subsidiary. Certain of these properties are economically owned through the holding of industrial revenue bonds primarily for real estate tax abatement purposes and as such, neither ground lease payments nor bond interest payments are made or received, respectively. For certain of the properties held under a ground lease, the ground lessee has a purchase option. At the end of these long-term ground leases, unless extended or the purchase option is exercised, the land together with all improvements thereon reverts to the landowner. 
 
 Office Leases . We lease our headquarters office space in New York, New York and our satellite offices in Dallas, Texas and West Palm Beach, Florida. 
 
 Leverage. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding consolidated mortgages and notes payable of approximately 73.2 million with a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 4.0 and a weighted-average maturity of 6.7 years. 
 
 Property Charts . The following tables list our properties by type, their locations, the net rentable square feet, the expiration of the current lease term and percent leased, as applicable, as of December 31, 2022. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

LXP CONSOLIDATED PORTFOLIO PROPERTY CHART 
 WAREHOUSE/DISTRIBUTION 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Property Location City State Net Rentable Square Feet Primary Tenant Current Lease Term Expiration Percent Leased Stabilized Properties: 3405 S. McQueen Rd. Chandler AZ 201,784 3/31/2033 100 4445 N. 169th Ave. Goodyear AZ 160,140 12/31/2025 100 17510 W. Thomas Rd. Goodyear AZ 468,182 11/30/2036 100 16811 W. Commerce Dr. Goodyear AZ 540,349 4/30/2026 100 255 143rd Ave. Goodyear AZ 801,424 9/30/2030 100 8989 W. Buckeye Rd. Phoenix AZ 268,872 5/31/2037 100 Parcel Number: 501-42-015B (1) 
 Phoenix AZ N/A 11/5/2042 100 1515 South 91st Ave. Phoenix AZ 496,204 12/31/2027 100 9494 W. Buckeye Rd. Tolleson AZ 186,336 9/30/2026 100 5275 Drane Field Rd. Lakeland FL 222,134 5/31/2036 100 3400 NW 35th St. Ocala FL 617,055 8/31/2030 100 2455 Premier Row Orlando FL 205,016 3/31/2026 100 3775 Fancy Farms Rd. Plant City FL 510,484 9/30/2027 65 3102 Queen Palm Dr. Tampa FL 229,605 2/28/2026 100 95 International Pkwy. Adairsville GA 225,211 3/31/2025 100 7875 White Rd. SW Austell GA 604,852 5/31/2025 100 41 Busch Dr. Cartersville GA 396,000 9/30/2031 100 51 Busch Dr. Cartersville GA 328,000 7/31/2031 100 1625 Oakley Industrial Blvd. Fairburn GA 907,675 10/31/2028 100 490 Westridge Pkwy. McDonough GA 1,121,120 1/31/2028 100 493 Westridge Pkwy. McDonough GA 676,000 10/31/2023 100 335 Morgan Lakes Industrial Blvd. Pooler GA 499,500 7/31/2027 100 1004 Trade Center Pkwy. Savannah GA 419,667 7/31/2026 100 1315 Dean Forest Rd. Savannah GA 88,503 8/31/2025 100 1319 Dean Forest Rd. Savannah GA 355,527 6/30/2025 100 7225 Goodson Rd. Union City GA 370,000 5/31/2024 100 3931 Lakeview Corporate Dr. Edwardsville IL 769,500 9/30/2026 100 4015 Lakeview Corporate Dr. Edwardsville IL 1,017,780 5/31/2030 100 
 29 

Table of Contents 

LXP CONSOLIDATED PORTFOLIO PROPERTY CHART 
 WAREHOUSE/DISTRIBUTION 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Property Location City State Net Rentable Square Feet Primary Tenant Current Lease Term Expiration Percent Leased 6225 E. Minooka Rd. Minooka IL 1,034,200 9/30/2029 100 1460 Cargo Court Minooka IL 705,661 11/30/2029 100 200 International Pkwy. S. Minooka IL 473,280 12/31/2029 100 1001 Innovation Rd. Rantoul IL 813,126 10/31/2034 100 3686 S. Central Ave. Rockford IL 93,000 12/31/2024 100 749 Southrock Dr. Rockford IL 150,000 12/31/2024 100 1621 Veterans Memorial Pkwy. E. Lafayette IN 309,400 9/30/2029 100 1285 W. State Road 32 Lebanon IN 741,880 1/31/2024 100 19 Bob Glidden Blvd. Whiteland IN 530,400 3/31/2031 100 76 Bob Glidden Blvd. Whiteland IN 168,480 12/31/2026 100 180 Bob Glidden Blvd. Whiteland IN 179,530 12/31/2026 100 4600 Albert S White Dr. Whitestown IN 149,072 12/31/2024 100 4900 Albert S White Dr. Whitestown IN 149,072 8/31/2025 100 5352 Performance Way Whitestown IN 380,000 7/31/2025 100 3751 S. CR 500 E. Whitestown IN 1,016,244 11/30/2031 100 27200 West 157th St. New Century KS 446,500 1/31/2027 100 200 Richard Knock Way Walton KY 232,500 12/31/2031 100 300 Richard Knock Way Walton KY 544,320 4/30/2032 100 2860 Clark St. Detroit MI 189,960 10/22/2035 100 1700 47th Ave. North Minneapolis MN 18,620 12/31/2025 100 549 Wingo Rd. Byhalia MS 855,878 3/31/2030 100 1550 Hwy. 302 Byhalia MS 615,600 9/30/2027 100 554 Nissan Pkwy. Canton MS 1,466,000 2/28/2027 100 11555 Silo Dr. Olive Branch MS 927,742 4/30/2024 100 11624 S. Distribution Cv. Olive Branch MS 1,170,218 6/30/2029 100 6495 Polk Ln. Olive Branch MS 269,902 5/31/2028 100 8500 Nail Rd. Olive Branch MS 716,080 7/31/2029 100 671 Washburn Switch Rd. Shelby NC 673,425 5/31/2036 100 2203 Sherrill Dr. Statesville NC 639,800 10/31/2026 100 
 30 

Table of Contents 

LXP CONSOLIDATED PORTFOLIO PROPERTY CHART 
 WAREHOUSE/DISTRIBUTION 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Property Location City State Net Rentable Square Feet Primary Tenant Current Lease Term Expiration Percent Leased 736 Addison Rd. Erwin NY 408,000 11/30/2026 100 29-01 Borden Ave. / 29-10 Hunters Point Ave. Long Island City NY 140,330 3/31/2028 100 351 Chamber Dr. Chillicothe OH 489,150 12/31/2031 100 1860 Walcutt Rd. Columbus OH 292,730 11/21/2029 100 7005 Cochran Rd. Glenwillow OH 458,000 7/31/2025 100 191 Arrowhead Dr. Hebron OH 250,410 9/30/2033 100 200 Arrowhead Dr. Hebron OH 400,522 8/31/2027 100 2155 Rohr Rd. Lockbourne OH 320,190 3/31/2024 100 575-599 Gateway Blvd. Monroe OH 194,936 6/30/2024 100 600 Gateway Blvd. Monroe OH 994,013 8/31/2027 100 675 Gateway Blvd. Monroe OH 143,664 2/28/2032 100 700 Gateway Blvd. Monroe OH 1,299,492 6/30/2030 100 10345 Philipp Pkwy. Streetsboro OH 649,250 10/31/2026 100 250 Rittenhouse Cir. Bristol PA 241,977 11/30/2026 100 70 Tyger River Dr. Duncan SC 408,000 1/31/2024 100 230 Apple Valley Rd. Duncan SC 275,400 4/30/2029 100 231 Apple Valley Rd. Duncan SC 196,000 1/31/2026 100 235 Apple Valley Rd. Duncan SC 177,320 10/31/2026 100 402 Apple Valley Rd. Duncan SC 235,600 12/31/2029 100 417 Apple Valley Rd. Duncan SC 195,000 3/31/2027 100 425 Apple Valley Rd. Duncan SC 327,360 9/30/2026 100 21 Inland Pkwy. Greer SC 1,318,680 12/31/2034 100 7820 Reidville Rd. Greer SC 210,820 Various 100 7870 Reidville Rd. Greer SC 396,073 9/30/2025 100 8201 Reidville Rd. Greer SC 797,936 4/30/2035 100 5795 North Blackstock Rd. Spartanburg SC 341,660 7/31/2024 100 1021 Tyger Lake Rd. Spartanburg SC 213,200 2/28/2031 100 6050 Dana Way Antioch TN 674,528 6/30/2031 89 1520 Lauderdale Memorial Hwy. Cleveland TN 851,370 3/31/2024 100 
 31 

Table of Contents 

LXP CONSOLIDATED PORTFOLIO PROPERTY CHART 
 WAREHOUSE/DISTRIBUTION 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Property Location City State Net Rentable Square Feet Primary Tenant Current Lease Term Expiration Percent Leased 201 James Lawrence Rd. Jackson TN 1,062,055 10/31/2027 100 633 Garrett Pkwy. Lewisburg TN 310,000 3/31/2026 100 3820 Micro Dr. Millington TN 701,819 9/30/2024 100 200 Sam Griffin Rd. Smyrna TN 1,505,000 4/30/2027 100 2115 East Belt Line Rd. Carrollton TX 356,855 6/30/2035 100 3737 Duncanville Rd. Dallas TX 510,400 9/30/2026 100 4600 Underwood Rd. Deer Park TX 402,648 12/31/2026 100 4005 E. I-30 Grand Prairie TX 215,000 3/31/2037 100 13901/14035 Industrial Rd. Houston TX 132,449 3/31/2038 100 1704 S. I-45 Hutchins TX 120,960 6/30/2030 100 3201 N. Houston School Rd. Lancaster TX 468,300 1/31/2030 100 13930 Pike Rd. Missouri City TX N/A 4/30/2032 100 8601 E. Sam Lee Ln. Northlake TX 1,214,526 8/31/2029 100 17505 Interstate Hwy. 35W Northlake TX 500,556 10/31/2024 100 10535 Red Bluff Rd. Pasadena TX 257,835 8/31/2023 100 10565 Red Bluff Rd. Pasadena TX 248,240 4/30/2025 100 4100 Malone Dr. Pasadena TX 233,190 8/31/2028 100 9701 New Decade Dr. Pasadena TX 102,863 8/31/2024 100 16407 Applewhite Rd. San Antonio TX 849,275 4/30/2027 100 2601 Bermuda Hundred Rd. Chester VA 1,034,470 6/30/2030 100 150 Mercury Way Winchester VA 324,535 11/30/2024 100 291 Park Center Dr. Winchester VA 344,700 5/31/2031 100 80 Tyson Dr. Winchester VA 400,400 12/18/2031 100 Stabilized total 52,544,497 99.5 Warehouse/Distribution total 52,544,497 99.5 
 (1) Includes industrial development leased land. 
 As of December 31, 2022, annualized cash base rent for the warehouse/distribution portfolio, excluding assets primarily consisting of land leases was 4.47 per square foot. The weighted-average remaining lease term was 6.5 years. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

LXP CONSOLIDATED PORTFOLIO PROPERTY CHART 
 OTHER 
 As of December 31, 2022 Property Location City State Net Rentable Square Feet Primary Tenant Current Lease Term Expiration Percent Leased 3333 Coyote Hill Rd. Palo Alto CA 202,000 12/14/2023 100 1901 Ragu Dr. Owensboro KY 443,380 12/19/2025 100 30 Light St. Baltimore MD N/A 12/31/2048 100 4 Apollo Dr. Whippany NJ 123,734 11/30/2031 100 1701 Market St. Philadelphia PA 304,037 1/31/2024 97 3476 Stateview Blvd. Fort Mill SC 169,083 5/31/2024 100 3480 Stateview Blvd. Fort Mill SC 169,218 5/31/2024 100 Other total 1,411,452 99.4 Consolidated portfolio total 53,955,949 99.5 
 As of December 31, 2022, annualized cash base rent for the other portfolio was 13.99 per square foot, excluding Baltimore, Maryland, and the weighted-average remaining lease term was 2.4 years. 
 As of December 31, 2022, annualized cash base rent for the consolidated portfolio was 4.72 per square foot, excluding assets primarily consisting of land leases. The weighted-average remaining lease term was 6.2 years. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

LXP NON-CONSOLIDATED PORTFOLIO PROPERTY CHART 
 As of December 31, 2022 Property Location City State Percent Owned Net Rentable Square Feet Primary Tenant Current Lease Term Expiration Percent Leased Office/Other properties: 2500 Patrick Henry Pkwy. McDonough GA 20 111,911 6/30/2025 100 3902 Gene Field Rd. St. Joseph MO 20 98,849 6/30/2027 100 1210 AvidXchange Ln. Charlotte NC 20 201,450 4/30/2032 100 2221 Schrock Rd. Columbus OH 20 42,290 7/6/2027 100 500 Olde Worthington Rd. Westerville OH 20 97,000 3/31/2026 100 25 Lakeview Dr. Jessup PA 20 150,000 8/7/2027 100 601 701 Experian Pkwy. Allen TX 20 292,700 3/14/2025 100 4001 International Pkwy. Carrollton TX 20 138,443 12/31/2025 100 8900 Freeport Pkwy. Irving TX 20 261,305 3/31/2023 5/31/2033 100 2203 North Westgreen Blvd. Katy TX 25 274,000 8/31/2036 100 Office/Other total 1,667,948 100.0 Special purpose industrial properties: 318 Pappy Dunn Blvd. Anniston AL 20 276,782 11/24/2029 100 4801 North Park Dr. Opelika AL 20 165,493 5/31/2042 100 1020 W. Airport Rd. Romeoville IL 20 188,166 10/31/2031 100 10000 Business Blvd. Dry Ridge KY 20 336,350 6/30/2031 100 730 North Black Branch Rd. Elizabethtown KY 20 167,770 6/30/2025 100 750 North Black Branch Rd. Elizabethtown KY 20 539,592 6/30/2025 100 301 Bill Bryan Blvd. Hopkinsville KY 20 424,904 6/30/2025 100 4010 Airpark Dr. Owensboro KY 20 211,598 6/30/2025 100 113 Wells St. North Berwick ME 20 993,685 4/30/2024 100 904 Industrial Rd. Marshall MI 20 246,508 9/30/2028 100 43955 Plymouth Oaks Blvd. Plymouth MI 20 311,612 10/31/2030 100 26700 Bunert Rd. Warren MI 20 260,243 10/31/2032 100 2880 Kenny Biggs Rd. Lumberton NC 20 423,280 11/30/2026 100 5670 Nicco Way North Las Vegas NV 20 180,235 9/30/2034 100 10590 Hamilton Ave. Cincinnati OH 20 264,598 12/31/2027 100 590 Ecology Ln. Chester SC 20 420,597 7/14/2025 100 
 34 

Table of Contents 

LXP NON-CONSOLIDATED PORTFOLIO PROPERTY CHART 
 As of December 31, 2022 Property Location City State Percent Owned Net Rentable Square Feet Primary Tenant Current Lease Term Expiration Percent Leased 50 Tyger River Dr. Duncan SC 20 221,833 8/31/2027 100 900 Industrial Blvd. Crossville TN 20 222,200 9/30/2033 100 120 Southeast Pkwy. Dr. Franklin TN 20 289,330 12/31/2028 100 7007 F.M. 362 Rd. Brookshire TX 20 262,095 3/31/2035 100 13863 Industrial Rd. Houston TX 20 187,800 3/31/2035 100 901 East Bingen Point Way Bingen WA 20 124,539 5/31/2024 100 Special purpose industrial total 6,719,210 100 Non-consolidated portfolio total 8,387,158 100 
 In addition, we have two non-consolidated joint ventures with a developer, which own developable parcels of land in Etna, Ohio. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the annualized cash base rent for the non-consolidated portfolio was 8.56 per square foot and the weighted-average remaining lease term was 7.1 years. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Development Projects 
 The following is a summary of our warehouse/distribution ongoing development projects as of December 31, 2022: 
 Ongoing Development Projects 
 Project owned) # of Buildings Market Estimated Sq. Ft. Estimated Project Cost (1) 
 GAAP Investment Balance as of 12/31/2022 000) LXP Amount 
 Funded as of 
 12/31/2022 
 000) (2) 
 Actual/Estimated Building Completion Date Leased as of 12/31/2022 Consolidated: The Cubes at Etna East (95 (3) 
 1 Columbus, OH 1,074,840 72,850 61,171 58,455 3Q 2022 Ocala (80 1 Central Florida 1,085,280 83,100 73,737 63,388 1Q 2023 Mt. Comfort (80 1 Indianapolis, IN 1,053,360 65,500 59,379 49,848 1Q 2023 South Shore (100 2 Central Florida 270,885 40,500 25,782 13,553 2Q 2023 Cotton 303 (93 (4) 
 2 Phoenix, AZ 880,678 84,200 64,682 56,570 1Q 2023 - 2Q 2023 45 Smith Farms (90 (5) 
 2 Greenville-Spartanburg, SC 1,396,884 101,550 77,173 67,780 1Q 2023 - 2Q 2023 447,700 361,924 309,594 
 Land Held for Industrial Development 
 Project owned) Market Approx. Developable Acres 
 GAAP Investment Balance as of 12/31/2022 
 000) 
 LXP Amount Funded 
 as of 12/31/2022 
 000) (2) 
 Consolidated: Reems Olive (95.5 (6) 
 Phoenix, AZ 320 77,379 73,957 Mt. Comfort Phase II (80 Indianapolis, IN 116 5,301 4,213 ATL Fairburn (100 Atlanta, GA 14 1,732 1,736 450 84,412 79,906 
 Project owned) Market Approx. Developable Acres 
 GAAP Investment Balance as of 12/31/2022 000) LXP Amount Funded 
 as of 12/31/2022 
 000) (2) 
 Non-consolidated: Etna Park 70 (90 Columbus, OH 66 12,975 13,599 Etna Park 70 East (90 Columbus, OH 21 2,126 2,363 15,101 15,962 
 (1) Estimated project cost includes estimated tenant improvements and leasing costs and excludes potential developer partner promote, if any. 
 (2) Excludes noncontrolling interests' share. 
 (3) Base building achieved substantial completion. Property not in service as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Pre-leased 392,278 square foot facility with a 10-year lease commencing upon substantial completion of the facility and notice to the tenant. 
 (5) In December 2022, substantially completed and placed into service a 797,936 square foot facility subject to a 12-year lease that commenced upon substantial completion of the facility. Remaining two projects ongoing. 
 (6) Ground leased approximately 100 acres of the 420 acre development land parcel located in the Phoenix, Arizona market, subject to a 20-year ground lease (with three, 10-year extension options). The initial annual rental payments are 5.2 million and escalate by 4 annually. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Tenant Diversification 
 We believe our tenant mix is well diversified. Below are the industries in our warehouse/distribution portfolio based on 2022 ABR for consolidated properties owned as of December 31, 2022: 

Lease Term . As a primarily single-tenant investor, we generally maintain a weighted-average lease term that is longer than most industrial REITs, favoring certainty of cash flow over lease-rollover risk inherent in single-tenant properties. However, we will invest in shorter-term leases if we are optimistic about the location in a releasing context. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average lease term in our industrial portfolio was 6.5 years. 

37 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth information about the 15 largest tenants/guarantors in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022 based on total annualized base rental revenue as of December 31, 2022 000s, except square feet). 
 Tenants (1) 
 Property Type Lease Expirations Number of Leases Square Feet Leased Square Feet 
 Leased as 
 a of the Consolidated Portfolio (2)(3) 
 ABR Percentage of ABR (2)(4) 
 Amazon Industrial 2026-2033 6 3,864,731 7.2 18,241 6.8 Nissan Industrial 2027 2 2,971,000 5.5 12,908 4.8 Kellogg Industrial 2027-2029 3 2,801,916 5.2 9,575 3.6 Wal-Mart Industrial 2024 -2031 3 2,351,917 4.4 8,773 3.3 GXO Logistics Industrial 2024-2028 3 1,697,475 3.2 7,386 2.7 Xerox Office 2023 1 202,000 0.4 7,070 2.6 Watco Industrial 2038 1 132,449 0.3 6,318 2.4 Morgan Lewis (5) 
 Office 2024 1 289,432 0.5 5,860 2.2 FedEx Industrial 2028 2 292,021 0.5 5,728 2.1 Mars Wrigley Industrial 2025 1 604,852 1.1 5,396 2.0 Aligned Data Centers (6) 
 Industrial 2042 1 5,228 1.9 Undisclosed (7) 
 Industrial 2034 1 1,318,680 2.5 5,198 1.9 Olam Industrial 2024 2037 2 1,196,614 2.2 4,993 1.9 Georgia-Pacific Industrial 2028 2031 2 1,283,102 2.4 4,868 1.8 Owens Corning Industrial 2025-2027 3 863,242 1.6 4,860 1.8 32 19,869,431 37.0 112,402 41.8 
 (1) Tenant, guarantor or parent. 
 (2) Total shown may differ from detail amounts due to rounding. 
 (3) Excludes vacant square feet. 
 (4) Based on ABR for consolidated properties owned as of December 31, 2022. 
 (5) Includes parking operations. 
 (6) Industrial development leased land, which is included in industrial portfolio. 
 (7) Lease restricts certain disclosures. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, no tenant/guarantor represented greater than 10 of our annual base rental revenue. 
 The following chart sets forth certain information regarding lease expirations for the next ten years in our consolidated portfolio at December 31, 2022: 
 Year Number of Lease Expirations Square Feet ABR 000's) Percentage of ABR 2023 4 1,137,055 10,526 3.9 2024 24 7,187,622 34,876 13.1 2025 15 3,584,019 20,000 7.5 2026 24 6,857,828 29,917 11.2 2027 16 8,885,590 37,149 13.9 2028 7 2,668,246 15,335 5.7 2029 10 6,329,161 23,063 8.6 2030 9 6,274,840 26,104 9.8 2031 12 4,332,795 20,791 7.8 2032 3 687,984 5,232 2.0 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

The following chart sets forth the 2022 ABR 000's) based on the credit rating of our consolidated tenants at December 31, 2022 (1) : 
 ABR Percentage of ABR Investment Grade 145,758 54.2 Non-investment Grade 37,408 13.9 Unrated 85,600 31.9 268,766 100.0 
 (1) Credit ratings are based upon either tenant, guarantor or parent/ultimate parent. Generally, all multi-tenant assets are included in unrated. See Item 1A Risk Factors . 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time we are directly and indirectly involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We believe, based on currently available information, and after consultation with legal counsel, that although the outcomes of those normal course proceedings are uncertain, the results of such proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

40 

Table of Contents 

PART II. 
 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information. Our common shares are listed for trading on the NYSE under the symbol LXP . 
 
 Holders. As of February 14, 2023, we had 2,197 common shareholders of record. 
 
 Dividends. Since our predecessor's formation in 1993, we have made quarterly distributions without interruption. 
 
 While we intend to continue paying regular quarterly dividends to holders of our common shares, the authorization of future dividend declarations will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our actual cash flow, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as our Board of Trustees deems relevant. The actual cash flow available to pay dividends will be affected by a number of factors, including, among others, the risks discussed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. 
 We do not believe that the financial covenants contained in our debt instruments will have any adverse impact on our ability to pay dividends in the normal course of business to our common and preferred shareholders or to distribute amounts necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information. The following table sets forth certain information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to our 2022 Equity-Based Award Plan under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as compensation. 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 4,094,587 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 4,094,587 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 
 We did not issue any common shares during 2022 on an unregistered basis. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 There were 400,000 common share repurchases at an average price of 9.10 per common share during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 under our share repurchase authorization most recently announced on August 4, 2022, which has no expiration date. There were 6,874,241 shares that may yet be repurchased under our share repurchase authorization as of December 31, 2022. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 In this discussion, we have included statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These statements may relate to our future plans and objectives, among other things. By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our results to differ, possibly materially, from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, those discussed above in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and Cautionary Statements Concerning Forward-Looking Statements in the beginning of this Annual Report. 

Introduction 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of LXP Industrial Trust for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and significant factors that could affect its prospective financial condition and results of operations. This discussion should be read together with our accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein and notes thereto. 
 Investment Trends 
 General. Over the last several years, we have focused our investment activity primarily on income producing single-tenant warehouse and distribution assets and speculative development of warehouse and distribution assets. 
 In 2022, we acquired or completed and placed into service 195.2 million of warehouse and distribution assets, which is a decrease of 690.4 million compared to 2021 investment activity of 885.6 million. The decrease was primarily due to the substantial completion of our portfolio transformation efforts and related capital recycling and the disruptions in the capital markets. 
 We expected to recycle our remaining other assets into warehouse and distribution facilities by the end of 2022, but, due to current market conditions, we currently expect the remaining other assets to take longer to be sold. In addition, we expect to recycle out of certain warehouse and distribution facilities located outside of our target markets and use the proceeds to satisfy indebtedness and invest in our target markets. While our capital recycling strategy has had and may continue to have a near-term dilutive impact on earnings due to the sales of revenue-producing properties, we believe this strategy will benefit shareholder value in the long term. 
 The industrial real estate market remains one of the most resilient real estate markets in the current economic environment. One of the main drivers of growth in the industrial real estate market has been e-commerce. We believe that growth is also being driven by companies increasing their inventories in the United States to keep up with demand and to protect against future disruptions in the supply chain. 
 While we believe the industrial market will continue to grow, there continues to be competition for the acquisition of industrial properties, specifically warehouse/distribution properties. In addition, recessionary fears may cause tenants to reevaluate expansion and growth plans. We continue to prioritize development and acquiring vacancy over acquisitions of leased properties due to the increased yield that development generally provides. 
 Lease Term. We primarily acquire assets subject to intermediate and long-term leases with escalating rents, which we believe strengthen our future cash flows and provide a partial hedge against rising interest rates. We intend to maintain a weighted-average lease term longer than many comparable industrial companies and balance our lease expiration schedule. 
 Our industrial investment underwriting focuses less on tenant credit than our historical office investment underwriting as we focus on real estate characteristics such as location and related demographic and local economic trends. This has allowed us to acquire certain short-term leased warehouse/distribution assets, which may be acquired with greater total return potential than long-term leased warehouse/distribution assets and allow for a value-add strategy through the lease renewal or a multi-tenanting process. 
 Development . As a result of the competition for income producing single-tenant warehouse/distribution assets, in 2017, we began selectively investing in development projects. We believe we can achieve higher yields from development projects than we can by purchasing existing leased properties. 
 Our development activities have been focused on speculative development and purchasing newly-developed properties with vacancy. Our target markets are experiencing low vacancy rates. Despite an increase in construction in recent years, we believe there is sufficient tenant demand for our development projects. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Leasing 
 General . Re-leasing properties that are currently vacant or become vacant as leases expire at favorable effective rates is a primary area of focus for our asset management. Renewals of industrial leases, particularly for warehouse/distribution facilities, are generally dependent on location and occupancy alternatives for our tenants. 
 If a property cannot be re-let to a single user and the property can be adapted to multi-tenant use, we determine whether the costs of adapting the property to multi-tenant use outweigh the benefit of funding operating costs while searching for a single-tenant and whether selling a vacant property, which limits operating costs and allows us to redeploy capital, is in the best interest of our shareholders. 
 During 2022, we entered into 18 new leases and lease extensions encompassing approximately 4.1 million square feet. The average base rent on these extended leases was approximately 5.36 per square foot compared to the average base rent on these leases before extension of 4.26 per square foot. The weighted-average cost of tenant improvements and lease commissions during 2022 was approximately 7.82 per square foot for new leases and 0.91 per square foot for extended leases. In addition, we ground leased approximately 100 acres in the Phoenix, Arizona market for 20 years (with three, 10-year extension options). The initial rent is 5.2 million per annum and escalate by 4 annually. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had two single-tenant leases in our industrial portfolio where the lease term is scheduled to expire in 2023, covering approximately 0.9 million square feet. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 52.6 of our industrial ABR was from leases scheduled to expire during 2023 through 2028. We expect an aggregate increase in rental revenue as these leases are reset to market rates. 
 Inherent Growth. Many leases have scheduled fixed rent increases and a couple with rent increases based upon the consumer price index. As of December 31, 2022, 95.7 of our single-tenant industrial leases had scheduled rent increases. The average escalation rate of these leases based on the next rent step was 2.5 as of December 31, 2022. A majority of our leases require tenants to pay operating expenses, including maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses. However, certain of our leases provide for some level of landlord responsibility for capital repairs and replacements, the cost of which is generally factored into the rental rate. Our motivation to release vacant space requires us to meet market demands with respect to rental rates, tenant concessions and landlord responsibilities. Developers are similarly motivated when signing leases with tenants due to the significant competition in the industrial space. As a result, the obligations of our property owner subsidiaries on new leases and newly renewed or extended leases may increase to include, among other items, some form of responsibility for operating expenses and/or capital repairs and replacements. 
 Tenant Credit. We continue to monitor the credit of tenants of properties in which we have an interest by (1) subscribing to rating agency information, so that we can monitor changes in the ratings of our rated tenants, (2) reviewing financial statements that are publicly available or that are required to be delivered to us under the applicable lease, (3) monitoring news reports regarding our tenants and their respective businesses, (4) monitoring the timeliness of rent collections and (5) meeting with our tenants. 
 Other properties 
 
 We continue to recycle our other real estate investments into warehouse/distribution assets. As of December 31, 2022, we owned seven consolidated other real estate assets consisting of office properties, a land ground lease and a heavy manufacturing facility. We have historically marketed non-industrial assets for sale when we believe we have obtained the highest possible valuation through various means, including lease renewals. 
 
 Non-Recourse Mortgage Loan Resolutions 
 Since we have a limited number of consolidated properties subject to non-recourse mortgages, we do not expect many foreclosure sales of consolidated properties in the future. 
 Impairment charges 
 During 2022 and 2021, we incurred impairment charges, of 3.0 million and 5.5 million, respectively, on certain of our assets due to each asset's carrying value being below its estimated fair value. Most of the impairment charges in 2022 and 2021 were incurred on non-core assets due to anticipated shortened holding periods. We cannot estimate if we will incur, or the amount of, future impairment charges on our assets. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors , of this Annual Report. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements we have made estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Accounting estimates are deemed critical if they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Below is a summary of the critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. A summary of our significant accounting policies which are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations is set forth in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Acquisition of Real Estate . Primarily all of our acquisitions of real estate assets and liabilities are accounted for as asset acquisitions. As such, the purchase prices of acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities are recorded and allocated at fair value on a relative basis. The recorded allocations of tangible assets are based on the as-if-vacant value using estimated cash flow projections of the properties acquired which incorporates discount, capitalization and interest rates as well as available comparable market information. Allocations of intangible assets includes management s estimates of current market rents and leasing costs. 
 
 We use considerable judgement in our estimates of cash flow projections, discount, capitalization and interest rates, fair market lease rates, carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods and costs to execute similar leases. While our methodology for purchase price allocation did not change during the year ended December 31, 2022, the real estate market is fluid and our assumptions are based on information currently available in the market at the time of acquisition. Significant increases or decreases in these key estimates, particularly with regards to cash flow projections and discount and capitalization rates, would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement of the real estate assets being acquired. 
 
 Revenue Recognition . We enter into agreements with tenants that convey the right to control the use of identified space at our properties in exchange for rental revenue. These agreements meet the criteria for recognition as leases under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, Leases . Lease classification tests require significant estimates and judgments by management in its application. Upon lease commencement or lease modification, we assess the lease classification to determine whether the lease should be classified as a direct financing, sales-type or operating lease. The determination of lease classification requires the calculation of the rate implicit in the lease, which is driven by significant estimates, including the estimation of both the value assigned to the property components on the lease commencement date or upon acquisition and the estimation of the unguaranteed residual value of such components at the end of the lease term. The determination of the lease term also requires judgement because the probability of purchase options and renewals have to be analyzed to conclude if they are reasonably certain of being exercised. If the lease component is determined to be a direct financing or sales-type lease, revenue is recognized over the life of the lease using the rate implicit in the lease. 
 
 Most of our leases are operating leases. We recognize operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease unless another systematic and rational basis is more representative of the time pattern in which the use benefit is derived from the leased property. We commence revenue recognition when possession or control of the space is turned over to the tenant. 
 Impairment of Real Estate . We record impairments of our real estate assets classified as held for use when triggering events dictate that an asset may be impaired. An impairment is recorded when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the sum of its undiscounted future operating and residual cash flows. The impairment is the difference between estimated fair value of the asset and the carrying amount. We record impairments of our real estate assets classified as held for sale at the lower of the carrying amount or estimated fair value using the estimated or contracted sales price less costs to sell. Any real estate assets recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis as a result of our impairment analysis are valued using unobservable local and national industry market data such as comparable sales, appraisals, brokers opinions of value and/or terms of definitive sales contracts. Additionally, the analysis includes considerable judgement in our estimates of hold periods, projected cash flows and discount and capitalization rates. Significant increases or decreases in any of these inputs, particularly with regards to cash flow projections and discount and capitalization rates, would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement of the real estate assets being assessed. 
 We will record an impairment charge related to our investments, including investments in non-consolidated entities, if we determine the fair value of the investments are less than their carrying value and such impairment is other-than-temporary. We evaluate whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of our investments may not be recoverable. Our evaluation of changes in economic or operating conditions and whether an impairment is other-than-temporary may include developing estimates of fair value, forecasted cash flows or operating income before depreciation and amortization. We estimate undiscounted cash flows and fair value using observable and unobservable data such as operating income, hold periods, estimated 
 45 

Table of Contents 

capitalization and discount rates, or relevant market multiples, leasing prospects and local market information and whether certain impairments are other-than-temporary. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses. ASC 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses ASC 326 requires that we measure and record current expected credit losses for our sales-type lease. We have elected to use a discounted cash flow model to estimate the allowance for credit losses. This model requires us to develop cash flows which project estimated credit losses over the life of the lease and discount these cash flows at the asset s effective interest rate. We then record an allowance equal to the difference between the amortized cost basis of the asset and the present value of the expected credit loss cash flows. 
 Expected losses within our cash flows are determined by estimating the probability of default of our tenant and their parent guarantors over the term of the lease. We evaluate the collectability of our investment in a sales-type lease based various probability weighted default scenarios that include, but are not limited to, current payment status, the financial strength of our tenant and its parent guarantors, current economic conditions and 20 years of historical information on corporate defaults for entities with similar credit. Estimates in the discounted cash flow model are highly subjective. We have engaged a nationally recognized data analytics firm to assist us with estimating the probability default of our tenant and their parent guarantor. 
 We regularly evaluate the extent and impact of any credit deterioration that could affect performance and the value of our investment in a sales-type leases, as well as the financial and operating capability of the tenant. We also evaluate the tenant s competency in managing and operating the secured property and consider the overall economic environment, real estate sector and geographic sub-market in which the secured property is located. If a tenant's credit deteriorates and it defaults under the terms of the sales-type lease, we put the lease in non-accrual status until it is determined that all payments under the lease are probable of being collected. The criteria evaluated to determine when a lease is in non-accrual status is subjective. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 Cybersecurity 
 While we have yet to experience a cyber attack that disrupted our operations in any material respect, all companies, including ours, are increasing the resources allocated to address and protect against cybersecurity threats. Due to the small size of our organization, we rely on third-parties to provide advice and services with respect to cybersecurity, which is not currently, but could become, a material cost. 

Environmental, Social and Governance 
 
 ESG matters are becoming a central focus for our shareholders, employees, tenants, suppliers, creditors, and communities. During 2022, we allocated an increased amount of resources to ESG matters. We expect to continue to increase our ESG efforts and the resources allocated to ESG matters in the near future. 

Liquidity 
 General. Our principal sources of liquidity have been (1) undistributed cash flows generated from our investments, (2) proceeds from the sales of our investments, (3) the public and private equity and debt markets, (4) corporate level borrowings, (5) property specific debt, and (6) commitments from co-investment partners. We believe our ratio of dividends to Adjusted Company Funds From Operations is conservative, and allows us to retain cash flow for internal growth. 
 Our ability to incur additional debt to fund acquisitions is dependent upon our existing leverage, the value of the assets we are attempting to leverage, our revenues and general economic and credit market conditions, which may be outside of management's control or influence. 
 Cash Flows . We believe that cash flows from operations will continue to provide adequate capital to fund our operating and administrative expenses, regular debt service obligations and all dividend payments in accordance with applicable REIT requirements in both the short-term and long-term. However, our cash flow from operations may be negatively affected in the near term if we experience tenant defaults. In addition, we anticipate that cash on hand, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, capital recycling proceeds, issuances of equity, mortgage proceeds and other debt, as well as other available alternatives, will provide the necessary capital required by our business. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Cash flows from operations as reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows totaled 194.3 million for 2022 and 220.3 million for 2021. The decrease was primarily related to property sales and a decrease in termination fee income, partially offset by cash flow generated from acquiring properties. The underlying drivers that impact our working capital, and therefore cash flows from operations, are the timing of collection of rents, including reimbursements from tenants, payment of interest on mortgage debt and payment of operating and general and administrative costs. We believe the net-lease structure of the leases encumbering a majority of the properties in which we have an interest mitigates the risks of the timing of cash flows from operations since the payment and timing of operating costs related to the properties are generally borne directly by the tenant. The collection and timing of tenant rents are closely monitored by management as part of our cash management program. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 236.9 million in 2022 and 337.8 million in 2021. Cash used in investing activities related primarily to acquisitions of real estate, investments in real estate under construction, land held for development, capital expenditures, lease costs, investments in non-consolidated entities, investment in a note receivable and changes in real estate deposits, net. Cash provided by investing activities primarily related to net proceeds received from the disposition of real estate and distributions from non-consolidated entities. 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities totaled 93.9) million in 2022 and 129.1 million in 2021. Cash used in financing activities in 2022 was primarily related to the repurchase of common shares, the purchase of a noncontrolling interest and dividend and debt service payments, offset by common share issuances and contributions from noncontrolling interests . Cash provided by financing activities in 2021 was primarily related to the issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes, revolving credit facility borrowings, mortgage proceeds, issuances of common shares and cash contributions from noncontrolling interests, offset by the redemption of the 2023 Senior Notes, dividend and debt service payments. 
 
 Public and Private Equity and Debt Markets . We access the public and private equity and debt markets on an opportunistic basis when we (1) believe conditions are favorable and (2) have a compelling use of proceeds. 
 We expect to continue to access debt and equity markets in the future to implement our business strategy and to fund future growth when market conditions are favorable. However, the volatility in the capital markets primarily resulting from the effects of rising interest rate volatility and rising inflation may negatively affect our ability to access these capital markets. 
 Equity: 
 At-The-Market Offering Program. We maintain an At-The-Market offering program, or ATM program, under which we can issue common shares, including through forward contracts. 
 During 2022, we issued 3.6 million common shares previously sold on a forward basis in the first quarter of 2021 on the maturity date of the contracts and received 38.5 million of net proceeds. During 2021, we settled 5.0 million common shares previously sold on a forward basis on the maturity date of the contract and received 53.6 million of net proceeds. 
 During 2021, we sold 1.1 million shares under the ATM program for net proceeds of 13.5 million. We did not sell shares under the ATM program during 2022. 
 During 2021, we amended the terms of our ATM offering program, under which we may, from time to time, sell up to 350.0 million common shares over the term of the program. As of December 31, 2022, common shares with an aggregate value of 295.0 million remain available for issuance under the ATM program. 
 Underwritten equity offerings. During 2021, we entered into forward sales contracts for the sale of 16.0 million common shares at a public offering price of 12.11 per common share in an underwritten equity offering. In December 2022, we issued 16.0 million common shares and we received 183.4 million of net proceeds. 
 The volatility in the capital markets primarily resulting from the effects of interest rate volatility and rising inflation may negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets through our ATM program and other offerings. 
 Direct Share Purchase Plan . We maintain a direct share purchase plan, which has two components, (i) a dividend reinvestment component and (ii) a direct share purchase component. Under the dividend reinvestment component, common shareholders and holders of OP units may elect to automatically reinvest their dividends and distributions to purchase our common shares. Under the direct share purchase component, our current investors and new investors can make optional cash purchases of our common shares. The administrator of the plan, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., purchases common shares for the accounts of the participants under the plan, at our discretion, either directly from us, on the open market or through a combination of those two options. No shares were purchased from us under the plan in 2022 and 2021. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Share Repurchase Program. In August 2022, our Board of Trustees authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 10.0 million common shares under our share repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date. During 2022, 12.1 million common shares were repurchased and retired for an average price of 10.78 per share. During 2021, there were no share repurchases. As of December 31, 2022, 6.9 million common shares remain available for repurchase under this authorization. 
 
 Operating Partnership Units . In recent years there has not been a great demand for OP units as consideration and, as a result, we expect the percentage of common shares that will be outstanding in the future relative to OP units will increase, and income attributable to noncontrolling interests should be expected to decrease, as such OP units are redeemed for our common shares. Furthermore, our credit agreement requires us to own at least 95.5 of a subsidiary for the assets of such subsidiary to be included in the calculation of our credit agreement covenants, which incents us to maintain our percentage ownership in LCIF and not issue additional OP units. 
 
 During 2021, LCIF redeemed and canceled 1,598,906 OP units in connection with the disposition of three properties. As of December 31, 2022, there were 0.7 million OP units outstanding not owned by us which were convertible on a one OP unit for approximately 1.13 common shares basis into an aggregate of 0.8 million common shares assuming we satisfied redemptions entirely with common shares. All outstanding OP units are entitled to a distribution equal to the dividend on our common shares or a stated distribution that may adjust based on our common share dividend amount. We expect to merge LCIF with and into us by the end of 2023. 
 
 Debt: 
 Corporate Borrowings . In 2021, we issued 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2031 Senior Notes. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2031 Senior Notes to redeem the 188.8 million aggregate principal balance of our outstanding 2023 Senior Notes. 
 
 The following Senior Notes were outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 
 Issue Date Face Amount (millions) Interest Rate Maturity Date Issue Price August 2021 400.0 2.375 October 2031 99.758 August 2020 400.0 2.70 September 2030 99.233 May 2014 198.9 4.40 June 2024 99.883 998.9 
 The Senior Notes are unsecured and pay interest semi-annually in arrears. We may redeem the Senior Notes at our option at any time prior to maturity in whole or in part by paying the principal amount of the Senior Notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium. 
 A summary of the maturity dates and interest rates under our unsecured credit agreement, as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 
 Maturity Date Interest Rate 600.0 Million Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 07/2026 SOFR + 0.85 300.0 Million Term Loan (2) 
 01/2025 Term SOFR + 1.00 
 (1) Maturity date of the revolving credit facility can be extended to July 2027 at our option. The interest rate ranges from SOFR plus 0.725 to 1.40 . At December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding and availability of 600.0 million, subject to covenant compliance. 
 (2) The Term SOFR portion of the interest rate was swapped to obtain a current fixed rate of 2.722 per annum. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenants contained in our corporate level debt agreements. 
 During 2007, we issued 200.0 million in Trust Preferred Securities, which bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.804 through April 2017 and, thereafter, bears interest at a variable rate of three month LIBOR plus 170 basis points. These securities are (1) classified as debt, (2) due in 2037 and (3) currently redeemable by us. As of December 31, 2022, there were 129.1 million of these securities outstanding. During 2023, we expect to transition from LIBOR to a new benchmark rate. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Property Specific Debt . As of December 31, 2022, we have a limited number of consolidated properties subject to mortgages. Our property owner subsidiaries do not have mortgage maturities with balloon payments due until 2031. With respect to mortgages encumbering properties where the expected lease rental revenues are sufficient to provide an estimated property value in excess of the mortgage balance, we believe our property owner subsidiaries have sufficient sources of liquidity to meet these obligations through future cash flows from operations, the credit markets and, if determined appropriate by us, a capital contribution from us from either cash on hand 54.4 million at December 31, 2022), property sale proceeds or borrowing capacity on our primary credit facility 600.0 million as of December 31, 2022, subject to covenant compliance). 
 
 Our secured debt decreased to approximately 73.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 84.4 million at December 31, 2021. We expect to continue to use property specific, non-recourse mortgages in certain situations as we believe that by properly matching a debt obligation, including the balloon maturity risk, with the terms of a lease, our cash-on-cash returns increase and the exposure to residual valuation risk is reduced. In addition, we may procure credit tenant lease financing in certain situations where we are able to monetize all or a significant portion of the rental revenues of a property at an attractive rate. 
 Institutional Fund Management . We have entered into co-investment programs and joint ventures with institutional investors to mitigate our risk in certain assets and increase our return on equity to the extent we earn management or other fees. However, investments in certain co-investment programs and joint ventures limit our ability to make investment decisions unilaterally relating to the assets and limit our ability to deploy capital. 
 
 During 2021, we recapitalized a portfolio of 22 special purpose industrial properties, primarily manufacturing assets, through the formation of an institutional joint venture. This enabled us to capitalize on the compression of capitalization rates for these industrial assets, while mitigating risks of staying fully invested in these assets. We own 20 of this institutional joint venture and we and our partner are committed to fund an additional 50.0 million and 200.0 million, respectively, of future capital to grow this joint venture by acquiring special purpose industrial properties that do not conflict with our warehouse and distribution investment strategy. No additional acquisitions have been made by this joint venture and it is unlikely that this joint venture will make acquisitions until interest rates stabilize and financing is more accessible. 
 
 The real estate investments owned by our institutional joint ventures are generally financed with non-recourse debt. Non-recourse debt is generally defined as debt whereby the lenders' sole recourse with respect to borrower defaults is limited to the value of the assets collateralized by the debt. The lender generally does not have recourse against any other assets owned by the borrower or any of the members or partners of the borrower, except for certain specified exceptions listed in the particular loan documents. These exceptions generally relate to bad boy acts, including fraud, prohibited transfers and breaches of material representations, and environmental matters. We have guaranteed such obligations for certain of our non-consolidated entities with respect to 552.8 million of such non-recourse debt. We believe the likelihood of making any payments under such guaranties is remote and we generally have an agreement from each partner to reimburse us for its proportionate share of any liability related to a guarantee trigger unless such trigger is caused solely by us. 
 Capital Recycling. Part of our strategy to effectively manage our balance sheet involves pursuing and executing well on property dispositions and recycling of capital. During 2022, we disposed of our interests in 10 properties and one land parcel for an aggregate gross price of 197.0 million. Additionally, the NNN Office JV disposed of six properties for an aggregate 354.9 million of gross proceeds and distributed 28.1 million to us after repayment of an aggregate of 229.5 million of non-recourse debt. The proceeds were primarily used to (1) fund the development pipeline and (2) make investments in real property. 
 
 As we near the completion of the capital recycling of our non-industrial assets, we have recycled, and we expect to continue our recycling efforts with respect to our older industrial assets and/or those outside our target markets. We believe capital recycling (1) provides cost effective and timely capital to deleverage and to support for our investment activities and (2) allows us to maintain line capacity and cash in advance of our development commitments. 
 Liquidity Needs . Our principal liquidity needs are the contractual obligations set forth under the heading Contractual Obligations, below, and the payment of dividends to our shareholders and distributions to the holders of OP units. As we grow our development pipeline, we expect that development activities will become a greater part of our liquidity needs. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.5 billion of indebtedness, consisting of mortgages and notes payable outstanding, a term loan, 2.375 , 2.70 , and 4.40 Senior Notes and Trust Preferred Securities, with a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 3.2 . The ability of a property owner subsidiary to make debt service payments depends upon the rental revenues of its property and its ability to refinance the mortgage related thereto, sell the related property, or access capital from us or other sources. A property owner subsidiary's ability to accomplish such goals will be affected by numerous economic factors affecting the real estate industry, including the risks described under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 If we are unable to satisfy our contractual obligations and other operating costs with our cash flow from operations, we intend to use borrowings and proceeds from issuances of equity or debt securities. If a property owner subsidiary is unable to satisfy its contractual obligations and other operating costs, it may default on its obligations and lose its assets in foreclosure or through bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 In connection with our intention to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we expect to continue paying regular dividends to our shareholders. These dividends are expected to be paid from operating cash flows and/or from other sources. Since cash used to pay dividends reduces amounts available for capital investments, we generally intend to maintain a conservative dividend payout ratio, reserving such amounts as we consider necessary for the maintenance or expansion of properties in our portfolio, debt reduction, the acquisition of interests in new properties as suitable opportunities arise, and such other factors as our Board of Trustees considers appropriate. 
 
 We paid approximately 142.5 million in cash dividends to our common and preferred shareholders in 2022. Although our property owner subsidiaries receive the majority of our base rental payments on a monthly basis, we intend to continue paying dividends quarterly. Amounts accumulated in advance of each quarterly distribution are invested by us in short-term money market or other suitable instruments. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had six ongoing consolidated development projects and expect to incur approximately 107.0 million of costs in 2023, excluding noncontrolling interests' share, to substantially complete the construction of such projects. As of December 31, 2022, we had three consolidated and two non-consolidated subsidiaries that owned land parcels held for industrial development. We are unable to estimate the timing of any required fundings for potential development projects on these parcels. 

Capital Resources 
 
 General . Due to the net-lease structure of a majority of our investments, our property owner subsidiaries historically have not incurred significant expenditures in the ordinary course of business to maintain the properties in which we have an interest. As leases expire, we expect our property owner subsidiaries to incur costs in extending the existing tenant leases, re-tenanting the properties with a single-tenant, or converting the property to multi-tenant use. The amounts of these expenditures can vary significantly depending on tenant negotiations, market conditions, rental rates and property type. 
 
 Single-Tenant Properties. We do not anticipate significant capital expenditures at the single-tenant properties in which we have an interest that are subject to net or similar leases since the tenants at these properties generally bear all or substantially all of the cost of property operations, maintenance and repairs. However, at certain properties subject to net leases, our property owner subsidiaries are responsible for replacement and/or repair of certain capital items, which may or may not be reimbursed. In addition, at certain single-tenant properties that are not subject to a net lease, our property owner subsidiaries have a level of property operating expense responsibility, which may or may not be reimbursed. 
 Multi-Tenant Properties . Primarily as a result of non-renewals at single-tenant net-lease properties, we have interests in multi-tenant properties in our consolidated portfolio. While tenants of these properties are generally responsible for increases over base year expenses, our property owner subsidiaries are generally responsible for the base-year expenses and capital expenditures, and are responsible for all expenses related to vacant space, at these properties. 
 
 Vacant Properties . To the extent there is a vacancy in a property, our property owner subsidiary would be obligated for all operating expenses, including capital expenditures, real estate taxes and insurance. When a property is vacant, our property owner subsidiary may incur substantial capital expenditure and releasing costs to re-tenant the property. However, we believe that, over the long term, our focus on industrial assets will result in significant savings compared to investing in office assets due to the lower operating and retenanting costs of industrial assets compared to office assets. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Property Expansions . Under certain leases, tenants have the right to expand the facility located on a property in which we have an interest. We expect our property owner subsidiaries may fund these property expansions with either additional secured borrowings, the repayment of which will be funded out of rental increases under the leases covering the expanded properties, or capital contributions from us. 
 Ground Leases . The tenants of properties in which we have an interest generally pay the rental obligations on ground leases either directly to the fee holder or to our property owner subsidiary as increased rent. However, our property owner subsidiaries are responsible for these payments (1) under certain leases without reimbursement and (2) at vacant properties. 
 
 Environmental Matters. Based upon management's ongoing review of the properties in which we have an interest, management is not aware of any environmental condition with respect to any of these properties that would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. There can be no assurance, however, that (1) the discovery of environmental conditions, which were previously unknown, (2) changes in law, (3) the conduct of tenants or (4) activities relating to properties in the vicinity of the properties in which we have an interest, will not expose us to material liability in the future. Changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise adversely affect the operations of the tenants of properties in which we have an interest. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared with December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income attributable to common shareholders of 268.5 million was primarily due to the items discussed below. 
 
 The decrease in total gross revenues of 22.8 million was primarily a result of a decrease of 15.1 million of termination income. In addition, property sales, including the recapitalization in December 2021 of our special purpose industrial portfolio now owned by MFG Cold JV, contributed to the decrease, which was partially offset by revenue from recently acquired properties and an increase in advisory fees during 2022. 
 The increase in depreciation and amortization expense of 3.9 million was primarily due to acquisition activity. 
 The increase in property operating expense of 7.6 million was primarily due to an increase in operating expense responsibilities at certain properties. 
 The increase in general and administrative expense of 3.3 million was primarily due to an increase of 1.4 million in costs incurred related to the Board of Trustees' strategic alternatives review and costs related to shareholder activism. The remaining 1.9 million increase is primarily due to an increase in severance expense, payroll expense, trustee fees, legal and other consulting costs. 
 The increase in transaction costs of 3.7 million is primarily related to recognizing the direct costs of entering into a sales-type lease as an expense in accordance with the applicable GAAP accounting guidance, with no similar transaction in the prior year. 
 The decrease in interest and amortization expense of 1.3 million related primarily to the satisfaction of secured debt in 2021 and a 4.3 million increase in capitalized interest mostly related to increased development. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in interest expense related to increased interest rates on our variable-rate unsecured debt and increased amounts of unsecured debt during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 The decrease in debt satisfaction losses, net, of 13.8 million was primarily related to the redemption of the 2023 Senior Notes during 2021. 
 The decrease in impairment charges of 2.5 million was primarily due to the timing of impairment charges taken on certain properties. The impairments were primarily due to shortened hold periods, rising interest rates, vacancy and lack of leasing prospects. 
 The decrease in gains on sales of properties of 308.2 million was primarily related to the sale of 22 properties to a newly-formed joint venture in 2021 and the timing of property dispositions. 
 The increase in selling profit from sales-type leases of 47.1 million was due to three leases qualifying as sales-type leases in 2022 with no comparable transactions in 2021. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

The increase in equity in earnings (losses) of non-consolidated entities of 16.2 million was primarily due to recognizing our share of gains on sale of five properties from NNN Office JV L.P. in 2022 in the amount of 24.5 million with no property sales at our non-consolidated entities in 2021. The increase was primarily offset by recognizing our share of impairment charges and losses on debt satisfaction related to NNN Office JV L.P. in 2022 in the amount of 5.1 million and 1.5 million, respectively. 
 The increase in net income or decrease in net loss in future periods will be closely tied to the level of acquisitions made by us. Without acquisitions, the sources of growth in net income are limited to fixed rent adjustments and index adjustments (such as the consumer price index), reduced interest expense on amortizing mortgages and variable rate indebtedness and by controlling other variable overhead costs. However, there are many factors beyond management's control that could offset these items including, without limitation, changes in economic conditions such as the recent economic uncertainty primarily caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, increased interest rates and tenant monetary defaults and the other risks described in this Annual Report. 
 The analysis of the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with December 31, 2020 is included in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, on February 24, 2022. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Same-Store Results 
 Same-store net operating income, or NOI, which is a non-GAAP measure, represents the NOI for consolidated properties that were owned and included in our portfolio for two comparable reporting periods. We define NOI as operating revenues (rental income (less GAAP rent adjustments, non-cash income related to sales-type leases and lease termination income, net), and other property income) less property operating expenses. As same-store NOI excludes the change in NOI from acquired and disposed of properties, it highlights operating trends such as occupancy levels, rental rates and operating costs on properties. Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating same-store NOI, and accordingly same-store NOI may not be comparable to other REITs. Management believes that same-store NOI is a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance. However, same-store NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it does not reflect the operations of our entire portfolio, nor does it reflect the impact of general and administrative expenses, acquisition-related expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization costs, other nonproperty income and losses, the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, or trends in development and construction activities which are significant economic costs and activities that could materially impact our results from operations. We believe that net income is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to same-store NOI. 
 The following presents our consolidated same-store NOI, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 000): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total cash base rent 207,087 197,684 Tenant reimbursements 35,221 33,186 Property operating expenses (39,049) (36,910) Same-store NOI 203,259 193,960 
 Our reported same-store NOI increased from 2021 to 2022 by 4.8 primarily due to an increase in occupancy and cash base rents. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our historical same-store square footage leased was 99.8 and 99.7 , respectively. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Below is a reconciliation of net income to same-store NOI for periods presented: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 116,243 385,091 Interest and amortization expense 45,417 46,708 Provision for income taxes 1,102 1,293 Depreciation and amortization 180,567 176,714 General and administrative 38,714 35,458 Transaction costs 4,177 432 Non-operating/advisory fee income (6,550) (4,402) Gains on sales of properties (59,094) (367,274) Impairment charges 3,037 5,541 Selling profit from sales-type leases (47,059) Debt satisfaction losses, net 119 13,894 Equity in (earnings) losses of non-consolidated entities (16,006) 190 Lease termination income, net (238) (14,972) Straight-line adjustments (11,412) (12,324) Lease incentives 518 780 Amortization of above/below market leases (1,865) (1,551) Sales-type lease adjustments (249) NOI 247,421 265,578 Less NOI: Acquisitions and dispositions 
 (44,162) (71,618) Same-Store NOI 203,259 193,960 
 Funds From Operations 
 
 We believe that Funds from Operations, or FFO, which is a non-GAAP measure, is a widely recognized and appropriate measure of the performance of an equity REIT. We believe FFO is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO when reporting their results. FFO is intended to exclude GAAP historical cost depreciation and amortization of real estate and related assets, which assumes that the value of real estate diminishes ratably over time. Historically, however, real estate values have risen or fallen with market conditions. As a result, FFO provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, development activities, interest costs and other matters without the inclusion of depreciation and amortization, providing a perspective that may not necessarily be apparent from net income. 
 
 The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, defines FFO as net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP), excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, gains and losses from the sales of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity. The reconciling items include amounts to adjust earnings from consolidated partially-owned entities and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates to FFO. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and is not indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. 
 
 We present FFO available to common shareholders and unitholders - basic and also present FFO available to all equityholders and unitholders - diluted on a company-wide basis as if all securities that are convertible, at the holder's option, into our common shares, are converted at the beginning of the period. We also present Adjusted Company FFO available to all equityholders and unitholders - diluted, which adjusts FFO available to all equityholders and unitholders - diluted for certain items which we believe are not indicative of the operating results of our real estate portfolio. We believe this is an appropriate presentation as it is frequently requested by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties. Since others do not calculate these measures in a similar fashion, these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures as reported by others. These measures should not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our operating performance or as an alternative to cash flow as a measure of liquidity. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

The following presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to common shareholders to FFO available to common shareholders and unitholders and Adjusted Company FFO available to all equityholders and unitholders for 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 
 Year Ended December31, 2022 2021 FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS: Basic and Diluted: Net income attributable to common shareholders 107,307 375,848 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization 177,725 173,833 Impairment charges - real estate, including our share of non-consolidated entities 8,137 5,541 Noncontrolling interests - OP units 156 1,672 Amortization of leasing commissions 2,842 2,881 Joint venture and noncontrolling interest adjustment 11,112 8,370 Gains on sales of properties, including our share of non-consolidated entities (83,562) (367,274) FFO available to common shareholders and unitholders - basic 223,717 200,871 Preferred dividends 6,290 6,290 Amount allocated to participating securities 186 510 FFO available to all equityholders and unitholders - diluted 230,193 207,671 Selling profit from sales-type leases (1) 
 (47,059) Allowance for credit losses 93 Transaction costs (2) 
 4,177 432 Debt satisfaction losses, net, including our share of non-consolidated entities 1,615 13,894 Other non-recurring costs (3) 
 2,573 1,199 Noncontrolling interest adjustments 1,469 Adjusted Company FFO available to all equityholders and unitholders - diluted 
 193,061 223,196 
 Per Common Share and Unit Amounts Basic: FFO 
 0.80 0.72 Diluted: FFO 
 0.80 0.72 Adjusted Company FFO 
 0.67 0.78 
 
 Weighted-Average Common Shares: Basic: Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic EPS 
 279,887,760 277,640,835 Operating partnership units (4) 
 853,259 1,918,845 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic FFO 
 280,741,019 279,559,680 Diluted: 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted EPS 
 282,473,458 287,369,742 Unvested share-based payment awards 
 17,381 44,261 Preferred shares - Series C 
 4,710,570 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted FFO 
 287,201,409 287,414,003 
 
 (1) Aggregate gains recognized upon entering into a sales-type lease and exercises of tenant's purchase options in leases. 
 (2) Includes initial direct costs incurred in connection with entering into investments classified as sales-type leases and other acquisition related costs. 
 (3) Includes strategic alternatives and costs related to shareholder activism. 
 (4) Includes OP units other than OP units held by us. 

55 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 Our exposure to market risk relates primarily to our variable-rate indebtedness not subject to interest rate swaps and our fixed-rate debt. Our consolidated aggregate principal variable-rate indebtedness was 129.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which represented 8.6 and 8.5 , respectively, of our aggregate principal consolidated indebtedness. During 2022 and 2021, our variable-rate indebtedness had a weighted-average interest rate of 3.5 and 1.7 , respectively. Had the weighted-average interest rate been 100 basis points higher, our interest expense for 2022 and 2021 would have increased by 2.3 million and 1.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our aggregate principal consolidated fixed-rate debt was 1.4 billion, which represented 91.4 and 91.5 , respectively, of our aggregate principal indebtedness. 
 
 For certain of our financial instruments, fair values are not readily available since there are no active trading markets as characterized by current exchanges between willing parties. Accordingly, we derive or estimate fair values using various valuation techniques, such as computing the present value of estimated future cash flows using discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. However, the determination of estimated cash flows may be subjective and imprecise. Changes in assumptions or estimation methodologies can have a material effect on these estimated fair values. The following fair value was determined using the interest rates that we believe our outstanding fixed-rate debt would warrant as of December 31, 2022 and is indicative of the interest rate environment as of December 31, 2022, and does not take into consideration the effects of subsequent interest rate fluctuations. Accordingly, we estimate that the fair value of our fixed-rate debt was 1.2 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our interest rate risk objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate fluctuations on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we manage our exposure to fluctuations in market interest rates through the use of fixed-rate debt instruments to the extent that reasonably favorable rates are obtainable with such arrangements. We have historically entered into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps or caps to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument or to effectively lock the interest rate on a portion of our variable-rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had four interest rate swap agreements in our consolidated portfolio, all of which expire in January 2025. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 2 1 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years e nded December 31, 202 2 , December 31, 202 1 and December 31, 20 20 
 67 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 

57 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of LXP Industrial Trust 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of LXP Industrial Trust and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Real Estate, net Determination of Impairment Indicators and Impairment Refer to Notes 2 and 5 of the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s evaluation of real estate assets for impairment involves an initial assessment of each real estate asset to determine whether events or changes in circumstances exist that indicate that the carrying value of real estate assets may no longer be recoverable. Possible indications of impairment may include increases in vacancy at a property, tenant financial instability, or whether there is a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset or asset group will be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life. When such events or changes in circumstances exist, the Company evaluates its real estate assets for impairment by comparing anticipated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be derived from the asset to the respective carrying value. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an analysis is performed to determine the fair value of the asset. An asset is determined to be impaired if the asset's carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. 
 
 The Company makes significant assumptions to estimate its holding period of an asset. Additionally, for those real estate assets where indications of impairment have been identified, the Company makes significant estimates and assumptions related to rental rates and capitalization rates included in the estimated future undiscounted cash flows and, as necessary, the discount rate applied to determine fair value of the assets. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the identification 
 58 

Table of Contents 

of real estate assets for impairment, the estimated fair value of the asset, or the amount of any impairment charge recognized. Total real estate assets as of December 31, 2022 were 3.7 billion. The Company recorded 3.0 million of impairment charges on real estate assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Auditing management s assumptions requires evaluation of whether management appropriately identified impairment indicators relating to the asset s estimated holding periods and whether management s anticipated future undiscounted cash flows and estimated fair values are reasonable. Because of the subjectivity of these assumptions our audit procedures required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures to evaluate management s estimated holding period of an asset and to evaluate the assumptions used in undiscounted cash flows and fair value models included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management's evaluation of real estate assets for impairment, specifically over identification of possible events or changes in estimated holding period of an asset, controls over rental rates and capitalization rates used in management s anticipated future undiscounted cash flows, as well as controls over management selection and estimate of discount rates in estimating fair value of real estate assets. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s assessment of estimated holding periods by: 
 a. Comparing management s previous holding period assumptions to the Company s subsequent sale of an asset. 
 b. Discussing with accounting and operations management the Company s intent regarding sale or holding onto the asset. 
 c. Evaluating the consistency of the assumptions used with obtained audit evidence in other audit areas. 
 d. Reading minutes of the executive committee and board of directors meetings to identify any indicators that a long-lived asset will likely be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s determination of anticipated future undiscounted cash flows for those assets with impairment indicators and for which the fair value for those that the carrying value was determined not to be recoverable by performing the following: 
 
 a. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology; (2) significant assumptions made, including testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate, rental rates, capitalization rates and developing a range of independent estimates based on external market sources and comparing our estimates to the assumptions utilized by management; and (3) mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 
 /s/ 

February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Trustees of LXP Industrial Trust 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of LXP Industrial Trust and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 16, 2023 
 60 

Table of Contents 

LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 000, except share and per share data) As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Real estate, at cost Real estate - intangible assets Land held for development Investments in real estate under construction Real estate, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Real estate, net 
 Assets held for sale 
 Right-of-use assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Investments in non-consolidated entities Deferred expenses (net of accumulated amortization of in 2022 and in 2021) 
 Investment in a sales-type lease, net (allowance for credit loss of in 2022) 
 Rent receivable - current Rent receivable - deferred Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity: Liabilities: Mortgages and notes payable, net Term loan payable, net Senior notes payable, net Trust preferred securities, net Dividends payable Liabilities held for sale Operating lease liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities Accrued interest payable Deferred revenue - including below market leases (net of accumulated accretion of in 2022 and in 2021) 
 Prepaid rent Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Preferred shares, par value per share; authorized shares, 
 Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred, liquidation preference and shares issued and outstanding 
 Common shares, par value per share; authorized shares, and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated distributions in excess of net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 000, except share and per share data) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Gross revenues: Rental revenue Other revenue Total gross revenues Expense applicable to revenues: Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Property operating ) ) ) General and administrative ) ) ) Transaction costs ) ) ) Non-operating income Interest and amortization expense ) ) ) Debt satisfaction gains (losses), net ) ) Impairment charges ) ) ) Change in allowance for credit loss ) Gains on sales of properties Selling profit from sales-type leases Income before provision for income taxes and equity in earnings (losses) of non-consolidated entities Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of non-consolidated entities ) ) Net income Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to LXP Industrial Trust shareholders Dividends attributable to preferred shares - Series C ) ) ) Allocation to participating securities ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income attributable to common shareholders - per common share basic 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders - per common share diluted 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 000) 
 Years ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in unrealized income (loss) on interest rate swaps, net ) Company's share of other comprehensive income of non-consolidated entities Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to LXP Industrial Trust shareholders 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 000 except share amounts) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 LXP Industrial Trust Shareholders Total Number of Preferred Shares Preferred Shares Number of Common Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-in-Capital Accumulated Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of partnership interest in real estate Redemption of noncontrolling OP units for common shares ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint venture ) ) ) Issuance of common shares and deferred compensation amortization, net Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares to settle tax obligations ) ) ) Forfeiture of employee common shares ) Dividends/distributions per common share) 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Company's share of other comprehensive income of non-consolidated entities Balance December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 000 except share amounts) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 LXP Industrial Trust Shareholders Total Number of Preferred Shares Preferred Shares Number of Common Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-in-Capital Accumulated Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of partnership interest in real estate 
 Redemption of noncontrolling OP units for common shares 
 ) Redemption of noncontrolling OP units for real estate ) ) ) Issuance of common shares and deferred compensation amortization, net 
 Repurchase of common shares to settle tax obligations 
 ) ) ) Forfeiture of employee common shares 
 ) Dividends/distributions per common share) 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 000 except share amounts) 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 LXP Industrial Trust Shareholders Total Number of Preferred Shares Preferred Shares Number of Common Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-in-Capital Accumulated Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Balance December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of partnership interest in real estate 
 Redemption of noncontrolling OP units for common shares 
 ) Issuance of common shares and deferred compensation amortization, net 
 Repurchase of common shares 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares to settle tax obligations 
 ) ) ) Forfeiture of employee common shares 
 ) Dividends/distributions per common share) 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 
 66 

Table of Contents 

LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 000) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Gains on sales of properties 
 ) ) ) Change in allowance for credit loss Selling profit from sales-type leases ) Debt satisfaction (gains) losses, net ) Impairment charges Straight-line rents 
 ) ) ) Amortization of right of use assets 
 Other non-cash expense, net Equity in (earnings) losses of non-consolidated entities 
 ) Distributions of accumulated earnings from non-consolidated entities 
 Changes in assets and liabilities Change in accounts payable and other liabilities 
 ) Change in rent receivable and prepaid rent, net 
 Change in accrued interest payable 
 Other adjustments, net 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of real estate, including intangible assets ) ) ) Investment in real estate under construction ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Net proceeds from sale of properties Investment in loans receivable ) Principal payments on loans receivable Investments in non-consolidated entities, net ) ) ) Distributions from non-consolidated entities in excess of accumulated earnings Payments of deferred leasing costs ) ) ) Change in real estate deposits, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends to common and preferred shareholders ) ) ) Principal amortization payments ) ) ) Principal payments on debt, excluding normal amortization ) Proceeds of mortgages and notes payable Revolving credit facility borrowings Revolving credit facility payments ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Repurchase of senior notes ) ) Payments for early extinguishment of debt ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) ) Cash distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Cash contributions from noncontrolling interests Repurchase of common shares ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Issuance of common shares, net of costs and repurchases to settle tax obligations Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Less restricted cash classified as held for sale ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

(1) 
 
 consolidated properties located in states. The properties in which the Company has an interest are primarily net leased to tenants in various industries. 
 The Company believes it has qualified as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Accordingly, the Company will not be subject to federal income tax, provided that distributions to its shareholders equal at least the amount of its REIT taxable income as defined under the Code. The Company is permitted to participate in certain activities from which it was previously precluded in order to maintain its qualification as a REIT, so long as these activities are conducted in entities which elect to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries TRS under the Code. As such, the TRS are subject to federal income taxes on the income from these activities. 
 The Company conducts its operations indirectly through (1) property owner subsidiaries, which are single purpose entities, (2) a wholly-owned TRS, Lexington Realty Advisors, Inc. LRA ), and (3) joint ventures. Property owner subsidiaries are landlords under leases for properties in which the Company has an interest and/or borrowers under loan agreements secured by properties in which the Company has an interest and lender subsidiaries are lenders under loan agreements where the Company made an investment in a loan asset, but in all cases are separate and distinct legal entities. Each property owner subsidiary is a separate legal entity that maintains separate books and records. The assets and credit of each property owner subsidiary with a property subject to a mortgage loan are not available to creditors to satisfy the debt and other obligations of any other person, including any other property owner subsidiary or any other affiliate. Consolidated entities that are not property owner subsidiaries do not directly own any of the assets of a property owner subsidiary (or the general partner, member or managing member of such property owner subsidiary), but merely hold partnership, membership or beneficial interests therein, which interests are subordinate to the claims of such property owner subsidiary's (or its general partner's, member's or managing member's) creditors. 
 
 (2) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interests in consolidated joint ventures with developers, consisting of on-going development projects and land joint ventures, with ownership interests ranging from to . Each joint venture owns land parcels with the intention of developing industrial properties. The Company determined that the joint ventures are variable interest entities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. The Company concluded that it is the primary beneficiary in each of the joint ventures and as such, the joint ventures' operations are consolidated in the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition, the Company is the primary beneficiary of certain other VIEs as it has a controlling financial interest in these entities. Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. LCIF is a consolidated VIE and the Company, as of December 31, 2022, has an approximate ownership interest. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

Total assets Total liabilities 
 In addition, the Company acquires, from time to time, properties using a reverse like-kind exchange structure pursuant to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code (a "reverse 1031 exchange") and, as such, the properties are in the possession of an Exchange Accommodation Titleholder ("EAT") until the reverse 1031 exchange is completed. The EAT is classified as a VIE as it is a thinly capitalized entity. The Company consolidates the EAT because it is the primary beneficiary as it has the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact the EAT's economic performance and can collapse the 1031 exchange structure at any time. The assets of the EAT primarily consist of leased property (net real estate and intangibles). 

69 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

Acquisition of Real Estate. The fair value of the real estate acquired, which includes the impact of fair value adjustments for assumed mortgage debt related to property acquisitions, is allocated to the acquired tangible assets, consisting of land, building and improvements and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above-market and below-market leases, other value of in-place leases and value of tenant relationships, based in each case on their fair values. The Company's acquisitions are primarily considered asset acquisitions, thus acquisition costs are capitalized. 
 The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property (which includes land, building and improvements and fixtures and equipment) is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant. The as-if-vacant value is then allocated to land and building and improvements based on management's determination of relative fair values of these assets. Factors considered by management in performing these analyses include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rental revenue during the expected lease-up periods based on current market demand. Management also estimates costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions. Management generally retains a third party to assist in the allocations. 
 In allocating the fair value of the identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, above-market and below-market lease values are recorded based on the difference between the current in-place lease rent and management's estimate of current market rents. Below-market lease intangibles are recorded as part of deferred revenue and amortized into rental revenue over the non-cancelable periods and bargain renewal periods of the respective leases. Above-market leases are recorded as part of intangible assets and amortized as a direct charge against rental revenue over the non-cancelable portion of the respective leases. 
 The aggregate value of other acquired intangible assets, consisting of in-place leases and tenant relationship values, is measured based on the lease revenue and market value of lease up costs avoided as a result of having an in-place lease on the acquisition date. This aggregate value is allocated between in-place lease values and tenant relationship values based on management's evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant's lease. The value of in-place leases is amortized to expense over the remaining non-cancelable periods and any bargain renewal periods of the respective leases. The value of tenant relationships is amortized to expense over the applicable lease term plus expected renewal periods. 
 Depreciation is determined by the straight-line method over the remaining estimated economic useful lives of the properties. The Company generally depreciates its real estate assets over periods ranging up to years. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

71 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

72 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 The Company has made an accounting policy election to account for share-based award forfeitures in compensation costs when they occur. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not aware of any environmental matter relating to any of its investments that would have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 industry segment, single-tenant real estate assets. 

(3) 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders - per common share basic 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 Impact of assumed conversions Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic 
 Effect of dilutive securities: 
 Unvested share-based payment awards and options Shares issuable under forward sales agreements Operating Partnership Units Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders - per common share diluted 
 
 For per common share amounts, all incremental shares are considered anti-dilutive for periods that have a loss from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders. In addition, other common share equivalents may be anti-dilutive in certain periods. 

(4) 
 Land, land estates and land improvements 
 Construction in progress 
 Real estate intangibles: In-place lease values 
 Tenant relationships 
 Above-market leases 
 Land held for development Investments in real estate under construction Accumulated depreciation and amortization (1) 
 ) ) Real estate, net 
 (1) Includes accumulated amortization of real estate intangible assets of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated amortization of the above real estate intangible assets for the next five years is in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and in 2027. 
 
 The Company had below-market leases, net of accumulated accretion, which are included in deferred revenue, of and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The estimated accretion for the next five years is in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and in 2027. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 N/A Cincinnati/Dayton, OH February 2022 04/2032 Phoenix, AZ April 2022 05/2037 Greenville-Spartanburg, SC (3) 
 December 2022 04/2035 Weighted-average life of intangible assets (years) 
 (1) A land parcel located in Hebron, OH was also purchased for . 
 (2) Subsequent to acquisition, property was fully leased for approximately . 

In 2022, the Company purchased the remaining of equity owned by a noncontrolling interest in the Fairburn, Georgia warehouse/distribution facility for . As the Company previously consolidated its interest in the joint venture which owned the property, the acquisition of the noncontrolling ownership interest was recorded as an equity transaction with the difference between the purchase price and carrying balance of recorded as a reduction in additional paid-in-capital. 
 12/2024 Indianapolis, IN January 2021 08/2025 Central Florida January 2021 05/2031 Columbus, OH (2) 
 March 2021 03/2024 Houston, TX May 2021 08/2028 Houston, TX May 2021 12/2026 Houston, TX May 2021 08/2024 Cincinnati/Dayton, OH June 2021 06/2023 Central Florida June 2021 N/A Greenville-Spartanburg, SC June 2021 09/2025 Greenville-Spartanburg, SC June 2021 06/2026 Greenville-Spartanburg, SC July 2021 04/2029 Greenville-Spartanburg, SC July 2021 12/2029 Greenville-Spartanburg, SC (3) 
 July 2021 N/A Greenville-Spartanburg, SC July 2021 09/2026 Columbus, OH August 2021 11/2029 Indianapolis, IN October 2021 12/2026 Indianapolis, IN October 2021 03/2031 Indianapolis, IN October 2021 12/2026 Atlanta, GA (2)(4) 
 November 2021 10/2028 Phoenix, AZ (2) 
 November 2021 11/2036 Phoenix, AZ December 2021 12/2031 Indianapolis, IN December 2021 11/2031 Atlanta, GA December 2021 07/2031 Atlanta, GA December 2021 09/2031 Atlanta, GA December 2021 09/2025 Weighted-average life of intangible assets (years) 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 . 
 (2) Development project substantially completed and placed into service. 
 (3) Subsequent to acquisition, property fully leased for years. 
 (4) Initial basis excludes certain remaining costs, including developer partner promote.) (3) 
 Columbus, OH 3Q 2022 Ocala 
 Central Florida 1Q 2023 Mt. Comfort 
 Indianapolis, IN 1Q 2023 South Shore 
 Central Florida 2Q 2023 Cotton 303 (4) 
 Phoenix, AZ 1Q 2023 - 2Q 2023 Smith Farms (5) 
 Greenville-Spartanburg, SC 1Q 2023 - 2Q 2023 
 (1) Estimated project cost includes estimated tenant improvements and leasing costs and excludes potential developer partner promote, if any. 
 (2) Excludes noncontrolling interests' share. 
 (3) Base building achieved substantial completion. Property not in service as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Pre-leased square foot facility with a lease commencing upon substantial completion of the facility and notice to the tenant. 
 (5) In December 2022, substantially completed and placed into service a square foot facility subject to a lease that commenced upon substantial completion of the facility. Remaining projects ongoing. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's aggregate investment in development arrangements was , which included capitalized interest of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is presented as investments in real estate under construction in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, capitalized interest for development arrangements was .) (2) 
 Phoenix, AZ Mt. Comfort Phase II 
 Indianapolis, IN ATL Fairburn 
 Atlanta, GA 
 (1) Excludes noncontrolling interests' share. 
 (2) Ground leased approximately acres of the original acre development land parcel located in the Phoenix, Arizona market, subject to a ground lease (with , extension options). The initial annual rental payments are and escalate by annually. 

(5) 
 , and , respectively, which resulted in gains on sales of , and , respectively, including, in 2021 the sale of special purpose industrial assets to a newly-formed joint venture, NNN MFG Cold JV L.P. MFG Cold JV ), with an unaffiliated third-party. 
 
 Included in the 2021 dispositions are non-industrial properties with a disposition price of , which was satisfied through (i) the redemption of operating units ("OP units"), (ii) the assumption of of third party mortgage financing that encumbered of the properties and (iii) of seller financing. The seller financing 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 per annum and matures on August 1, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the note receivable is . 
 
 Included in the 2020 dispositions are properties which were conveyed to the lenders in forgiveness of the mortgage loan encumbering each property. The balances of the non-recourse mortgage loans were in excess of the value of the property collateral, resulting in aggregate debt satisfaction gains, net of . For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized net debt satisfaction charges relating to properties sold of and , respectively. 
 
 The Company had and properties classified as held for sale at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Real estate, intangible assets Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Other Total assets held for sale Liabilities: Accounts payable and other liabilities Deferred revenue Prepaid rent Total liabilities held for sale 
 The Company assesses on a regular basis whether there are any indicators that the carrying value of its real estate assets may be impaired. Potential indicators may include an increase in vacancy at a property, tenant financial instability, change in the estimated holding period of the asset, the potential sale or transfer of the property in the near future and changes in economic conditions. An asset is determined to be impaired if the asset's carrying value is in excess of its estimated fair value and the Company estimates that its cost will not be recovered. 
 The Company's Fort Mill, South Carolina office properties that were held for sale as of December 31, 2021 were not sold as of December 31, 2022. It was determined that the properties were not salable in their current condition as of December 31, 2022 and were reclassified as held and used properties. The properties were reclassified to real estate assets, net at as of December 31, 2022. 
 , and , respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the aggregate impairment charges were recognized on properties that were primarily impaired due to a reduction in the anticipated holding period for those properties. 
 
 (6) 

78 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) ) Impaired real estate assets (1) 
 
 (1) Represents non-recurring fair value measurement. The Company measured of these fair values based on a discounted cash flow analysis, using a discount rate ranging from to and residual capitalization rates ranging from to . As significant inputs to the models are unobservable, the Company determined that the value determined for these properties falls within Level 3 of the fair value reporting hierarchy. 
 The majority of the inputs used to value the Company's interest rate swaps fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, such as observable market interest rate curves; however, the credit valuation associated with the interest rate swaps utilizes Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that the credit valuation adjustment relative to the overall interest rate swaps was not significant. As a result, all interest rate swaps have been classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Liabilities Debt 
 
 The fair value of the Company's investment in a sales-type lease, net is primarily estimated utilizing Level 3 inputs by using a discounted cash flow analysis and an estimate of the unguaranteed residual value. 
 
 The fair value of the Company's debt is primarily estimated utilizing Level 3 inputs by using a discounted cash flow analysis, based upon estimates of market interest rates. The Company determines the fair value of its Senior Notes using market prices. The inputs used in determining the fair value of these notes are categorized as Level 1 due to the fact that the Company uses quoted market rates to value these instruments. However, the inputs used in determining the fair value could be categorized as Level 2 if trading volumes are low. 
 
 Fair values cannot be determined with precision, may not be substantiated by comparison to quoted prices in active markets and may not be realized upon sale. Additionally, there are inherent uncertainties in any fair value measurement technique, and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates, liquidity risks and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect the fair value measurement amounts. 
 
 Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable . The Company estimates that the fair value of cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximates carrying value due to the relatively short maturity of the instruments. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 (7) 
 ) NNN Office JV L.P. ("NNN JV") (2)(6) 
 ) ) Etna Park 70 LLC (3) 
 ) ) ) Etna Park 70 East LLC (4) 
 ) ) ) BSH Lessee L.P. (5) 
 ) ) 
 (1) During 2021, the Company disposed of special purpose industrial assets to MFG Cold JV for an aggregate disposition price of , net of of purchase price adjustments, and acquired a interest in the MFG Cold JV. The Company recognized a gain of in connection with the disposition of the assets, and, in addition, MFG Cold JV assumed of non-recourse mortgage debt in the transaction. MFG Cold JV obtained of non-recourse mortgage financing which bears interest at one month Term SOFR plus basis points and has an initial term of but can be extended for additional terms of each. MFG Cold JV entered into an interest rate agreement which caps the one-month Term SOFR component of the mortgage financing at for two years. 
 (2) NNN JV is a joint venture formed in 2018 and owns office properties formerly owned by the Company. 
 (3) Joint venture formed in 2017 with a developer entity to acquire a parcel of land. 
 (4) Joint venture formed in 2019 with a developer entity to acquire a parcel of land. 
 (5) A joint venture investment, which owns a single-tenant, net-leased asset. 
 (6) During 2022, NNN JV sold assets and the Company recognized its share of aggregate gains on sale and impairment charges of and , respectively, within equity in earnings (losses) of non-consolidated entities within its consolidated statement of operations. During 2020, NNN JV sold assets and the Company recognized aggregate gains on the transactions of within equity in earnings (losses) of non-consolidated entities within its consolidated statement of operations. 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 
 (8) 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 , and , respectively, accounts receivable, net, relating to certain tenants suffering from the current economic conditions. 
 The Company elected that the lease and non-lease components in its leases are a single lease component, which is, therefore, being recognized as rental revenue in its consolidated statements of operations. The primary non-lease service included within rental revenue is CAM services provided as part of the Company s real estate leases. ASC 842 requires that the Company capitalize, as initial direct costs, only those costs that are incurred due to the execution of a lease. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred , and , respectively, of costs that were not incremental to the execution of leases, which are included in property operating expenses in its consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company manages the risk associated with the residual value of its leased properties by including contract clauses that make tenants responsible for surrendering the space in good condition upon lease termination, holding a diversified portfolio, and other activities . The Company does not have residual value guarantees on specific properties. 
 Sales-Type Leases. During the year ended December 31 2022, the Company had three transactions that qualified as sales-type leases. 
 In 2022, the Company had two tenants that exercised the purchase option within their lease for an aggregate purchase option price of . The purchase options were not reasonably certain to be exercised at the commencement date of each lease, resulting in modifications of the operating leases. As a result of these modifications to the leases, the Company re-evaluated the lease classifications and classified both leases as sales-type leases. The Company recognized an aggregate of in selling profit from sales-type leases in its consolidated statements of operations related to these transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had ground lease for a -acre industrial development land parcel located in the Phoenix, Arizona market that is classified as a sales-type lease. At the commencement date of the lease, the Company evaluated the lease classification and classified the lease as a sales-type lease. The lease contains a purchase option in the amount of per land square foot starting on the second anniversary date of the lease ending and ending on the third anniversary date. The Company determined that the purchase option is not reasonably certain of being exercised. The lease met the sales-type lease criteria because the present value of the lease payments was equal to substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset on the lease commencement date. The Company recorded in investment in a sales-type lease, net and derecognized from land held for development in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized in selling profit from sales-type leases and of direct costs to enter into the lease within transaction costs in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The interest income earned from sales-type leases is included in rental revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. The residual value of the land parcel at the end of the ground lease is estimated to equal it's fair value on the commencement date of the lease of because land values typically appreciate over time but the accounting guidance does not allow the residual value at the end of the lease to be in excess of the fair value at the commencement date of the lease. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

Sales-type lease income Variable (1)(2) 
 Total 
 (1) Primarily comprised of tenant reimbursements. 
 , , and for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Difference between undiscounted cash flow and present value Investment in a sales-type lease 
 The above minimum lease payments do not include reimbursements to be received from tenants for certain operating expenses and real estate taxes and do not include early termination payments provided for in certain leases, if not reasonably certain. 
 Certain leases allow for the tenant to terminate the lease if the property is deemed obsolete, as defined, and upon payment of a termination fee to the landlord, as stipulated in the lease. In addition, certain leases provide the tenant with the right to purchase the leased property at fair market value or a stipulated price. 
 Lessee 
 The Company, as lessee, has ground leases, corporate leases for office space, and office equipment leases. All leases were classified as operating leases as of December 31, 2022. The leases have remaining lease terms of up to years. Renewal periods are included in the lease term only when renewal is deemed to be reasonably certain. The lease term also includes periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the Company is reasonably certain not to exercise the termination option. The Company measures its lease payments by including fixed rental payments and variable rental payments that tie to an index or a rate, such as CPI. The Company recognizes lease expense for its operating leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease expense not included in the lease payment measurement as incurred. 
 The accounting guidance under ASC 842 requires the Company to make certain assumptions and judgments in applying the guidance, including determining whether an arrangement includes a lease, determining the term of a lease when the contract has renewal or termination provisions and determining the discount rate. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 The components of lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Income Statement Classification Fixed Variable Total 2022: Property operating General and administrative Total 2021: Property operating General and administrative Total 2020: Property operating General and administrative Total 
 The Company recognized sublease income of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

(9) 
 credit loss allowance resulting from an investment in a sales-type lease. There were allowances for credit losses in 2021 or 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the lessee in the sales-type lease remains current on their obligations to the Company and, therefore, the investment is not on non-accrual status. 
 
 ) 

(10) 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) 
 Interest rates, including imputed rates on mortgages and notes payable, ranged from to at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and all mortgages and notes payable mature between 2023 and 2031, as of December 31, 2022. The weighted-average interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately , respectively. 
 The Company has an unsecured credit agreement with KeyBank National Association, as agent. 
 Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 July 2026 SOFR + 0.85 Term Loan (2) 
 January 2025 Term SOFR + 1.00 
 (1) In July 2022, the Company amended its revolving credit facility and the 2025 term loan to provide for a new revolving credit facility and the continuation of the 2025 term loan (the "2022 Credit Agreement"). The 2022 Credit Agreement, among other things: (i) extended the maturity date of the revolving portion from February 2023 to July 2026, with extension options, subject to certain conditions, (ii) reduced the applicable margin for the revolving portion of the credit facility by basis points to a range from to , and allows for further reductions upon the achievement of to-be-determined sustainability metrics, (iii) amended the debt covenants by reducing the capitalization rate for determining asset value and (iv) transitioned the facility to SOFR. Simultaneously, the Company converted its interest rate swap agreements to Term SOFR, which resulted in a new fixed interest rate of on the Company's 2025 term loan. The Company recognized of debt 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 borrowings outstanding and availability of , subject to covenant compliance. 
 (2) The aggregate unamortized debt issuance costs for the term loan was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company was compliant with all applicable financial covenants contained in its corporate-level debt agreements at December 31, 2022. 
 Mortgages payable and secured loans are generally collateralized by real estate and the related leases. Certain mortgages payable have yield maintenance or defeasance requirements relating to any prepayments. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Unamortized debt issuance costs ) 
 
 Included in the consolidated statements of operations, the Company recognized debt satisfaction charges, net, of for the year ended 2021 due to the satisfaction of mortgages and notes payable other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements. In addition, the Company capitalized , and of interest expense for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(11) 
 October 2031 August 2020 September 2030 May 2014 June 2024 Unamortized debt discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) 
 Each series of the senior notes is unsecured and requires payment of interest semi-annually in arrears. The Company may redeem the notes at its option at any time prior to maturity in whole or in part by paying the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium. 
 In August 2021, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2031 ("2031 Senior Notes") at an issuance price of of the principal amount. The Company issued the 2031 Senior Notes at an initial discount of which is being recognized as additional interest expense over the term of the 2031 Senior Notes. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2031 Senior Notes to redeem the aggregate principal balance of its outstanding Senior Notes due 2023 ("2023 Senior Notes"). The consideration paid included a make-whole premium of and of accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recognized a debt satisfaction loss related to the aggregate redemptions. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2030 ("2030 Senior Notes") at an issuance price of of the principal amount. The Company issued the 2030 Senior Notes at an initial discount of which is being recognized as additional interest expense over the term of the 2030 Senior Notes. The Company used the proceeds from the offering of the 2030 Notes to repurchase and aggregate principal balance of its outstanding 2023 Senior Notes and Senior Notes 2024, respectively through a tender offer. The Company recognized a debt satisfaction loss related to the aggregate repurchases, which included a write-off of the proportionate amount of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs related to the 2023 and 2024 senior notes. 
 During 2007, the Company issued original principal amount of Trust Preferred Securities. The Trust Preferred Securities, which are classified as debt, are due in 2037, are open for redemption at the Company's option, bear interest at a variable rate of three month LIBOR plus basis points through maturity. The interest rate at December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was original principal amount of Trust Preferred Securities outstanding and and , respectively, of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Unamortized debt discounts ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) 

(12) 

86 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 interest rate swap agreements with its counterparties to a benchmark rate of Term SOFR. The swaps were designated as cash flow hedges of the risk in variability attributable to changes in the Term SOFR swap rates on its SOFR-indexed variable rate unsecured term loan. Accordingly, changes in fair value of the swaps are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings as interest becomes receivable or payable. The swaps expire coterminous with the maturity of the term loan in January 2025. During the next 12 months, the Company estimates that an additional will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense if the swaps remain outstanding. 

Other Liabilities ) 
 
 ) The Company's share of non-consolidated entity's interest rate cap ) Total ) 
 (1) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Total interest expense presented in the consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(13) 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 (14) 
 common shares previously sold on a forward basis in the first quarter of 2021 on the maturity date of the contracts and received of net proceeds. During 2021, the Company settled common shares previously sold on a forward basis on the maturity date of the contract and received of net proceeds. 
 
 During 2021, the Company sold common shares under the ATM program for net proceeds of . The Company did not sell common shares under the ATM program during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2021, the Company amended the terms of its ATM offering program, under which the Company may, from time to time, sell up to of common shares over the term of the program. As of December 31, 2022, common shares with an aggregate value of remain available for issuance under the ATM program. 
 
 Underwritten Equity Offerings. During 2021, the Company entered into forward sales contracts for the sale of common shares at a public offering price of per common share in an underwritten equity offering that have not yet settled. The forward sale contracts were settled in December 2022, and the Company received of net proceeds. 
 
 Stock Based Compensation. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company issued , and of its common shares, respectively, to certain employees and trustees. Typically, trustee share grants vest immediately. Employee share grants generally vest ratably, on anniversaries of the grant date, however, in certain situations vesting is cliff-based after a specific number of years and/or subject to meeting certain performance criteria. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program. In August 2022, the Company's Board of Trustees authorized the repurchase of up to an additional common shares under the Company's share repurchase program, which does not have an expiration date. During 2022, common shares were repurchased and retired for an average price of per share. During 2021, there were share repurchases. As of December 31, 2022, common shares remain available for repurchase under this authorization. The Company records a liability for repurchases that have not yet been settled as of the period end. There were no unsettled repurchases as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock. The Company had shares of Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Preferred outstanding at December 31, 2022. The shares have a dividend of per share per annum, have a liquidation preference of , and the Company, if certain common share prices are achieved, can force conversion into common shares of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, each share was convertible into common shares. This conversion ratio may increase over time if the Company's common share dividend exceeds certain quarterly thresholds. 
 
 If certain fundamental changes occur, holders may require the Company, in certain circumstances, to repurchase all or part of their shares of Series C Preferred. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes, the Company will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional common shares or, in lieu thereof, may in certain circumstances elect to adjust the conversion rate upon the shares of Series C Preferred becoming convertible into shares of the public acquiring or surviving company. 
 
 The Company may, at the Company's option, cause shares of Series C Preferred to be automatically converted into that number of common shares that are issuable at the then prevailing conversion rate. The Company may exercise its conversion right only if, at certain times, the closing price of the Company's common shares equals or exceeds of the then prevailing conversion price of the Series C Preferred. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense ) Balance at end of period ) 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests. In conjunction with several of the Company's acquisitions in prior years, sellers were issued limited partner interests in LCIF OP units OP units as a form of consideration. All OP units, other than OP units owned by the Company, are redeemable for common shares at certain times, at the option of the holders, and are generally not otherwise mandatorily redeemable by the Company. The OP units are classified as a component of permanent equity as the Company has determined that the OP units are not redeemable securities as defined by GAAP. Each OP unit is currently redeemable for approximately common shares, subject to future adjustments. 
 
 During 2021, LCIF redeemed and canceled OP units in connection with the disposition of the properties. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and common shares, respectively, were issued by the Company, in connection with OP unit redemptions, for an aggregate value of , and , respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately OP units outstanding other than OP units owned by the Company. All OP units receive distributions in accordance with the LCIF partnership agreement. To the extent that the Company's dividend per common share is less than the stated distribution per OP unit per the LCIF partnership agreement, the distributions per OP unit are reduced by the percentage reduction in the Company's dividend per common share. No OP units have a liquidation preference. 
 
 Transfers from noncontrolling interests: Increase in additional paid-in-capital for reallocation of noncontrolling interests Increase in additional paid-in-capital for redemption of noncontrolling OP units 
 Change from net income attributable to shareholders and transfers from noncontrolling interests 

89 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 (15) 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Peer 
 Grant date fair value per share: (2) 
 Index 
 Peer 
 Non-Vested Common Shares: (3) 
 Shares issued 
 Grant date fair value 
 
 (1) The shares vest based on the Company's total shareholder return growth after a measurement period relative to an index and a group of Company peers. Dividends will not be paid on these grants until earned. Once the performance criteria are met and the actual number of shares earned is determined, such shares vest immediately. During 2022, all of the performance shares issued in 2019 vested. During 2021, all of the performance shares issued in 2018 vested. 
 (2) The fair value of grants was determined at the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 service period . 
 
 In addition, during 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company issued , , and , respectively, of fully vested common shares to non-management members of the Company's Board of Trustees with a fair value of , , and , respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the remaining non-vested shares, are subject to time-based vesting and are subject to performance-based vesting. At December 31, 2022, there are awards available for grant. The Company has in unrecognized compensation costs relating to the non-vested shares that will be charged to compensation expense over an average of approximately years. 
 The Company has established a trust for a certain officer in which vested common shares granted for the benefit of the officers are deposited. The officer exerts no control over the common shares in the trust and the common shares are available to the general creditors of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were common shares in the trust. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 annual vesting starting with the first year of employment and vesting after of employment. Approximately , and of contributions are applicable to 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized , and , respectively, in expense relating to scheduled vesting of common share grants. 

(16) 

(17) 
 ) ) State and local ) ) ) Deferred federal (1) 
 Total ) ) ) 
 
 ) ) State and local taxes, net of federal benefit ) Other ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the other amount is comprised primarily of state franchise taxes of , and , respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had estimated net operating loss carry forward for income tax reporting purposes of . 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 Ordinary income Qualifying dividend Capital gain Return of capital 
 
 A summary of the average taxable nature of the Company's dividend on shares of its Series C Preferred for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, is as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Total dividends per share Ordinary income Qualifying dividend Capital gain Return of capital 

(18) 
 ongoing consolidated development projects and expects to incur approximately of costs in 2023, excluding noncontrolling interests' share, to substantially complete the construction of such projects. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interests in various industrial land parcels held for development. The Company is unable to estimate the timing of any required funding for the potential development projects on these parcels. 
 The Company and LCIF are parties to a funding agreement under which the Company may be required to fund distributions made on account of LCIF's OP units. Pursuant to the funding agreement, the parties agreed that, if LCIF does not have sufficient cash available to make a quarterly distribution to its limited partners in an amount in accordance with the partnership agreement, LXP Industrial Trust will fund the shortfall. Payments under the agreement will be made in the form of loans to LCIF and will bear interest at prevailing rates as determined by the Company in its discretion but, no less than the applicable federal rate. LCIF's right to receive these loans will expire if no OP units remain outstanding and all such loans are repaid. No amounts have been advanced under this agreement. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 000, except share/unit data) 

 (19) 
 Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 In addition to disclosures discussed elsewhere, during 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid , and , respectively, for interest and , and , respectively, for income taxes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company accrued additions for capital projects of , and , respectively. 
 In 2021, LCIF disposed of real estate assets. The consideration included the redemption of OP units valued at and the assumption of the aggregate related non-recourse mortgage debt of . 
 In 2021, as a result of the formation of the MFG Cold JV, the Company recognized a non-cash increase to investments in non-consolidated entities of for its interest in MFG Cold JV. Additionally, MFG Cold JV assumed a mortgage loan encumbering property resulting in a non-cash decrease of to mortgages and notes payable, net. 
 The acquisition of the RR Ocala 44, LLC joint venture in 2021 included a non-cash increase to investments in real estate under construction and the noncontrolling interest because a member of the joint venture made a non-cash contribution of the land in exchange for its ownership interest in the joint venture. 
 
 In 2021 and 2020, the Company entered into new leases and exercised extension options on leases resulting in an aggregate non-cash increase of and , respectively, to the related operating lease liabilities and right of use assets. 
 
 In 2020, the Company sold its interest in a property, which included the assumption by the buyer of the related non-recourse mortgage debt of . 
 As a result of the foreclosure of office properties located in South Carolina, Kansas and Florida, during 2020, there was an aggregate non-cash charge of and in mortgages and notes payable, net, and real estate, net, respectively. 
 
 (20) 
 , net, on its revolving credit facility. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 Schedule III 000) 

 Nov-20 Industrial Goodyear, AZ Nov-18 Industrial Goodyear, AZ Nov-19 Industrial Goodyear, AZ Jan-20 Industrial Goodyear, AZ Nov-21 2021 Industrial Phoenix, AZ Dec-21 Industrial Phoenix, AZ Apr-22 Industrial Tolleson, AZ Oct-19 Industrial Lakeland, FL Jan-21 Industrial Ocala, FL Jun-20 Industrial Orlando, FL Dec-06 Industrial Plant City, FL Dec-21 Industrial Tampa, FL Jul-88 Industrial Adairsville, GA Dec-21 Industrial Austell, GA Jun-19 Industrial Cartersville, GA Dec-21 Industrial Cartersville, GA Dec-21 Industrial Fairburn, GA Nov-21 2021 Industrial McDonough, GA Aug-17 Industrial McDonough, GA Feb-19 Industrial Pooler, GA Apr-20 Industrial Rincon, GA Sep-20 Industrial Savannah, GA Jun-20 Industrial Savannah, GA Jun-20 Industrial Union City, GA Jun-19 Industrial Edwardsville, IL Dec-16 Industrial Edwardsville, IL Jun-18 Industrial Minooka, IL Jan-20 Industrial Minooka, IL Dec-19 Industrial Minooka, IL Jan-20 Industrial Rantoul, IL Jan-14 2014 Industrial Rockford, IL Dec-06 Industrial Rockford, IL Dec-06 Industrial Lafayette, IN Oct-17 Industrial Lebanon, IN Feb-17 Industrial Whiteland, IN Oct-21 Industrial Whiteland, IN Oct-21 Industrial Whiteland, IN Oct-21 Industrial Whitestown, IN Jan-21 Industrial Whitestown, IN Jan-19 Industrial Whitestown, IN Jan-21 Industrial Whitestown, IN Dec-21 Industrial New Century, KS Feb-17 Industrial Walton, KY Feb-22 Industrial Walton, KY Feb-22 Industrial Minneapolis, MN Sep-12 Industrial Byhalia, MS May-11 2011 Industrial Byhalia, MS Sep-17 Industrial Canton, MS Mar-15 Industrial Olive Branch, MS Apr-18 Industrial Olive Branch, MS Apr-18 Industrial Olive Branch, MS May-19 Industrial Olive Branch, MS May-19 Industrial Shelby, NC Jun-11 2011 Industrial Statesville, NC Dec-06 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 Schedule III 000) - continued 

 Sep-12 Industrial Long Island City, NY Mar-13 2013 Industrial Chillicothe, OH Oct-11 Industrial Columbus, OH Aug-21 Industrial Glenwillow, OH Dec-06 Industrial Hebron, OH Dec-97 Industrial Hebron, OH Dec-01 Industrial Lockbourne, OH Mar-21 2021 Industrial Monroe, OH Dec-21 Industrial Monroe, OH Sep-19 Industrial Monroe, OH Sep-19 Industrial Monroe, OH Sep-19 Industrial Streetsboro, OH Jun-07 Industrial Bristol, PA Mar-98 Industrial Duncan, SC Jul-21 Industrial Duncan, SC Jul-21 Industrial Duncan, SC Jul-21 Industrial Duncan, SC Jul-21 Industrial Duncan, SC Oct-19 Industrial Duncan, SC Oct-19 Industrial Duncan, SC Apr-19 Industrial Greer, SC Jun-21 Industrial Greer, SC Dec-19 Industrial Greer, SC Jun-21 Industrial Greer, SC Jul-21 2022 Industrial Spartanburg, SC Aug-18 Industrial Spartanburg, SC Dec-20 Industrial Antioch, TN May-07 Industrial Cleveland, TN May-17 Industrial Jackson, TN Sep-17 Industrial Lewisburg, TN May-14 Industrial Millington, TN Apr-05 Industrial Smyrna, TN Sep-17 Industrial Carrollton, TX Sep-18 Industrial Dallas, TX Apr-19 Industrial Deer Park, TX May-21 Industrial Grand Prairie, TX Jun-17 Industrial Houston, TX Mar-13 Industrial Hutchins, TX May-20 Industrial Lancaster, TX Dec-20 Industrial Missouri City, TX Apr-12 Industrial Northlake, TX Feb-20 Industrial Northlake, TX Dec-20 Industrial Pasadena, TX May-21 Industrial Pasadena, TX Jun-20 Industrial Pasadena, TX May-21 Industrial Pasadena, TX Aug-18 Industrial San Antonio, TX Jun-17 Industrial Chester, VA Dec-18 Industrial Winchester, VA Dec-17 Industrial Winchester, VA Sep-20 Industrial Winchester, VA Jun-07 OTHER PROPERTIES Other Palo Alto, CA Dec-06 Other Owensboro, KY Dec-06 Other Baltimore, MD Dec-06 Other Fort Mill, SC Aug-04 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 Schedule III 000) - continued 

 Dec-02 Construction in progress Deferred loan costs, net ) 
 
 (1) Depreciation and amortization expense is calculated on a straight-line basis over the following lives: 
 Building and improvements Up to years 
 Land estates Up to years 
 Tenant improvements Shorter of useful life or term of related lease 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 LXP INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 Schedule III 000) - continued 

 billion. 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of real estate, at cost: Balance at the beginning of year Additions during year Properties sold and impaired during the year ) ) ) Other reclassifications ) ) Balance at end of year Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation and amortization: Balance at the beginning of year Depreciation and amortization expense Accumulated depreciation and amortization of properties sold and impaired during year 
 ) ) ) Other reclassifications ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer who are our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, respectively. Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our system of internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and the members of our Board of Trustees; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance that financial statements are fairly presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, management used as guidance the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon the assessment performed, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, which audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that contain the disclosure required by this Item, independently assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte Touche LLP has issued an unqualified report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting, which is included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information relating to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. The information relating to our trustees, including the audit committee of our Board of Trustees and our Audit Committee financial expert, and certain information relating to our executive officers, trustees and trustee independence will be in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we refer to as our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth under the appropriate captions in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth under the appropriate captions in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth under the appropriate captions in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, certain information regarding related party transactions is set forth in note 15 to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item will be set forth under the appropriate captions in the Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

PART IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page (a)(1) Financial Statements 57 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 94 
 (3) Exhibits 100 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Articles of Merger and Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company, dated December 31, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 8, 2007 )(1) 
 3.2 
 Articles Supplementary Relating to the Reclassification of 8.05 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 7.55 Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 21, 2013)(1) 
 3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated as of December 14, 2021 (filed as of Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021)(1) 
 3 .4 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of May 26, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 27, 2022 (the "05/27/22 8-K")(1) 
 3.5 
 Second Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on from 10-Q filed November 3, 2022)(1) 
 3 .6 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of LCIF, dated as of December 30, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.25 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed on February 26, 2014)(1) 
 4.1 
 Specimen of Common Shares Certificate of the Company (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2021)(1) 
 4.2 
 Form of 6.50 Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8A filed December 8, 2004)(1) 
 4.3 
 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated March 21, 2007, among the Company, The Bank of New York Trust Company, National Association BONY ), The Bank of New York (Delaware), the Administrative Trustees (as named therein) and the several holders of the Preferred Securities from time to time (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2007 (the 03/27/2007 8-K ))(1) 
 4.4 
 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 21, 2007, between the Company and BONY (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the 03/27/2007 8-K)(1) 
 4.5 
 Indenture, dated as of June 10, 2013, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company signatories thereto, and U.S. Bank, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2013)(1) 
 4.6 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2013, between the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2013)(1) 
 4.7 
 Indenture, dated as of May 9, 2014, among the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2014)(1) 
 4.8 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2014, among the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2014)(1) 
 4.9 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, filed as of August 28, 2020, between the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 28, 2020)(1) 
 4.10 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 30, 2021, among the Company and U.S. Bank, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2021)(1) 
 4.11 
 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (2) 
 10.1 
 1994 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on March 13, 2019)(1) 
 10.2 
 LXP Industrial Trust Amended 2022 Equity-Based Award Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to t he 05/27/2022 8-K )(1, 4) 
 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Rabbi Trust Agreement, originally dated January 26, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 2, 2009)(1, 4) 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

10.4 
 Form of Long-Term Retention Nonvested Share Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2013)(1, 4) 
 10.5 
 Form of Nonvested Share Agreement (Performance and Service) (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on March 1, 2017)(1, 4) 
 10.6 
 Form of LXP Industrial Trust Restricted Share Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2023 (the "01/17/23 8-K"))(1, 4)) 
 10.7 
 Form of LXP Industrial Trust Nonvested Share Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the 1/17/2023 8-K))(1, 4) 
 10.8 
 Executive Severance Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on January 19, 2018)(1, 4) 
 10.9 
 Form of Executive Severance Agreement under the Executive Severance Plan adopted January 18, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 24, 2022) (1, 2) 
 10.10 
 Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement between the Company and certain officers and trustees (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Quarterly Report Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008)(1) 
 10.11 
 Funding Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2006, by and between LCIF and the Company (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2006)(1) 
 10.12 
 Second A mended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2022 , among the Company, as borrower, each of the financial institutions initially signatory thereto together with their assignees pursuant to Section 12.5 therein and KeyBank, as agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 11 , 2022 )(1) 
 10.13 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2019, among the Company, as borrower, KeyBank, as agent, and each of the lenders signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019)(1) 
 10.14 
 Equity Sales Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2019, between the Company and Jefferies LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Regions Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Evercore Group L.L.C. (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2019)(1) 
 10.15 
 Amendment to Equity Sales Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2021, between the Company and the Sales Agents and Bank of America, N.A. and Mizuho Markets Americas LLC (filed as of Exhibit 1.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2021)(1) 
 10.16 
 Limited Partnership Agreement of NNN Office JV L.P., dated as of August 31, 2018, among LX JV Investor LLC, as a limited partner, NLSAF LP1 LLC, UHA LP2 LLC, and LXPDK GP LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2018)(1) 
 10.17 
 Limited Partnership Agreement of NNN MFG Cold JV L.P., dated as of December 29, 2021, among LX JV Investor II LLC, as a limited partner, LXP MFG C L.P., as a limited partner, and LXPDK II GP LLC, as a general partner (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022)(1) 
 10.18 
 Amendment to Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation of Registered Forward Transaction, dated as of May 6, 2022, between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2022)(1) 
 10.19 
 Amendment to Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation of Registered Forward Transaction, dated as of May 6, 2022, between the Trust and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2022)(1) 
 10.20 
 Amendment to Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation of Registered Forward Transaction, dated as of June 14, 2022, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022)(1) 
 10.21 
 Amendment to Master Confirmation and Supplemental Confirmation of Registered Forward Transaction, dated as of June 16, 2022, between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022)(1) 
 21 
 List of subsidiaries (2) 
 23 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP (2) 
 24 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (2) 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (2) 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3) 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (3) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (2, 5) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (2, 5) 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (2, 5) 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (2, 5) 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (2, 5) 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (2, 5) 
 (1) Incorporated by reference. 
 (2) Filed herewith. 
 (3) This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or Section 18 of the Securities Exchanges Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of those sections, and shall not be part of any registration statement to which it may relate, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 
 (4) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (5) Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the following materials, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, detailed tagged. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 LXP Industrial Trust Dated: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ T. Wilson Eglin T. Wilson Eglin Chief Executive Officer 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints T. Wilson Eglin, Beth Boulerice and Mark Cherone, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature Title /s/ T. Wilson Eglin 
 T. Wilson Eglin 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Trust 
 principal executive officer 
 /s/ Beth Boulerice Beth Boulerice 
 Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer of the Trust 
 (principal financial officer) 
 /s/ Mark Cherone 
 Mark Cherone 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Trust 
 (principal accounting officer) 
 /s/ Richard S. Frary 
 Richard S. Frary 
 Trustee of the Trust /s/ Lawrence L. Gray 
 Lawrence L. Gray 
 Trustee of the Trust /s/ Arun Gupta 
 Arun Gupta 
 Trustee of the Trust /s/ Jamie Handwerker 
 Jamie Handwerker 
 Trustee of the Trust /s/ Derrick L. Johnson 
 Derrick L. Johnson 
 Trustee of the Trust /s/ Claire A. Koeneman 
 Claire A. Koeneman 
 Trustee of the Trust /s/ Nancy Elizabeth Noe 
 Nancy Elizabeth Noe 
 Trustee of the Trust /s/ Howard Roth 
 Howard Roth 
 Trustee of the Trust 
 Each dated: February 16, 2023 
 104 

<EX-4.11>
 2
 ex411descriptionofsecuriti.htm
 EX-4.11

Document 

Exhibit 4.11 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 DESCRIPTION OF OUR COMMON SHARES 
 The following summary of the material terms and provisions of our common shares does not purport to be complete and is subject to the detailed provisions of our Declaration of Trust and our By-Laws, each as supplemented, amended or restated, and each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.11 is a part. You should carefully read each of these documents in order to fully understand the terms and provisions of our common shares. 
 
 General 
 
 Under our Declaration of Trust, we have the authority to issue up to 1,400,000,000 shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 600,000,000 shares are classified as common stock, or common shares, 700,000,000 are classified as excess stock, or excess shares, and 100,000,000 shares are classified as preferred stock, or preferred shares. 
 
 Terms 
 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any other shares or class or series of our equity securities and to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding excess shares, holders of common shares are entitled to receive dividends on such common shares if, as and when authorized by our board of trustees and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor and to share ratably in those of our assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders in the event that we liquidate, dissolve or wind up, after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities and the amount to which holders of any class of shares having a preference on distributions in liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us will be entitled. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding excess shares, each outstanding common share entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of trustees and, except as otherwise required by law or except as otherwise provided in our Declaration of Trust with respect to any other class or series of shares, the holders of common shares will possess exclusive voting power. In uncontested elections of trustees at a meeting duly called at which a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast by shareholders entitled to vote is sufficient to elect a trustee nominee. In contested elections at a meeting duly called at which a quorum is present, a plurality of votes cast by shareholders entitled to vote is required for the election of a trustee. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a trustee nominee must exceed the number of votes cast against or withheld with respect to such trustee nominee. Votes against or withheld with respect to a nominee will count as votes cast with respect to that nominee, but abstentions and broker non-votes with respect to that nominee will not count as votes cast with respect to that nominee. There is no cumulative voting in the election of trustees, which means that the holders of a majority of our outstanding common shares can elect all of the 
 1 

trustees then standing for election, and the holders of the remaining common shares will not be able to elect any trustees. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding excess shares, holders of common shares have no conversion, sinking fund or redemption rights or preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. 
 
 We furnish our shareholders with annual reports containing audited consolidated financial statements and an opinion thereon expressed by an independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding excess shares, all of the common shares have equal dividend, distribution, liquidation and other rights and generally have no preference, appraisal or exchange rights. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership 
 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the Code, among other things, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. To assist us in meeting this requirement, among other purposes, our Declaration of Trust contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our shares. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the common shares is Computershare Shareowner Services Computershare ). 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF OUR PREFERRED SHARES 
 
 The following summary of the material terms and provisions of our preferred shares does not purport to be complete and is subject to the detailed provisions of our Declaration of Trust (including any applicable articles supplementary, amendment or annex to our Declaration of Trust designating the terms of a series of preferred shares) and our By-Laws, each as supplemented, amended or restated, and each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.11 is a part. You should carefully read each of these documents in order to fully understand the terms and provisions of our preferred shares. 

2 

General 
 
 Under our Declaration of Trust, we have the authority to issue up to 100,000,000 preferred shares, of which 3,100,000 shares are classified as 6.50 Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Shares ). 
 
 Subject to limitations prescribed by Maryland law and our Declaration of Trust, our board of trustees is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares and to set the number of shares constituting each class or series of preferred shares and the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption. The preferred shares will, when issued against payment therefor, be fully paid and nonassessable and will not be subject to preemptive rights, unless determined by our board of trustees. Our board of trustees could authorize the issuance of preferred shares with terms and conditions that could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction that holders of common shares might believe to be in their best interests or in which holders of common shares might receive a premium for their common shares over the then-current market price of their shares. 
 
 Terms of Our 6.50 Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 General. In December 2004 and January 2005, we sold an aggregate 3,100,000 Series C Preferred Shares. The Series C Preferred Shares are convertible into common shares and are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol LXPPRC. 
 
 Dividends. Subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of shares ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Shares as to dividends, the holders of the Series C Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by the board of trustees and declared by us, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at a rate of 6.50 per annum of the 50.00 liquidation preference per share (equivalent to 3.25 per year per share). 
 
 Liquidation Preference. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of us, holders of the Series C Preferred Shares (and of the excess shares converted from Series C Preferred Shares, if any) will have the right to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders 50.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) to and including the date of payment, before any payments are made to the holders of common shares and any other shares ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Shares as to liquidation rights. The rights of the holders of the Series C Preferred Shares to receive their liquidation preference will be subject to the proportionate rights of each other series or class of our capital shares ranking, as to liquidation rights, on a parity with the Series C Preferred Shares. The consolidation or merger of LXP with or into any other trust, corporation or entity, or the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business, will not be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of us. 
 
 Redemption. We may not redeem the Series C Preferred Shares unless necessary to preserve our status as a REIT. 
 
 3 

Conversion Rights. The Series C Preferred Shares may be converted by the holder, at its option (the Optional Conversion ), into common shares, at a conversion rate of 2.4339 common shares per 50.00 liquidation preference, as of December 31, 2020, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately 20.54 per common share (subject to adjustment in certain events). 
 
 Company Conversion Option. We may, at our option, cause the Series C Preferred Shares to be automatically converted into that number of common shares that are issuable at the then prevailing conversion rate (the Company Conversion Option in the following circumstances. We may exercise our conversion right only if, for at least twenty (20) trading days within any period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days (including the last trading day of such period), the closing price of the common shares equals or exceeds 125 of the then prevailing conversion price of the Series C Preferred Shares. In addition, if there are fewer than 25,000 Series C Preferred Shares outstanding, we may, at our option, cause all of the outstanding Series C Preferred Shares to be automatically converted into that number of common shares equal to 50.00 divided by the lesser of the then prevailing conversion price and the current market price for the five trading day period ending on the second trading day immediately prior to the trust s conversion option date. 
 
 Settlement. Upon conversion (whether pursuant to an Optional Conversion or the Company Conversion Option), we may choose to deliver the conversion value to investors in cash, common shares or a combination of cash and common shares. 
 
 We can elect at any time to obligate ourselves to satisfy solely in cash, the portion of the conversion value that is equal to 100 of the liquidation preference amount of the Series C Preferred Shares, with any remaining amount of the conversion value to be satisfied in cash, common shares or a combination of cash and common shares. If we elect to do so, we will notify holders at any time that we intend to settle in cash the portion of the conversion value that is equal to the liquidation preference amount of the Series C Preferred Shares. This notification, once provided to holders, will be irrevocable and will apply to future conversions of the Series C Preferred Shares even if the shares cease to be convertible but subsequently become convertible again. 
 
 Payment of Dividends Upon Conversion. With respect to an Optional Conversion, upon delivery of the Series C Preferred Shares for conversion, those Series C Preferred Shares will cease to accumulate dividends as of the end of the day immediately preceding the conversion date and a holder of such converted Series C Preferred Shares will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series C Preferred Shares, whether or not in arrears, except in certain limited circumstances. With respect to the Company Conversion Option, a holder of such converted Series C Preferred Shares will receive a cash payment for all unpaid dividends in arrears. If we exercise the Company Conversion Option and the conversion date is on or after the record date for payment of dividends and before the corresponding dividend payment date, such holder will also receive a cash payment for the dividend payable for such period. If we exercise the Company Conversion Option and the conversion date is prior to the record date for payment of dividends, such holder will not receive payment for any portion of the dividend payable for such period. 
 
 4 

Conversion Rate Adjustments. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including if we distribute in any quarter to all or substantially all holders of common shares, any cash, including quarterly cash dividends, in excess of an amount per common share (subject to adjustment), which is currently approximately 0.38. 
 
 Fundamental Change. Upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes in LXP, a holder may require us to purchase for cash all or part of its Series C Preferred Shares at a price equal to 100 of their liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends (including additional dividends, if any), up to, but not including, the fundamental change purchase date. 
 
 Rank. With respect to the payment of dividends and amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the Series C Preferred Shares rank (i) senior to all classes or series of common shares and to all equity securities ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Shares, (ii) on a parity with all equity securities the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank on a parity with the Series C Preferred Shares, and (iii) junior to all equity securities the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank senior to the Series C Preferred Shares. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of the Series C Preferred Shares generally have no voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series C Preferred Shares for six or more quarterly periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series C Preferred Shares voting together as a class with all other classes or series of our equity securities ranking on parity with the Series C Preferred Shares which are entitled to similar voting rights, will be entitled to vote at the next annual meeting of our shareholders and at each subsequent annual meeting for the election of two additional trustees to serve on our board of trustees until all unpaid cumulative dividends have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. The holders of Series C Preferred Shares and all other classes or series of our equity securities ranking on parity with the Series C Preferred Shares which are entitled to similar voting rights will be entitled to one vote per 25.00 of liquidation preference (i.e., two votes for each Series C Preferred Share). In addition, the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the Series C Preferred Shares, and all other classes or series of our equity securities ranking on parity with the Series C Preferred Shares which are entitled to similar voting rights, voting together as a class, is required for us (i) to authorize, create or increase the authorized or issued amount of any class or series of shares ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Shares with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolutions or winding up of our affairs or (ii) to amend, alter or repeal our Declaration of Trust (whether by merger, consolidation, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of its assets or otherwise) in a manner that materially and adversely affects the rights of the Series C Preferred Shares provided, however, with respect to the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii) above, so long as the Series C Preferred Shares remain outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged (taking into account that, upon the occurrence of such an event, we may not be the surviving entity), the occurrence of such an event will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting power of holders of Series C Preferred Shares and such holders will not have any voting rights with respect to the occurrence of the event or the holders thereof. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership 
 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Code, among other things, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or 
 5 

fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. To assist us in meeting this requirement, among other purposes, our Declaration of Trust contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our shares, including our preferred shares. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Series C Preferred Shares is Computershare. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF OUR DEBT SECURITIES AND RELATED GUARANTEES 
 
 The following description contains general terms and provisions of the debt securities and, as applicable, related guarantees. For more information, please refer to the senior indentures we have entered into with U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the issuance of the senior notes. Forms of these documents are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.11 is a part. Any such notes may or may not be guaranteed by one or more of our Subsidiaries. 
 
 As used in this Exhibit 4.11, the term indentures refers to the senior indentures. The senior indenture is governed by the Trust Indenture Act. As used in this Exhibit 4.11, the term trustee refers to the senior trustee. 
 
 The following are summaries of material provisions of the senior indentures. As summaries, they do not purport to be complete or restate the indentures in their entirety and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all provisions of the indentures and the debt securities and related guarantees. We urge you to read the indentures applicable to a particular series of debt securities because they, and not this description, define the rights of the holders of the debt securities and related guarantees. 
 
 General 
 
 The debt securities may consist of debentures, notes, bonds or other types of indebtedness. One or more series of debt securities may be sold at a substantial discount below its stated principal amount, bearing no interest or interest at a rate which at the time of issuance is below market rates. One or more series of debt securities may be variable rate debt securities that may be exchanged for fixed rate debt securities. 
 
 Debt securities may be issued where the amount of principal and or interest payable is determined by reference to one or more currency or other indices or other formulas. Holders of such securities may receive a principal amount or a payment of interest that is greater than or less than the amount of principal or interest otherwise payable on such dates, depending upon the value of the applicable currency or other reference factor. 
 
 The term debt securities includes debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars or, if specified in the indenture, in any other freely transferable currency or currency unit. 
 
 6 

We expect most debt securities to be issued in fully registered form without coupons and in denominations of 1,000 and any integral multiples thereof. Subject to the limitations provided in the indenture, debt securities that are issued in registered form may be transferred or exchanged at the corporate office of the trustee or the principal corporate trust office of the trustee, without the payment of any service charge, other than any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 
 
 Global Securities 
 
 The debt securities of a series may be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more global securities that will be deposited with, or on behalf of, a depositary. Global securities will be issued in registered form and in either temporary or definitive form. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole or in part for the individual debt securities, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by the depositary for such global security to a nominee of such depositary or by a nominee of such depositary to such depositary or another nominee of such depositary or by such depositary or any such nominee to a successor of such depositary or a nominee of such successor. 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 The indentures and the debt securities are construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 4.40 Senior Notes due 2024 
 
 The terms of the 2024 Notes are governed by an indenture, dated as of May 9, 2014, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated May 20, 2014, which we collectively refer to as the 2024 Indenture, by and among us, as issuer, LCIF (formerly a guarantor), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The 2024 Notes mature on June 15, 2024, and accrue interest at a rate of 4.40 per annum, payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 of each year. Interest payments commenced on December 15, 2014. 
 
 Prior to March 15, 2024, we may redeem the 2024 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes being redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to its present value, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at an adjusted treasury rate plus 35 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the date of redemption. At any time on or after March 15, 2024, the 2024 Notes will be redeemable, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the amount being redeemed to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 
 The 2024 Indenture contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, and incur secured and unsecured indebtedness. 
 
 7 

Subject to the terms of the 2024 Indenture and the 2024 Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to comply with any of our other agreements in the 2024 Notes or the 2024 Indenture, upon receipt by us of notice of such default from the trustee or from holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes then outstanding and our failure to cure (or obtain a waiver of) such default within 60 days after we receive such notice, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the outstanding 2024 Notes may declare the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the 2024 Notes to be due and payable immediately by written notice to us (and to the trustee if given by the holders). Upon certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, or court appointment of a receiver, liquidator or trustee of us, our operating partnership, or any other significant subsidiary, the principal (or such portion thereof) of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the 2024 Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holders. 
 
 Certain of our payment obligations with respect to the 2024 Notes were required to be guaranteed by LCIF upon issuance. LCIF was released from its guarantee effective December 21, 2018. 
 In addition, the 2024 Notes are cross-defaulted with certain of our indebtedness. 
 2.700 Senior Notes due 2030 
 
 The terms of the 2030 Notes are governed by the 2024 Indenture as supplemented by the second supplemental indenture dated August 28, 2020, which as supplemented we collectively refer to as the 2030 Indenture. The 2030 Notes mature on September 15, 2030, and accrue interest at a rate of 2.700 per annum, payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year. Interest payments will commence on March 15, 2021. 
 
 Prior to June 15, 2030, we may redeem the 2030 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes being redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) that would be due if such notes matured 90 days prior to their maturity date but for the redemption thereof, discounted to the redemption date, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at an adjusted treasury rate plus 35 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the date of redemption. At any time on or after June 15, 2030, the 2030 Notes will be redeemable, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the amount being redeemed to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 
 The 2030 Indenture contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, and incur secured and unsecured indebtedness. 
 
 Subject to the terms of the 2030 Indenture and the 2030 Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to comply with any of our other agreements in the 2030 Notes or the 2030 Indenture, upon receipt by us of notice of such default from the trustee or from holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Notes then outstanding and our failure to cure (or obtain a waiver of) such default within 60 days after we receive such notice, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the outstanding 2030 Notes may declare the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the 
 8 

2030 Notes to be due and payable immediately by written notice to us (and to the trustee if given by the holders). Upon certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, or court appointment of a receiver, liquidator or trustee of us, our operating partnership, or any other significant subsidiary, the principal (or such portion thereof) of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the 2030 Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holders. 
 The 2030 Notes are cross-defaulted with certain of our indebtedness. 
 2.375 Senior Notes due 2031 
 
 The terms of the 2031 Notes are governed by the 2024 Indenture as supplemented by the third supplemental indenture dated August 30, 2021, which as supplemented we collectively refer to as the 2031 Indenture. The 2031 Notes mature on October 1, 2031, and accrue interest at a rate of 2.375 per annum, payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year. Interest payments will commence on April 1, 2022. 
 
 Prior to July 1, 2031, we may redeem the 2031 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes being redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) that would be due if such notes matured 90 days prior to their maturity date but for the redemption thereof, discounted to the redemption date, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at an adjusted treasury rate plus 20 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the date of redemption. At any time on or after July 1, 2031, the 2031 Notes will be redeemable, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the amount being redeemed to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 
 The 2031 Indenture contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, and incur secured and unsecured indebtedness. 
 
 Subject to the terms of the 2031 Indenture and the 2031 Notes, upon certain events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to comply with any of our other agreements in the 2031 Notes or the 2031 Indenture, upon receipt by us of notice of such default from the trustee or from holders of not less than 25 in aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes then outstanding and our failure to cure (or obtain a waiver of) such default within 60 days after we receive such notice, the trustee or the holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of the outstanding 2031 Notes may declare the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the 2031 Notes to be due and payable immediately by written notice to us (and to the trustee if given by the holders). Upon certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, or court appointment of a receiver, liquidator or trustee of us, our operating partnership, or any other significant subsidiary, the principal (or such portion thereof) of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the 2031 Notes will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holders. 
 
 The 2031 Notes are cross-defaulted with certain of our indebtedness. 
 
 9 

RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERS OF CAPITAL STOCK AND ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS 
 Restrictions Relating to REIT Status 
 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Code, among other things, not more than 50 in value of the outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year, and such shares of our capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year (in each case, other than the first such year). To assist us in continuing to remain a qualified REIT, among other purposes, our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, provides that no holder may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.8 in value of our equity shares, defined as common shares or preferred shares. We refer to this restriction as the Ownership Limit. Our board of trustees may exempt a person from the Ownership Limit if upon receipt of a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or an opinion of counsel or other evidence satisfactory to our board of trustees is presented that the exemption will not result in us having fewer than 100 beneficial owners or in us being closely held. Any transfer of equity shares or any security convertible into equity shares that would create a direct or indirect ownership of equity shares in excess of the Ownership Limit or that would result in the equity shares being owned by fewer than 100 persons or result in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code, will be null and void, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights to such equity shares. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of trustees determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. 
 In addition, equity shares owned, or deemed to be owned, or transferred to a shareholder in excess of the Ownership Limit or that would cause us to become closely held within the meaning of the Code, will automatically be converted into an equal number of excess shares that will be t ransferred, to us as trustee of a trust for the exclusive benefit of the transferees to whom such shares of beneficial interest in us may be ultimately transferred without violating the Ownership Limit. While the excess shares are held in trust, they will not be entitled to vote (except as required by Maryland law), they will not be considered for purposes of any shareholder vote or the determination of a quorum for such vote and, except upon liquidation, they will not be entitled to participate in dividends or other distributions. Any dividend or distribution paid on excess shares prior to our discovery that equity shares have converted for excess shares will be repaid to us upon demand. The excess shares are not treasury shares, but rather constitute a separate class of our issued and outstanding shares. The original transferee- shareholder may, at any time the excess shares are held by us in trust, designate a beneficiary of its interest in the trust (representing the excess shares held by the charitable trust attributable to a purported transfer that resulted in the excess shares) if the excess shares would not be excess shares in the hands of the beneficiary and, such transferee-shareholder does not receive a price for such designation that exceeds the price paid by the original transferee-shareholder for the equity shares that were exchanged into excess shares, or, if the transferee-shareholder did not give value for such shares, a price not in excess of the market price (as determined in the manner set forth in our Declaration of Trust) on the date of the purported transfer. Immediately upon the transfer to the permitted transferee, the excess shares will automatically be converted into equity shares of the 
 10 

class from which they were converted. If the foregoing transfer restrictions are determined to be void or invalid by virtue of any legal decision, statute, rule or regulation, then the intended transferee of any excess shares may be deemed, at our option, to have acted as an agent on our behalf in acquiring the excess shares and to hold the excess shares on our behalf. 
 In addition to the foregoing transfer restrictions, we will have the right, for a period of 90 days during the time any excess shares are held by us in trust, to purchase all or any portion of the excess shares from the original transferee-shareholder for the lesser of the price paid for the equity shares by the original transferee-shareholder or the market price (as determined in the manner set forth in our Declaration of Trust) on the date we exercise our option to purchase. The 90-day period begins on the later of the date of the transfer that resulted in excess stock or the date on which our board of trustees determines in good faith that a transfer resulting in excess shares has occurred, if we do not receive written notice of the transfer or other event resulting in the exchange of equity shares for excess shares. 
 Any person who acquires or attempts to acquire equity shares in violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any person who is a transferee such that excess shares resulted from such transfer, will be required to give written notice immediately to us of such event and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such transfer, or attempted transfer, on our status as a REIT. 
 
 All persons who own, directly or indirectly, (i) more than 5 of the outstanding equity shares during any periods in which the number of such beneficial or constructive owners exceeds 1,999, (ii) more than 1 of the outstanding equity shares during any period in which the number of beneficial or constructive owners is fewer than 2,000 or (iii) such lower percentages as required pursuant to regulations under the Code must, within 30 days after January 1 of each year, provide to us a written statement or affidavit stating the name and address of such direct or indirect owner, the number of equity shares owned directly or indirectly, and a description of how such shares are held. In addition, each direct or indirect shareholder shall provide to us such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limitation. 
 
 This Ownership Limit may have the effect of precluding an acquisition of control unless our board of trustees determines that maintenance of REIT status is no longer in our best interests. 
 
 Authorized Capital 
 
 Under our Declaration of Trust, we have authority to issue up to 1,400,000,000 shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 600,000,000 shares are classified as common shares, 700,000,000 shares are classified as excess stock and 100,000,000 shares are classified as preferred shares. We may issue such shares from time to time in the discretion of our board of trustees to raise additional capital, acquire assets, including additional real properties, redeem or retire debt or for any other business purpose. In addition, the undesignated preferred shares may be issued in one or more additional classes or series with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights including, without limitation, preferential dividend or voting rights, and rights upon liquidation, as will be fixed by our board of trustees. Our board of trustees is authorized to classify and reclassify any of our 
 11 

unissued shares of beneficial interest by setting or changing, in any one or more respects, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of such shares. This authority includes, without limitation, subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust, authority to classify or reclassify any unissued shares into a class or classes of preferred shares, preference shares, special shares or other shares, and to divide and reclassify shares of any class into one or more series of that class. 
 
 In some circumstances, the issuance of preferred shares, or the exercise by our board of trustees of its right to classify or reclassify shares, could have the effect of deterring individuals or entities from making tender offers for our common shares or seeking to change incumbent management. 
 
 Maryland Law 
 
 Our Board of Trustees. Our Declaration of Trust and By-laws provide that the number of our trustees may be established, increased or decreased only by a majority of the entire board of trustees. 
 
 Removal of Trustees. Our Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to the rights of the holders of any class separately entitled to elect one or more trustees, a trustee may be removed, but only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of trustees. 
 
 Extraordinary Actions, Amendment of Declaration of Trust. Under the Maryland REIT Law, a Maryland real estate investment trust generally cannot amend its declaration of trust or merge with, or convert into, another entity unless advised by its board of trustees and approved by the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a different percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in its declaration of trust. Our Declaration of Trust provides that those actions, with the exception of certain amendments to our Declaration of Trust for which a higher vote requirement has been set, will be valid and effective if authorized by holders of a majority of the total number of shares of all classes outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. Under our Declaration of Trust, our dissolution and termination requires the affirmation of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Amendment to Our By-laws. Our By-laws may be repealed, altered, amended or rescinded (a) by our shareholders only by the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of trustees or (b) by vote of two-thirds of our board of trustees. 
 
 Meetings of Shareholders. Under our By-laws, annual meetings of shareholders are held on a date and at a time and place, or by means of remote communication, set by our board of trustees. Special meetings of shareholders may be called only by the chairman of our board of trustees, our president or a majority of our board of trustees. Subject to the provisions of our By-laws, a special meeting of our shareholders to act on any matter that may properly be considered by our shareholders will also be called by our secretary upon the written request of the shareholders entitled to cast not less than 25 of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 12 

Only matters set forth in the notice of the special meeting may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice of Trustee Nominations and New Business. Our By-laws provide that in order to make nominations of individuals for election as trustees or proposals of business to be considered by shareholders at any annual meeting, shareholders generally must provide notice to our secretary not earlier than the 150th day not later than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the release date of our proxy statement to shareholders in connection with the preceding year s annual meeting. A shareholder s notice must contain certain information specified by our By-laws about the shareholder and any proposed business or nominee for election as a trustee, including information about the economic interest of the shareholder and any proposed nominee, and otherwise comply with the terms of the By-laws. 
 
 Proxy Access Procedures for Qualifying Shareholders. Our By-laws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, that owns 3 or more of the our common shares continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials candidates for election as trustees, subject to certain terms and conditions. Such shareholder(s) or group(s) of shareholders may nominate trustee candidates constituting up to the greater of two persons or 20 of our board of trustees up for election, provided that the shareholder(s) and the trustee nominee(s) satisfy the eligibility, notice and other requirements specified in the By-laws. 
 
 Business Combinations. Under Maryland law, certain business combinations between a Maryland real estate investment trust and an interested shareholder or an affiliate of an interested shareholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested shareholder is defined as 
 
 any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of the trust s outstanding voting shares or 
 
 an affiliate or associate of the trust who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the trust. 
 
 A person is not an interested shareholder under the statute if the board of trustees approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested shareholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of trustees may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms or conditions determined by the board of trustees. 
 
 13 

After the five-year prohibition, any such business combination between the Maryland real estate investment trust and an interested shareholder generally must be recommended by the board of trustees of the trust and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 
 eighty percent of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting shares of the trust and 
 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares of the trust other than shares held by the interested shareholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested shareholder. 
 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the trust s common shareholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested shareholder for its shares. 
 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of trustees prior to the time that the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. 
 
 Our board of trustees, by resolution, has exempted Vornado Realty Trust and its affiliates, to a limited extent, from these restrictions. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time. 
 
 The business combination statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions. Maryland law provides that holders of control shares of a Maryland real estate investment trust acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect to the control shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by employees who are trustees of the trust are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other shares owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing trustees within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained shareholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 14 

A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of trustees of the trust to call a special meeting of shareholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the trust may itself present the question at any shareholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the trust may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the trust to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or if any meeting of shareholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved, the date of such meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a shareholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other shareholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the trust is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the declaration of trust or bylaws of the trust. 
 
 Our By-Laws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Certain Elective Provisions of Maryland Law. Maryland law provides that a Maryland real estate investment trust with a class of equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that has at least three independent trustees, may elect by provision of its declaration of trust or bylaws or by resolution adopted by its board of trustees to be subject to all or any of the following provisions, notwithstanding any contrary provisions contained in its existing declaration of trust or bylaws and without shareholder approval 
 
 a classified board 
 a two-thirds vote of outstanding shares to remove a trustee 
 a requirement that the number of trustees be fixed only by vote of the board of trustees 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board of trustees be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining trustees and that such trustee filling the vacancy serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of trustees in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of shareholder-requested special meetings of sharheolders. 
 15 

We have not elected to be governed by any of these specific provisions. However, our Declaration of Trust and or By-Laws, as applicable, already provide for an 80 shareholder vote to remove trustees and then only for cause, and that the number of trustees may be determined by a majority of our board of trustees, subject to a minimum number. In addition, we can elect to be governed by any or all of the foregoing provisions of Maryland law at any time in the future. 
 16 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21listofsubsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21 

 Subsidiaries 
 
 Name 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 Nature of Equity Interests 
 ACQUIPORT WINCHESTER LLC DE Limited Liability Company ATL FAIRBURN JV, LLC DE Limited Liability Company BSH LESSEE GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company CHADAN MANAGER LLC NY Limited Liability Company CTO ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP MD Limited Partnership ETNA PARK 70 EAST, LLC DE Limited Liability Company GENERAL CLARK STREET ASSOCIATES III, LLC DE Limited Liability Company HANCOCK 13 RRL, LLC DE Limited Liability Company HANCOCK 14 RRL, LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEGACYPARK DISTRIBUTION NO. 2, LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEGACYPARK DISTRIBUTION NO. 3, LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX 41 BARTOW LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 51 BARTOW LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 95 BARTOW LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 200 WALTON LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 200 WALTON 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 300 WALTON LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 300 WALTON 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 1860 WALCUTT LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX ATLANTA AP GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX ATLANTA AP L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX ATLANTA UCP GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX ATLANTA UCP L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX AV DUNCAN 1 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX AV DUNCAN II LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX AV DUNCAN III LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX AV DUNCAN IV LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX BM GOODYEAR GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX BM GOODYEAR L.P. DE Limited Liability Company LEX BYHALIA MC GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX BYHALIA MC L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX CANTON MS GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX CANTON MS L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX CARROLLTON GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX CARROLLTON L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX CHANDLER (3405 SMR) LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX CHANDLER (3405 SMR) 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX CHESTER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX CHILLICOTHE GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX CHILLICOTHE L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX CHILLICOTHE II GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX CHILLICOTHE II L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX CLEVELAND TN LLC DE Limited Liability Company 
 1 

LEX COTTON 303, LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX COTTON 303 I LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX COTTON 303 I MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX COTTON 303 ACQUISTIONS LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX 3751 CROSSROADS LC LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX DALLAS GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX DALLAS L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX EDWARDSVILLE GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX EDWARDSVILLE L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX EDWARDSVILLE GP II LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX EDWARDSVILLE II L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX FAIRBURN, LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX FAIRBURN MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GOODYEAR GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GOODYEAR L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX GOODYEAR II GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GOODYEAR II L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX GOODYEAR (17510 WTR) LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GP HOLDING LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GP-1 TRUST DE Statutory Trust LEX GRAND PRAIRIE GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GRAND PRAIRIE L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX GREER GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GREER L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX GREER 7820 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX GREER 7870 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HANCOCK 13 MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HANCOCK 13 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HANCOCK 14 MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HANCOCK 14 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HOUSTON GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HOUSTON L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX HOUSTON 4100 GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HOUSTON 4100 L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX HOUSTON 4600 GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HOUSTON 4600 L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX HOUSTON 9701 GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HOUSTON 9701 L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX HUTCHINS GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX HUTCHINS L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX JACKSON GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX KANSAS CITY GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX KANSAS CITY L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX LAFAYETTE GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX LAFAYETTE L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX LAKELAND LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX LAKELAND 2451 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX LANCASTER L.P DE Limited Partnership 
 2 

LEX LANCASTER GP LLC DE LEX LANCASTER PARK 20 L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX LANCASTER PARK 20 GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX LANCASTER PARK 20 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX LEBANON L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX LEBANON GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX LP-1 TRUST DE Statutory Trust LEX LEWISBURG LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MFG SPRINGING MEMBER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MIAMI LAKES GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MIAMI LAKES L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX MINOOKA I LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MINOOKA I 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MINOOKA II LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MINOOKA III LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MISSOURI CITY GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX MISSOURI CITY L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX MORGAN LAKES LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX NORTHLAKE L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX NORTHLAKE GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX NORTHLAKE 17505 L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX NORTHLAKE 17505 GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX OB HB GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX OB HB L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX OB SEP GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX OB SEP L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX OCALA LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX OCALA 44 MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX OCALA 44 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX OCDES IV LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PASADENA GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PASADENA L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX PASADENA II GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PASADENA II L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX PHOENIX ASSOC LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PLC 1 PHOENIX LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PLC 1 PHOENIX 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PLC 2 PHOENIX LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PN CINCY I LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PN CINCY II LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PN CINCY III LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX PN CINCY IV LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX RANTOUL GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX RANTOUL L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX REEMS & OLIVE, LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX REEMS & OLIVE I LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX REEMS & OLIVE I Manager LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX RICKENBACKER LLC DE Limited Liability Company 
 3 

LEX ROMULUS GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX ROMULUS L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX RUSKIN FL LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX RUSKIN FL 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SAN AN GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SAN AN L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX SAVANNAH (1004 TCP) LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SAVANNAH DF I GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SAVANNAH DF I L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX SAVANNAH DF II GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SAVANNAH DF II L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX SMYRNA GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SPARTANBURG (1021 TLD) LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SPARTANBURG (1021 TLD) 1031 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SPARTANBURG GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SPARTANBURG L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX SPARTANBURG SF LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SPARTANBURG SF MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX-SPRINGING MEMBER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SUNCAP HP GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX SUNCAP HP L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX TOLLESON GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX TOLLESON L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX WESTRIDGE PKWY GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WESTRIDGE PKWY L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX WESTRIDGE PKWY II GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WESTRIDGE PKWY II L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX WHITELAND 19 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WHITELAND 76 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WHITELAND 180 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WHITESTOWN GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WHITESTOWN L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX WHITESTOWN 4900 AWD LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WHITESTOWN 4600 AWD LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WINCHESTER GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEX WINCHESTER L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEX WINCHESTER II LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON ACQUIPORT COMPANY LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON ACQUIPORT COMPANY II LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON ANTIOCH LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON BRISTOL L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON BRISTOL GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON DISSOLVED LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON DUNCAN II GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON DUNCAN II L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON FORT MILL II LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON FORT MILL LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON KALAMAZOO L.P. DE Limited Partnership 
 4 

LEXINGTON KALAMAZOO MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON MARSHALL MS GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON MARSHALL MS L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON MILLINGTON LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON MINNEAPOLIS LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON MLP SHREVEPORT L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON MLP SHREVEPORT MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON OC LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON OC 200 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON PHILADELPHIA TRUST DE Statutory Trust LEXINGTON REALTY ADVISORS INC. DE Corporation LEXINGTON SHELBY L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON SHELBY GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON SIX PENN LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON STREETSBORO LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON TAMPA L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON TAMPA GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON TNI ERWIN L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON TNI ERWIN MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LEXINGTON WILSONVILLE L.P. DE Limited Partnership LEXINGTON WILSONVILLE GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LMLP GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LOMBARD STREET LOTS, LLC MD Limited Liability Company LRA COTTON 303 I LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA FAIRBURN, LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA HANCOCK 13 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA HANCOCK 14 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA MANAGER CORP. DE Corporation LRA MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA OCALA 44 LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA REEMS & OLIVE I LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA SPARTANBURG SF LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA TEXAS GENERAL PARTNER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LRA TEXAS L.P. DE Limited Partnership LSAC MORRIS COUNTY L.P. DE Limited Partnership LSAC MORRIS COUNTY MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company LXP CAPITAL TRUST I DE Statutory Trust LXPDK GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LXPDK II GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LXP MANAGER CORP. DE Corporation LXP MFG C GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company LXP MFG C L.P. DE Limited Partnership MORGAN LAKES INDUSTRIAL IX, LLC GA Limited Liability Company NET 1 HENDERSON L.P. DE Limited Partnership NET 1 PHOENIX L.L.C. DE Limited Liability Company NET LEASE STRATEGIC ASSETS FUND L.P. DE Limited Partnership NEWKIRK GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company NEWKIRK MLP UNIT LLC DE Limited Liability Company 
 5 

NEWKIRK ORPER GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company NEWKIRK ORPER L.P. DE Limited Partnership NEWKIRK SUPERWEST GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company NEWKIRK SUPERWEST L.P. DE Limited Partnership NEWKIRK WALANDO GP LLC DE Limited Liability Company NEWKIRK WALANDO L.P. DE Limited Partnership NK-GLENWILLOW PROPERTY LLC DE Limited Liability Company NK-LOMBARD STREET MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company NK-MCDONOUGH PROPERTY LLC DE Limited Liability Company NK-ROCKFORD PROPERTY LLC DE Limited Liability Company NK-STATESVILLE PROPERTY L.P. DE Limited Partnership NK-STATESVILLE PROPERTY MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company NLSAF LP1 LLC DE Limited Liability Company NLSAF MCDONOUGH L.P. DE Limited Partnership NLSAF MCDONOUGH MANAGER LLC DE Limited Liability Company NNN MFG COLD JV L.P. DE Limited Partnership NNN OFFICE JV L.P. DE Limited Partnership OCALA 44 RRL, LLC DE Limited Liability Company PHOENIX HOTEL ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP DE Limited Partnership RAZAR MANAGER LLC CT Limited Liability Company SIX PENN CENTER ASSOCIATES PA General Partnership SIX PENN CENTER L.P. DE Limited Partnership SPARTANBURG SF RRL, LLC DE Limited Liability Company THE CUBES AT ETNA 70 BUILDING E, LLC DE Limited Liability Company UHA LP2 LLC DE Limited Liability Company UNION HILLS ASSOCIATES AZ General Partnership UNION HILLS ASSOCIATES II AZ General Partnership XEL-EP 70 BUILDING E REIT LLC DE Limited Liability Company XEL-EP 70 BUILDING E TRS LLC DE Limited Liability Company XEL-EP 70 REIT LLC DE Limited Liability Company XEL-EP 70 EAST REIT LLC DE Limited Liability Company XEL-EP 70 TRS LLC DE Limited Liability Company XEL-EP 70 EAST TRS LLC DE Limited Liability Company 
 6 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 ex23deloitteconsentlxp2022.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-157860, 333-253297, and 333-253321 on Form S-3, and Registration Statement No. 333-266016 on Form S-8, of our reports dated February 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements of LXP Industrial Trust, and the effectiveness of LXP Industrial Trust s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex311ceocertificationlxp20.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, T. Wilson Eglin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of LXP Industrial Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 16, 2023 s T. Wilson Eglin T. Wilson Eglin Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex312cfocertificationlxp20.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Beth Boulerice, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of LXP Industrial Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 16, 2023 s Beth Boulerice Beth Boulerice Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex321ceocertificationlxp20.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of LXP Industrial Trust (the Trust on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, T. Wilson Eglin, Chief Executive Officer of the Trust, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 
 
 s T. Wilson Eglin T. Wilson Eglin Chief Executive Officer February 16, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex322cfocertificationlxp20.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of LXP Industrial Trust (the Trust on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Beth Boulerice, Chief Financial Officer of the Trust, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 
 
 s Beth Boulerice Beth Boulerice Chief Financial Officer February 16, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lxp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 lxp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lxp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lxp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lxp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

