<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1449349_0001493152-23-006366.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6011176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232959</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>941794</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2016844</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1216850</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1456565</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006366.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301122526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006366
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIVOS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001449349
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				800138937
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53497
		FILM NUMBER:		23691924

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		719 JADWIN AVENUE
		CITY:			RICHLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99352
		BUSINESS PHONE:		509-736-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		719 JADWIN AVENUE
		CITY:			RICHLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99352

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ADVANCED MEDICAL ISOTOPE Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006366.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to _________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 growth company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on which registered 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and
director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons
may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.
Without acknowledging that any individual director of registrant is an affiliate, all directors have been included as affiliates with
respect to shares owned by them. 

As
of March 1, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding, 2,071,007 shares of the registrant s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, 200,363 of the registrant s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding
and 385,302 of the registrant s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 

VIVOS
INC 

 Report
on Form 10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I. 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART II. 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 30 

PART III. 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 

2 

PART
I 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Except
for statements of historical fact, certain information described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements
by forward-looking words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, should, will, would or similar words. The statements
that contain these or similar words should be read carefully because these statements discuss the Company s future expectations,
including its expectations of its future results of operations or financial position, or state other forward-looking information.
Vivos Inc. believes that it is important to communicate its future expectations to its investors. However, there may be events in the
future that the Company is not able to accurately predict or to control. Further, the Company urges you to be cautious of the forward-looking
statements which are contained in this Annual Report because they involve risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting its operations,
market growth, service, products and licenses. The risk factors in the section captioned Risk Factors in Item 1A of the
Company s Annual Report, as well as other cautionary language in this Annual Report, describe such risks, uncertainties and events
that may cause the Company s actual results and achievements, whether expressed or implied, to differ materially from the expectations
the Company describes in its forward-looking statements. The occurrence of any of the events described as risk factors could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial position. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Vivos
Inc. is a radiation oncology medical device company engaged in the development of its yttrium-90 Y-90 based brachytherapy
device, RadioGel , for the treatment of non-resectable tumors. A prominent team of radiochemists, scientists and engineers, collaborating
with strategic partners, including national laboratories, universities and private corporations, lead the Company s development
efforts. The Company s overall vision is to globally empower physicians, medical researchers and patients by providing them with
new isotope technologies that offer safe and effective treatments for cancer. 

In
2013 the FDA issued the determination that RadioGel is a device for human therapy for non-resectable cancers in humans. This should
result in a faster path than a drug for final approval. 

In
January 2018, the Center for Veterinary Medicine Product Classification Group ruled that RadioGel TM should be classified as
a device for animal therapy of feline sarcomas and canine soft tissue sarcomas. Additionally, after a legal review, the Company believes
that the device classification obtained from the Food and Drug Administration FDA Center for Veterinary Medicine
is not limited to canine and feline sarcomas, but rather may be extended to a much broader population of veterinary cancers, including
all or most solid tumors in animals. We expect the result of such classification and label review will be that no additional regulatory
approvals are necessary for the use of IsoPet for the treatment of solid tumors in animals. The FDA does not have premarket
authority over devices with a veterinary classification, and the manufacturers are responsible for assuring that the product is safe,
effective, properly labeled, and otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 

Based
on the FDA s recommendation, RadioGel TM will be marketed as IsoPet for use by veterinarians
to avoid any confusion between animal and human therapy. The Company already has trademark protection for the IsoPet 
name. IsoPet and RadioGel TM are used synonymously throughout this document. The only distinction between IsoPet 
 and RadioGel TM is the FDA s recommendation that we use IsoPet for veterinarian usage,
and reserve RadioGel TM for human therapy. Based on these developments, the Company has shifted its primary focus
to the development and marketing of Isopet for animal therapy, through the Company s IsoPet Solutions
division. 

The
Company s IsoPet Solutions division was established in May 2016 to focus on the veterinary oncology market, namely engagement of
university veterinarian hospital to develop the detailed therapy procedures to treat animal tumors and ultimately use of the technology
in private clinics. The Company has worked with three different university veterinarian hospitals on IsoPet testing and
therapy. Washington State University treated five cats for feline sarcoma and served to develop the procedures which are incorporated
in our label. They concluded that the product was safe and effective in killing cancer cells. Colorado State University demonstrated
the CT and PET-CT imaging of IsoPet . A contract was signed with University of Missouri to treat canine sarcomas and equine
sarcoids starting in November 2017. 

3 

The
dogs were treated for canine soft tissue sarcoma. Response evaluation criteria in solid tumors RECIST is a set
of published rules that define when tumors in cancer patients improve (respond), stay the same (stabilize), or worsen (progress) during
treatment. The criteria were published by an international collaboration including the European Organisation for Research and Treatment
of Cancer EORTC ), National Cancer Institute of the United States, and the National Cancer Institute of Canada Clinical
Trials Group. 

The
testing at the University of Missouri met its objective to demonstrate the safety of IsoPet . Using its advanced CT and PET equipment
it was able to demonstrate that the dose calculations were accurate and that the injections perfused into the cell interstices and did
not stay concentrated in a bolus. This results in a more homogeneous dose distribution. There was insignificant spread of Y-90 outside
the points of injection demonstrating the effectiveness of the particles and the gel to localize the radiation with no spreading to the
blood or other organs nor to urine or fecal material. This confirms that IsoPet is safe for same day therapy. 

The
effectiveness of IsoPet for life extension was not the prime objective, but it resulted in valuable insights. Of the cases one is
still cancer-free but the others eventually recurred since there was not a strong focus on treating the margins. The University of Missouri
has agreed to become a regional center to administer IsoPet therapy and will incorporate the improvements suggested by the testing
program. 

The
Company anticipates that future profits, if any, will be derived from direct sales of RadioGel (under the name IsoPet and related services, and from licensing to private medical and veterinary clinics in the U.S. and internationally. The Company intends
to report the results from the IsoPet Solutions division as a separate operating segment in accordance with GAAP. 

Commencing
in July 2019, the Company recognized its first commercial sale of IsoPet . A veterinarian from
Alaska brought his cat with a re-occurrent spindle cell sarcoma tumor on his face. The cat had previously received external beam therapy,
but now the tumor was growing rapidly. He was given a high dose of 400Gy with heavy therapy at the margins. This sale met the revenue
recognition requirements under ASC 606 as the performance obligation was satisfied. The Company completed sales for an additional four
animals that received the IsoPet during 2019. 

Our
plan is to incorporate the data assembled from our work with Isopet in animal therapy to support the Company s
efforts in the development of our RadioGel device candidate, including obtaining approval from the FDA to market and sell
RadioGel as a Class II medical device. RadioGel is an injectable particle-gel for brachytherapy radiation treatment of
cancerous tumors in people and animals. RadioGel is comprised of a hydrogel, or a substance that is liquid at room temperature
and then gels when reaching body temperature after injection into a tumor. In the gel are small, less than two microns, Y-90 phosphate
particles. Once injected, these inert particles are locked in place inside the tumor by the gel, delivering a very high local radiation
dose. The radiation is beta, consisting of high-speed electrons. These electrons only travel a short distance so the device can deliver
high radiation to the tumor with minimal dose to the surrounding tissue. Optimally, patients can go home immediately following treatment
without the risk of radiation exposure to family members. Since Y-90 has a half-life of 2.7 days, the radioactivity drops to 5 of its
original value after ten days. 

Recently,
the Company modified its Indication for Use from skin cancel to cancerous tissue or solid tumors pathologically associated with locoregional
papillary thyroid carcinoma and recurrent papillary thyroid carcinoma having discernable tumors associated with metastatic lymph nodes
or extranodal disease in patients who are not surgical candidates or who have declined surgery, or patients who require post-surgical
remnant ablation (for example, after prior incomplete radioiodine therapy). Papillary thyroid carcinoma belongs to the general class
of head and neck tumors for which tumors are accessible by intraoperative direct needle injection. The Company s Medical Advisory
Board felt that demonstrating efficacy in clinical trials was much easier with this new indication. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
original license with Battelle National Laboratory reached its end of life in 2022. During the past several years, in anticipation of
this we have expanded our proprietary knowledge, our trademark and patent protection. 

Our
RadioGel trademark protection is in 17 countries. We have expanded our trademark protection from RadioGel to now include IsoPet. We obtained
the International Certificate of Registration for ISOPET, which is the first step to file in several countries . 

4 

The
Company received the Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT International Search Report on our patent application (No.1811.191).
Seven of our claims were immediately ruled as having novelty, inventive step and industrial applicability. This gives us the basis to
extend for many years the patent protection for our proprietary Yttrium-90 phosphate particles utilized in Isopet and
Radiogel . 

Our
patent team filed our particle patent in more than ten patent offices that collectively cover 63 countries throughout the world. We filed
a continuation-in-part applications number 1774054 in the USA to expand the claims on our
particle patent. T he US Patent office recently gave us the Notice of Allowance for our patent
to produce our yttrium phosphate microparticles, US Patent Application Serial No: 16-459,466 .
 We also filed an amendment to correct the wording on our claims at make them consistent with the
USE claims. Ref: 4207-0005; European Patent Application NO. 20 834 229.5; VIVOS INC; Our Ref: FS/53791. 

We
filed a hydrogel utility patent in the USA (16309:17/943,311) and internationally (16389:PCT/US22/4374) based on the last eighteen months
of development work to optimize our hydrogel component. These include reducing the polymer production time and increasing the output
by a factor of three. We have also further reduced the level of trace contaminants to be well below the FDA guidelines. 

We
filed a provisional patent (Serial Number 63436562) to protect our innovative improvements in our shipping container, our vial shield,
our syringe shield, and our Peltier chiller. Our objectives were to reduce shipping costs, decrease radiation exposure, and enhance sterility.
These devices will be preferentially used at Mayo Clinics for human clinical studies at and our IsoPet regional treatment centers. 

We
anticipate that Precison Radionuclide Therapy will become increasingly important in the future and expand to other isotope and other
indications for use. Therefore, we filed an alternate particle utility patent (Serial number 18/152,137). Vivos Inc will focus its near-term
effort on the Yttrium-90 therapy, which we believe is the best beta emitter; however, we leveraged
our hydrogel utility patent to incorporate other promising isotopes and compounds for a range of future applications. This includes gamma
and alpha particle emitters. 

IsoPet
Regional Clinics 

We
currently have four regional therapy clinics: 

Vista
 Veterinary Hospital Kennewick, WA 

University
 of Missouri Columbia, MO 

Johns
 Hopkins University Baltimore, MD 

New
 England Equine Practice Patterson, NY 

Vista
Veterinary Hospital Vista was selected as the pilot private clinic to initiate commercial sales of IsoPet .
It is good management practice to implement and learn from a pilot program before spreading to regional clinics across the country. Vista
is located in the Tri-Cities Washington area which is convenient for interactions with key personnel of the Company. The pilot is being
used to 

Refine
 the Memorandum of Understanding to define all the germane interfaces, roles and liabilities between Vista Inc and the private clinics,
 including the pilot responsivity to document and share the key aspects of all therapies with the Company; 

Create
 and implement proprietary certification training packages; 

Amend
 the production center radioactive material license at IsoTherapeutics, the Company s IsoPet production center,
 to allow distribution for commercial applications; 

Work
 with the pilot program to obtain a radioactive material licensing in an NRC agreement state; 

Create
 equipment and supplies list; 

Create
 and post regulatory signage; 

Explore
 different IsoPet pricing options; 

Evaluate
 different approaches to obtain patients; 

Optimize
 patient scheduling practices to reduce cost to the pet owners; 

Develop
 communication material and a liability document for the pet owners; and 

Further
 refine the therapy techniques for advanced cancers. 

5 

Vista
Veterinary Hospital has done well on two audits by the Washington State Department of Health. The Company is working closely with the
Washington State Department of Health to refine and improve the radioactive material license. The Company has added several detailed
procedures, which will benefit future regional clinics. In addition, a second veterinarian has completed all the preliminary requirements
to become certified. All that remains is to demonstrate proficiency in three therapies. 

The
testing at the universities and at Vista Veterinary Hospital have demonstrated that IsoPet is effective on killing cancer
tissue near the injections. It is most effective in early cases before the cancer has begun to spread. Later stage cancers are more difficult
to treat since the tendrils from the primary cancer site are not well defined and therefore can lead to recurrence. 

There
have been 115 expressions of interest in IsoPet therapy from across the United States, but only about 10 of these were
treated and they were very advanced cases. The reasons are instructive. Most of the cases were for so advanced that the pet parents found
out about IsoPet on the Internet as a last hope. Several others were internal cancers that could not be reached, for
example deep in the throat. Several cases were treatable, but the pets weighed more than 20 pounds and the pet parents were not willing
to fly them in the Safe Cargo holds. Those patients would have been treated by regional clinics once we implement that
strategy. Several cases were mast cell cancers. The Company is confident that those tumors could have been treated, but once killed they
release mast cells in a process called granulation. This could cause a shock to the animal s system. The Company will focus one
of our clinical studies on the optimum approach for those therapies. 

Vista
Veterinary Hospital accepted advanced cancer cases and has gained experience to extend the animal s lives. The first cat was terminally
ill and had previously had external beam, surgery and chemotherapy. The facial tumor was treated with 400 Gy and the biopsy confirmed
that the cancer was killed. In about seven months the cancer returned in the throat and could not be treated so the cat had to be put
down. Dr. Bauder, the veterinarian pet parent, was still elated about the life extension and is asking us to use him as a reference.
The other cases were also very advanced with multiple tumors and they recurred since they had already spread before therapy. One animal,
Yukon had a large tumor on his leg that was recommended for amputation. The tumor size decreased 50 after the first treatment, but then
stopped decreasing. For the first time a second therapy was administered and the tumor has continued to decrease in size. Yukon s
life was extended for more than a year until she finally succumbed to metastatic cancer in another location. 

Since
IsoPet has shown to be effective in killing cancer at the site of injection the current focus is in optimizing the techniques
to help the pet resorb the necrotic tissue rapidly. In addition, IsoPet was used to treat a mast cell tumor. When these
cancers are destroyed, they release their mast cell. The animal was treated with a steroid to counter this effect and to date is doing
well. 

The
Company s efforts are now to obtain more early-stage cancer patients. The biggest obstacle is to convince the veterinarians of
the pet parents to agree with IsoPet therapy rather than using a more traditional method such as surgery. This is a slow
process due to the conservative nature of the veterinarian professions. This is the prime motivation to continue with additional clinical
trials and to publish the results. 

The
Company worked closely with FX Masse to develop nine certification training modules for use in potential regional clinics. These modules
are necessary to satisfy the radioactive material handling licenses. This approach is very cost effective. 

Johns
Hopkins University VCTN, Veterinary Clinical Trials Network, is now an Isopet regional clinic. Additionally, Johns Hopkins
will also perform new Isopet animal studies on various specific cancers. They have the required radioactive material license and
have completed their training certification for Isopet . This important relationship will also help meet our objective of obtaining
high quality data on a range of cancers that can be published in leading journals. These publications are the optimal way to increase
awareness of Isopet and to gain broader acceptance from the veterinarian/oncology community. 

Our
objective is to open several regional clinics by the end of 2023 and to participate in a minimum of four conferences to spread the word
about IsoPet in the veterinarian community for treating tumors in small animals and horses. We created a Marketing Steering Board to
provide advice on obtaining new pet patients. 

6 

Regulatory
History 

Human
Therapy 

RadioGel 
has a long regulatory history with the Food and Drug Administration FDA ). Initially, the Company submitted a presubmission
(Q130140) to obtain FDA feedback about the proposed product. The FDA requested that the Company file a request for designation with the
Office of Combination Products (RFD130051), which led to the determination that RadioGel is a device for human therapy for non-resectable
cancers, which must be reviewed and ultimately regulated by the Center for Devices and Radiological Health CDRH ).
The Company then submitted a 510(k) notice for RadioGel (K133368), which was found Not Substantially Equivalent due to the lack
of a suitable predicate, and RadioGel was assigned to the Class III product code NAW (microspheres). Class III products or devices
are generally the highest risk devices and are therefore subject to the highest level of regulatory review, control and oversight. Class
III products or devices must typically be approved by FDA before they are marketed. Class II devices represent lower risk products or
devices than Class III and require fewer regulatory controls to provide reasonable assurance of the product s or device s
safety and effectiveness. In contrast, Class I products and devices are deemed to be lower risk than Class I or II, and are therefore
subject to the least regulatory controls. 

A
pre-submission meeting (Q140496) was held with the FDA on June 17, 2014, during which the FDA maintained that RadioGel should
be considered a Class III device and therefore subject to pre-market approval. On December 29, 2014, the Company submitted a de novo
 petition for RadioGel (DEN140043). The de novo petition was denied by the FDA on June 1, 2015, with the FDA providing
numerous comments and questions. On September 29, 2015, the Company submitted a follow-up pre-submission informational meeting request
with the FDA (Q151569). This meeting took place on November 9, 2015, at which time the FDA indicated acceptance of the Company s
applied dosimetry methods and clarified the FDA s outstanding questions regarding RadioGel . Following the November 2015
pre-submission meeting, the Company prepared a new pre-submission package to obtain FDA feedback on the proposed testing methods, intended
to address the concerns raised by the FDA staff and to address the suitability of RadioGel for de novo reclassification.
This pre-submission package was presented to the FDA in a meeting on August 29, 2017. During the August 2017 meeting, the FDA clarified
their position on the remaining pre-clinical testing needed for RadioGel . Specifically, the FDA addressed proposed dosimetry calculating
techniques, dosimetry distribution between injections, hydrogel viscoelastic properties, and the details of the Company s proposed
animal testing. 

The
Company believes that its submissions to the FDA to date have addressed all the FDA staff s feedback over the past four years.
Of particular importance, the Company has provided corresponding supporting data for proposed future testing of RadioGel to address
any remaining questions raised by the FDA. We believe, although no assurances can be given, that the clinical testing modifications presented
to the FDA in August 2017 will result in a de novo reclassification for RadioGel by the FDA. In addition, in previous FDA
submittals, the Company proposed applying RadioGel for a very broad range of cancer therapies, referred to as Indication for Use.
The FDA requested that the Company reduce its Indications for Use. To comply with that request, the Company expanded its Medical Advisory
Board MAB and engaged doctors from respected hospitals who have evaluated the candidate cancer therapies based
on three criteria: (1) potential for FDA approval and successful therapy (2) notable advantage over current therapies and
(3) probability of wide-spread acceptance by the medical community. 

In
November 2020 the Company submitted a request for a Breakthrough Device Designation. Ultimately, this was denied, but the FDA acknowledged,
 The FDA does believe that RadioGel meets criterion #2a: Device represents breakthrough technology. Your device does
meet this criterion because it is a novel application of a brachytherapy device outside of the liver. More importantly the
process resulted in a rapid review of our existing data and approach. It led to a redirection of our efforts on writing the IDE and saved
the Company much time in the review of that future application. 

Based
on advice from the FDA the Company has scheduled a Pre-Submission meeting on November 30, 2021 to discuss a draft of an Investigational
Device Exemptions (IDEs) for Early Feasibility Medical Device Clinical Studies, Including Certain First in Human (FIH) Studies. Using
this process results in more rapid feedback to prepare the final IDE. 

7 

The
FDA was very supportive and had suggested this Q-Submission path for rapid turnaround and dialog. The Mayo Clinic physicians did an excellent
job presenting the need for Radiogel to treat recurrent thyroid cancer and to answer a range of questions from the
new FDA review team. The FDA provided many helpful suggestions on a range of subjects from labeling to dosimetry to the Mayo protocol
for clinical testing, and the need for some additional specific testing. They suggested having another Q-Sub Review and conference call
dedicated to the details of the dosimetry calculations. 

In
May of 2022 the Company held another Pre-Sub meeting with the FDA. They concurred with our dosimetry techniques and requested one more
animal test to confirm that the Y-90 stays at the injection site. We will be proposed a Pre-Sub meeting to discuss this new animal test
of VX-2 tumors in rabbits at Johns Hopkins University. We have a meeting scheduled with the FDA in October to obtain their feedback on
our new animal test plan. In the meantime, the Company is working to complete all the other required pre-clinical testing, such as biocompatibility
since they are required for the submittal of the IDE. 

We
held another Pre-Sub meeting with the FDA on October 17, 2022 to obtain detailed feedback on the proposed VX-2/Rabbit Animal Test Plan
and to submit the Risk Management Report. The RMR analyzed all hypothetical scenarios and concluded that RadioGel is inherently safe. 

In
parallel the Company is working with the Mayo Clinic s principal investigators to improve the clinical trial protocol for their
Institutional Review Board. 

The
MAB selected eighteen applications for RadioGel , each of which meet the criteria described above. This large number confirms the
wide applicability of the device and defines the path for future business growth. The Company s application establishes a single
Indication for Use - treatment of cancerous tissue or solid tumors pathologically associated with locoregional papillary thyroid carcinoma
and recurrent papillary thyroid carcinoma. 

We
anticipate that this initial application will facilitate each subsequent application for additional s Indications for Use. After the
second indication for use we intend to applied for a broad indication for use, which would target to obtain approval to treat all solid
tumors. 

Financing
and Strategy 

The
Company s stock offering under Regulation A+ was qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on June
3, 2020. A second Regulation A+ was qualified by the SEC on September 15, 2021 to raise capital for 50,000,000 shares at a price of 0.10
for a maximum of 5,000,000. The Company amended this and was able to raise 1,200,000 in July 2022 at 0.08 per share (15,000,0000 shares)
and sold 20,000,000 warrants for 20,000. An amended Regulation A+ was filed in October 2022 to raise the remaining 3,800,000 of the
 5,000,000. 

The
Company s Regulation A+ s raised approximately 5,200,000 from the sale of shares and is using the proceeds generated as
follows: 

For
the animal therapy market: 

Fund
 the effort to communicate the benefits of IsoPet to the veterinary community and the pet parents. 

Conduct
 additional clinical studies to generate more data for the veterinary community 

Subsidize
 some IsoPet therapies, if necessary, to ensure that all viable candidates are treated. 

Assist
 a new regional clinic with their license and certification training. 

For
the human market: 

Enhance
 the pedigree of the Quality Management System. 

Complete
 the previously defined pre-clinical testing and additional testing on an animal model closely aligned with our revised indication
 for use. Report the results to the FDA in a pre-submission meeting. 

Use
 the feedback from that meeting to write the IDE (Investigational Device Exemption), which is required to initiate clinical trials. 

Research
and development of the Company s brachytherapy product line has been funded with proceeds from the sale of equity and debt securities.
The Company may require additional funding of approximately 2 million annually to maintain current operating activities. Over the next
12 to 24 months, the Company believes it will cost approximately 9 million to: (1) fund the FDA approval process to conduct human clinical
trials, (2) conduct Phase I, pilot, clinical trials, (3) activate several regional clinics to administer IsoPet across the county,
(4) create an independent production center within the current production site to create a template for future international manufacturing,
and (5) initiate regulatory approval processes outside of the United States. The proceeds to be raised from the recent qualified Regulation
A+ will be used to continue to fund this development. 

8 

The
continued deployment of the brachytherapy products and a worldwide regulatory approval effort will require additional resources and personnel.
The principal variables in the timing and amount of spending for the brachytherapy products in the next 12 to 24 months will be the FDA s
classification of the Company s brachytherapy products as Class II or Class III devices (or otherwise) and any requirements for
additional studies which may possibly include clinical studies. Thereafter, the principal variables in the amount of the Company s
spending and its financing requirements would be the timing of any approvals and the nature of the Company s arrangements with
third parties for manufacturing, sales, distribution and licensing of those products and the products success in the U.S. and
elsewhere. The Company intends to fund its activities through strategic transactions such as licensing and partnership agreements or
from proceeds to be raised from the recent qualified Regulation A+. 

Following
receipt of required regulatory approvals and financing, in the U.S., the Company intends to outsource material aspects of manufacturing,
distribution, sales and marketing. Outside of the U.S., the Company intends to pursue licensing arrangements and/or partnerships to facilitate
its global commercialization strategy. 

In
the longer-term, subject to the Company receiving adequate funding, regulatory approval for RadioGel and other brachytherapy products,
and thereafter being able to successfully commercialize its brachytherapy products, the Company intends to consider resuming research
efforts with respect to other products and technologies intended to help improve the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and other illnesses. 

Based
on the Company s financial history since inception, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm has expressed
substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has limited revenue, nominal cash, and
has accumulated deficits since inception. If the Company cannot obtain sufficient additional capital, the Company will be required to
delay the implementation of its business strategy and may not be able to continue operations. 

The
Company has been impacted from the effects of COVID-19. The Company s headquarters are in Northeast Washington however there focus
of the animal therapy market has been the Northwestern sector of the United States. The Company continues their marketing to the animal
therapy market and attempt to increase the exposure to their product and generate revenue accordingly. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has 1,706,065 cash on hand. There are currently commitments to vendors for products and services purchased.
To continue the development of the Company s products, the current level of cash may not be enough to cover the fixed and variable
obligations of the Company. 

There
is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional funds or to do so at an advantageous price. 

Product
Features 

The
Company s RadioGel device has the following product features: 

Beta
 particles only travel a short distance so the device can deliver high radiation to the tumor with minimal dose to the nearby normal
 tissues. In medical terms Y-90 beta emitter has a high efficacy rate; 

Benefitting
 from the short penetration distance, the patient can go home immediately with no fear of exposure to family members, and there is
 a greatly reduced radiation risk to the doctor. A simple plastic tube around the syringe, gloves and safety glasses are all that
 is required. Other gamma emitting products require much more protection; 

A
 2.7-day half-life means that only 5 of the radiation remains after ten days. This is in contrast to the industry-standard gamma
 irradiation product, which has a half-life of 17 days; 

The
 short half-life also means that any medical waste can be stored for thirty days then disposed as normal hospital waste; 

RadioGel 
 can be administered with small diameter needles (27-gauge) so there is minimal damage to the normal tissue. This is in contrast to
 the injection of metal seeds, which does considerable damage; and 

After
 about 120 days the gel resorbs by a normal biological cycle, called the Krebs Cycle. The only remaining evidence of the treatment
 are phosphate particles so small in diameter that it requires a high-resolution microscope to find them. This is in contrast to permanent
 presence of metal seeds. 

9 

Steps
from Production to Therapy 

Device
Production 

During
the next two years, the Company intends to outsource material aspects of manufacturing and distribution. As future product volume increases,
the Company will reassess its make-buy decision on manufacturing and will analyze the cost/benefit of a centrally located facility. 

Production
of the Hydrogel 

RadioGel 
 is manufactured with a proprietary process under ventilated sterile hood by following strict Good Laboratory Practices GLP procedures. It is made in large batches that are frozen for up to three months. When the product is ready to ship, a small quantity of
the gel is dissolved in a sterile saline solution. It is then passed through an ultra-fine filter to ensure sterility. 

Production
of the Yttrium-90 Phosphate Particles 

The
Y-90 particles are produced with simple ingredients via a proprietary process, again following strict GLP procedures. They are then mixed
into a phosphate-buffered saline solution. They can be produced in large batches for several shipments. The number of particles per shipment
is determined by the dose prescribed by the doctor. 

Pre-Mixing
 RTU, Ready to Use 

Vivos
Inc now pre-mixes the particle solution and the hydrogel and places the RTU IsoPet in standard size vials. This innovation is cost effective
and reduces the probability of any accidental spills or biological contamination at the therapy sites. It also simplified the certification
training for new regional clinics. 

Shipment 

The
vials are shipped via FedEx or UPS by following the proper protocols. 

At
the User 

The
quantities and activities are in the information on the product label. 

The
specific injection technique depends on the Indication for Use. For small tumors, one centimeter in diameter or less, the cancer is treated
with a single injection. For larger tumors, the cancer is treated with a series of small injections from the same syringe or multiple
syringes. 

Principal
Markets 

The
Company is currently pursuing two synergistic business sectors, medical and veterinary, each of which are summarized below. 

Medical
Sector 

RadioGel 
 is currently fully developed, requiring only FDA approval before commercialization. 

Building
on the FDA s ruling of RadioGel as a device, the Company incorporated the FDA suggestions and has invested in
the pre-clinical testing required for IDE submittal. This included two years of effort on biocompatibility testing. The last remaining
animal test has been designed and has begun the initial scoping phase. 

RadioGel 
 is currently fully developed, requiring only FDA approval before commercialization. The Company has been seeking FDA approval of
RadioGel for almost five years. Recent progress has been delayed due to a lack of adequate funding. The principal issue preventing
approval is that the Company attempted to obtain regulatory approval for a broad range of Indications for Use, including all non-resectable
cancers, without sufficient supporting data. 

10 

Veterinary
Sector 

There
are approximately 150 million pet dogs and cats in the United States. Nearly one-half of dogs and one-third of cats are diagnosed with
cancer at some point in their lifetime. The Veterinary Oncology Hematology Center in Norwalk, Connecticut, reports that cancer
is the number one natural cause of death in older cats and dogs, accounting for nearly 50 percent of pet deaths each year. The American
Veterinary Medical Association reports that half of the dogs ten years or older will die because of cancer. The National Cancer Institute
reports that about six million dogs are diagnosed with cancer each year, translating to more than 16,000 a day. 

The
Company s IsoPet operating division focuses on the veterinary oncology market. Dr. Alice Villalobos, a founding
member of the Veterinary Cancer Society and the Chair of our Veterinary Medicine Advisory Board, has been providing guidance to management
regarding this market. The Veterinary Medicine Advisory Board gives us recommendations regarding the overall strategy for our animal
business sector. Specially, they recommended the university veterinary hospitals for demonstration therapies, the specific cancers to
be treated, and have provided business contact information to the private clinics. 

Development
of the product and application techniques and animal testing is allowed under FDA regulation. Commercial sales of RadioGel TM for
animals requires confirmation by the FDA Center for Veterinary Medicine CVM ). In January 2018, the Center for Veterinary
Medicine Product Classification Group, the entity within the CVM that is responsible for determining the classification of a product,
ruled that RadioGel TM should be classified as a device for animal therapy of feline sarcomas and canine soft tissue sarcomas. 

Additionally,
after a legal review, the Company believes that the device classification obtained from the FDA Center for Veterinary Medicine is not
limited to canine and feline sarcomas, but rather may be extended to a much broader population of veterinary cancers, including all or
most all solid tumors in animals. We expect the result of such classification and label approval will be that no additional regulatory
approvals are necessary for the use of RadioGel TM for the treatment of solid tumors in animals. The FDA does not have premarket
authority over devices with a veterinary classification, and the manufacturers are responsible for assuring that the product is safe,
effective, properly labeled, and otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 

The
Company currently intends to utilize university veterinary hospitals for therapy development, given that veterinary hospitals offer superior
and plentiful veterinarians and students, a large number of animal patients, radioactive material handling licenses, and are respected
by private veterinary centers and hospitals. 

Competitors 

The
Company competes in a market characterized by technological innovation, extensive research efforts, and significant competition. 

The
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological changes. A number
of companies are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals and products that target the same diseases and conditions that our products
target. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of potentially competitive products or their possible
effect on our sales. Certain potentially competitive products to our products may be in various stages of development. Also, there may
be many ongoing studies with currently marketed products and other developmental products, which may yield new data that could adversely
impact the use of our products in their current and potential future Indications for Use. The introduction of competitive products could
significantly reduce our sales, which, in turn would adversely impact our financial and operating results. 

There
are a wide variety of cancer treatments approved and marketed in the U.S. and globally. General categories of treatment include surgery,
chemotherapy, radiation therapy and immunotherapy. These products have a diverse set of success rates and side effects. The Company s
products, including RadioGel , fall into the brachytherapy treatment category. There are a number of brachytherapy devices
currently marketed in the U.S. and globally. The traditional iodine-125 (I-125) and palladium-103 (Pd-103) technologies for brachytherapy
are well entrenched with powerful market players controlling the market. The industry-standard I-125-based therapy was developed by Oncura,
which is a unit of General Electric Company. Additionally, C.R. Bard, a major industry player competes in the I-125 brachytherapy marketplace.
These market competitors are also involved in the distribution of Pd-103 based products. Cs-131 brachytherapy products are sold by IsoRay.
Several Y-90 therapies have been FDA approved including SIR-Spheres by Sirtex, TheraSphere by Biocompatibles UK and Zevalin by Spectrum
Pharmaceuticals. 

11 

Raw
Materials 

The
Company currently subcontracts the manufacturing of RadioGel TM at IsoTherapeutics. Prior to 2021, Eckert and Ziegler was the
only supplier of Y-90 in the United States, and was the sole supplier of the Y-90 used by IsoTherapeutics to manufacture the Company s
RadioGel . The Company obtains supplies, hardware, handling equipment and packaging from several different U.S. suppliers. 

During
2021, the Company engaged Akina, Inc. as an alternate supplier of its hydrogel polymer component. We have now expanded to include SciPoly
as another alternate polymer supplier. 

In
the future we will be looking to qualify an alternative particle supplier. 

Customers 

The
Company anticipates that potential customers for our potential brachytherapy products likely would include those institutions and individuals
that currently purchase brachytherapy products or other oncology treatment products. 

Government
Regulation 

The
Company s present and future intended activities in the development, manufacturing and sale of cancer therapy products, including
RadioGel , are subject to extensive laws, regulations, regulatory approvals and guidelines. Within the United States,
the Company s therapeutic radiological devices must comply with the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which is enforced
by FDA. The Company is also required to adhere to applicable FDA Quality System Regulations, also known as the Good Manufacturing Practices,
which include extensive record keeping and periodic inspections of manufacturing facilities. 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates, among other things, new product clearances and approvals to establish the safety and efficacy of
these products. We are also subject to other federal and state laws and regulations, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act
and the Environmental Protection Act. 

The
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and other federal statutes and regulations govern or influence the research, testing, manufacture,
safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, distribution, use, reporting, advertising and promotion of such products. Noncompliance
with applicable requirements can result in civil penalties, recall, injunction or seizure of products, refusal of the government to approve
or clear product approval applications, disqualification from sponsoring or conducting clinical investigations, preventing us from entering
into government supply contracts, withdrawal of previously approved applications, and criminal prosecution. 

In
the United States, medical devices are classified into three different categories over which the FDA applies increasing levels of regulation:
Class I, Class II, and Class III. Most Class I devices are exempt from premarket notification 510(k); most Class II devices require premarket
notification 510(k); and most Class III devices require premarket approval. RadioGel is currently classified as a Class
III device. 

Approval
of new Class III medical devices is a lengthy procedure and can take a number of years and require the expenditure of significant resources.
There is a shorter FDA review and clearance process for Class II medical devices, the premarket notification or 510(k) process, whereby
a company can market certain Class II medical devices that can be shown to be substantially equivalent to other legally marketed devices. 

The
Company intends to apply for a de novo with an anticipated expenditure of 10.0 million over the next four years. This expenditure
estimate includes anticipated costs associated with in vitro and in vivo pre-clinical testing, our application for an Investigational
Device Exemption, Phase I and Phase II clinical trials and our application for a de novo . 

As
a registered medical device manufacturer with the FDA, we are subject to inspection to ensure compliance with FDA s current Good
Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP. These regulations require that we and any of our contract manufacturers design, manufacture and service
products, and maintain documents in a prescribed manner with respect to manufacturing, testing, distribution, storage, design control,
and service activities. Modifications or enhancements that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of a device or that
constitute a major change to the intended use of the device require a new 510(k) premarket notification for any significant product modification. 

12 

The
Medical Device Reporting regulation requires that we provide information to the FDA on deaths or serious injuries alleged to be associated
with the use of our devices, as well as product malfunctions that are likely to cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the
malfunction were to recur. Labeling and promotional activities are regulated by the FDA and, in some circumstances, by the Federal Trade
Commission. 

As
a medical device manufacturer, we are also subject to laws and regulations administered by governmental entities at the federal, state
and local levels. For example, our facility is licensed as a medical device manufacturing facility in the State of Washington and is
subject to periodic state regulatory inspections. Our customers are also subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations that could
affect the nature and scope of their relationships with us. 

In
the United States, as a manufacturer of medical devices and devices utilizing radioactive byproduct material, we are subject to extensive
regulation by not only federal governmental authorities, such as the FDA and FAA, but also by state and local governmental authorities,
such as the Washington State Department of Health, to ensure such devices are safe and effective. In Washington State, the Department
of Health, by agreement with the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission NRC ), regulates the possession, use, and
disposal of radioactive byproduct material as well as the manufacture of radioactive sealed sources to ensure compliance with state and
federal laws and regulations. RadioGel constitutes both medical devices and radioactive sealed sources and are subject
to these regulations. 

Moreover,
our use, management, and disposal of certain radioactive substances and wastes are subject to regulation by several federal and state
agencies depending on the nature of the substance or waste material. We believe that we are in compliance with all federal and state
regulations for this purpose. 

Environmental
Regulation 

Our
business does not require us to comply with any extraordinary environmental regulations. Our RadioGel product is manufactured
in an independently owned and operated facility. Any environmental effects or contamination event that could result would be from the
shipping company during shipment and misuse by the treatment facility upon arrival. 

Human
Capital 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had one full-time personnel. The Company utilizes several independent contractors to assist with its
operations. The Company does not have a collective bargaining agreement with any of its personnel and believes its relations with its
personnel are good. 

Available
Information 

The
Company prepares and files annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and certain other
information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet site
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
at http://www.sec.gov. Moreover, the Company maintains a website at http://www.RadioGel.com that contains important information about
the Company, including biographies of key management personnel, as well as information about the Company s business. This information
is publicly available and is updated regularly. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report is not incorporated by reference
into this Annual Report, unless (and only to the extent) expressly so stated herein. 

13 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The occurrence of any of
the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, operating results, and growth prospects. In
such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. 

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY S BUSINESS 

Our
independent registered public accounting firms reports on its financial statements questions the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firms reports on the Company s financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 express substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The reports
include an explanatory paragraph stating that the Company has suffered recurring losses, used significant cash in support of its operating
activities and based on its current operating levels, require additional capital or restructuring to sustain its operation for the foreseeable
future. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional capital to continue its operations and to
alleviate doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company obtains additional financing, such funds may not be
available on favorable terms and likely would entail considerable dilution to existing shareholders. Any debt financing, if available,
may involve restrictive covenants that restrict its ability to conduct its business. It is extremely remote that the Company could obtain
any financing on any basis that did not result in considerable dilution for shareholders. Inclusion of a going concern qualification 
in the report of its independent accountants or in any future report may have a negative impact on its ability to obtain debt or equity
financing and may adversely impact its stock price. 

A
combination of our current financial condition and the FDA s determinations to date regarding our brachytherapy products raise
material concerns about ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company will not be able to continue as a going concern unless the Company obtains financing. Depending upon the amount of financing,
if any, the Company is able to obtain, the Company may not receive adequate funds to continue the approval process for RadioGel 
or other brachytherapy products with the FDA. 

The
Company has generated operating losses since inception, which are expected to continue, and has increasing cash requirements, which it
may be unable to satisfy . 

The
Company has generated material operating losses since inception. The Company has had recurring net losses since inception which has resulted
in an accumulated deficit of 79,556,028 and 77,085,867 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively including net losses of 2,470,161
and 2,527,766 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Historically, the Company has relied upon investor funds to maintain its
operations and develop its business. The Company needs to raise additional capital from investors for working capital as well as business
expansion, and there is no assurance that additional investor funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all.
If the Company is unable to unable to obtain additional financing to meet its working capital requirements, the Company likely would
cease operations. 

The
Company requires funding of at least 5 million per year to maintain current operating activities. Over the next 24 months, the Company
believes it will cost approximately 9 million to fund: (1) fund the FDA approval process to conduct human clinical trials, (2) conduct
Phase I, pilot, clinical trials, (3) activate several regional clinics to administer IsoPet across the county, (4) create
an independent production center within the current production site to create a template for future international manufacturing, and
(5) initiate regulatory approval processes outside of the United States. 

The
principal variables in the timing and amount of spending for the brachytherapy products in the next 12 to 24 months will be the FDA s
classification of the Company s brachytherapy products as Class II or Class III devices (or otherwise) and any requirements for
additional studies, which may possibly include clinical studies. Thereafter, the principal variables in the amount of the Company s
spending and its financing requirements would be the timing of any approvals and the nature of the Company s arrangements with
third parties for manufacturing, sales, distribution and licensing of those products and the products success in the U.S. and
elsewhere. The Company intends to fund its activities through strategic transactions such as licensing and partnership agreements or
additional capital raises. 

14 

Recent
economic events, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the inherent instability in global capital markets, as well as the lack of liquidity
in the capital markets, could adversely impact the Company s ability to obtain financing and its ability to execute its business
plan. 

The
Company has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate its business and prospects. 

The
Company has a limited operating history upon which one can base an evaluation of its business and prospects. As a company in the development
stage, there are substantial risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties to which its business is subject. To address these risks
and uncertainties, the Company must do the following: 

successfully
 develop and execute the business strategy; 

respond
 to competitive developments; and 

attract,
 integrate, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

There
is no assurance that the Company will achieve or maintain profitable operations or that the Company will obtain or maintain adequate
working capital to meet its obligations as they become due. The Company cannot be certain that its business strategy will be successfully
developed and implemented or that the Company will successfully address the risks that face its business. In the event that the Company
does not successfully address these risks, its business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. 

The
Company s products are regulated and require appropriate clearances and approvals to be marketed in the U.S. and globally. 

There
is no assurance the FDA or other global regulatory authorities will grant the Company permission to market the Company s brachytherapy
Y-90 RadioGel device. 

The
Company has been working with the FDA to obtain clearance for its brachytherapy Y-90 RadioGel TM device, but no assurances
have been received. On December 23, 2014, the Company announced that it submitted a de novo to the FDA for marketing clearance
for its patented Y-90 RadioGel TM device pursuant to Section 513(f)(2) of the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the Act ).
In June 2015, the FDA notified the Company the de novo was not granted. In February 2014, the FDA found the same device under
Section 510(k) of the Act not substantially equivalent and concluded that the device is classified by statute as a Class III medical
device, unless the device is reclassified. The Company is seeking reclassification of the product to Class II. If the Company is successful
in seeking reconsideration of the Company s de novo application, as a regulatory matter, the device could be on an easier
and faster path to market in the United States. However, there would still be the requirements to complete the in vitro and in vivo testing,
and then some human clinical trials. That testing date is submitted in a de novo pre-market application and if accepted we could then
go to market. As a practical matter, the Company would still need to secure funding and commercial arrangements before marketing could
commence. If the de novo is declined and if the Company obtains funding to permit it to continue operations, the Company will
explore steps toward seeking approval for the device as a Class III medical device. Generally, the time period and cost of seeking approval
as a Class III medical device is materially greater than the time period and cost of seeking approval as a Class II medical device. If
the Company seeks approval as a Class III device, human clinical trials will be necessary. Generally, human trials for Class III products
are larger, of longer duration and costlier than those for Class II devices. 

If
human clinical trials are necessary, there will be additional cost and time to reach marketing clearance or approval. Unless the Company
obtains sufficient funding, it will be unable to do the foregoing activities. There can be no assurance that the product will be approved
as either a Class II or Class III device by the FDA even if additional data is provided. In August 2017, the Company met again with the
FDA in a pre-submission meeting to once again go through the requirements for pre-clinical testing and to answer the previous FDA questions
submitted years before. There can be no assurance that the Company will receive FDA approval, or if it does, the timing thereof. 

If
the Company is successful in increasing the size of its organization, the Company may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

The
Company is a small organization with a minimal number of employees. If the Company is successful, it may experience a period of significant
expansion in headcount, facilities, infrastructure and overhead and further expansion may be required to address potential growth and
market opportunities. Any such future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need
to improve the Company s operational and financial systems and to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional managers.
The Company s future financial performance and its ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on the ability to manage
any future growth effectively. 

15 

The
Company s business is dependent upon the continued services of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Michael Korenko. Should
the Company lose the services of Dr. Korenko, the Company s operations will be negatively impacted. 

The
Company s business is dependent upon the expertise of its Chief Executive Officer, Michael Korenko. Dr. Korenko is essential to
the Company s operations. Accordingly, an investor must rely on Dr. Korenko s management decisions that will continue to
control the Company s business affairs. The Company does not maintain key man insurance on Dr. Korenko s life. The loss of
the services of Dr. Korenko would have a material adverse effect upon the Company s business. To mitigate this risk, David Swanberg
has been groomed as a replacement candidate. He has extensive experience as a co-founder of IsoRay and has been actively working with
Dr. Korenko as a consultant for the last two years. 

The
Company is heavily dependent on consultants for many of the services necessary to continue operations. The loss of any of these consultants
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Company s success is heavily dependent on the continued active participation of certain consultants and collaborating scientists.
Certain key employees and consultants have no written employment contracts. Loss of the services of any one or more of its consultants
could have a material adverse effect upon the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
the Company is unable to hire and retain additional qualified personnel, the business and financial condition may suffer. 

The
Company s success and achievement of its growth plans depend on its ability to recruit, hire, train and retain highly qualified
technical, scientific, regulatory and managerial employees, consultants and advisors. Competition for qualified personnel among pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies is intense, and an inability to attract and motivate additional highly skilled personnel required for the
expansion of the Company s activities, or the loss of any such persons, could have a material adverse effect on its business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

The
Company s revenues have historically been derived from sales made to a small number of customers. The Company has discontinued
prior operations related to its core business. To succeed, we will need to recommence our operations and achieve sales to a materially
larger number of customers. 

The
Company s consulting revenues relate to their commercializing of its products or expanding the number of customers purchasing its
products and services. The Company had 36,499 and 14,887 in operating revenues, net of discounts for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively as they have commenced sales of IsoPet . 

Many
of the Company s competitors have greater resources and experience than the Company has. 

Many
of the Company s competitors have greater financial resources, longer history, broader experience, greater name recognition, and
more substantial operations than the Company has, and they represent substantial long-term competition for us. The Company s competitors
may be able to devote more financial and human resources than the Company can to research, new product development, regulatory approvals,
and marketing and sales. The Company s competitors may develop or market products that are viewed by customers as more effective
or more economical than the Company s products. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to compete effectively against
current and future competitors, and such competitive pressures may adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations. 

The
Company s future revenues depend upon acceptance of its current and future products in the markets in which they compete. 

The
Company s future revenues depend upon receipt of financing, regulatory approval and the successful production, marketing, and sales
of the various isotopes the Company might market in the future. The rate and level of market acceptance of each of these products, if
any, may vary depending on the perception by physicians and other members of the healthcare community of its safety and efficacy as compared
to that of any competing products; the clinical outcomes of any patients treated; the effectiveness of its sales and marketing efforts
in the United States, Europe, Far East, Middle East, and Russia; any unfavorable publicity concerning its products or similar products;
the price of the Company s products relative to other products or competing treatments; any decrease in current reimbursement rates
from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services or third-party payers; regulatory developments related to the manufacture or continued
use of its products; availability of sufficient supplies to either purchase or manufacture its products; its ability to produce sufficient
quantities of its products; and the ability of physicians to properly utilize its products and avoid excessive levels of radiation to
patients. Any material adverse developments with respect to the commercialization of any such products may adversely affect revenues
and may cause the Company to continue to incur losses in the future. 

16 

The
Company currently relies on a single supplier for Y-90 particles, and that supplier is the only supplier in the United States. An inability
to procure Y-90 particles will harm the Company s business. 

There
is only one supplier of Y-90 particles in the United States, requiring us to rely entirely on this supplier to provide the Y-90 particles
needed to produce RadioGel TM . If we are unable to obtain a sufficient supply of Y-90 particles, we will not be able to proceed
with our development of RadioGel TM and our business may be materially harmed. 

The
Company currently subcontracts the manufacturing of RadioGel TM to IsoTherapeutics. PerkinElmer Inc. is the sole supplier of
the Y-90 particles used by IsoTherapeutics and is the only supplier of Y-90 particles in the United States. In the event PerkinElmer
is unable to satisfy our supply requirements or stope producing Y-90 particles, we will be unable to continue with development of RadioGel 
and our business would be materially harmed. 

The
Company will rely heavily on a limited number of suppliers for the foreseeable future. 

Some
of the products the Company might market, and components thereof are currently available only from a limited number of suppliers, several
of which are international suppliers. Failure to obtain deliveries from these sources could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
ability to operate. 

The
Company may incur material losses and costs as a result of product liability claims that may be brought against it. 

The
Company faces an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that products supplied by the Company fail
to perform as expected or such products result, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury. Any such claims may also result in adverse
publicity, which could damage the Company s reputation by raising questions about the safety and efficacy of its products and could
interfere with its efforts to market its products. A successful product liability claim against the Company in excess of its available
insurance coverage or established reserves may have a material adverse effect on its business. Although the Company currently maintains
liability insurance in amounts it believes are commercially reasonable, any product liability the Company may incur may exceed its insurance
coverage. 

The
Company is subject to the risk that certain third parties may mishandle the Company s products. 

If
the Company markets products, the Company likely will rely on third parties, such as commercial air courier companies, to deliver the
products, and on other third parties to package the products in certain specialized packaging forms requested by customers. The Company
thus would be subject to the risk that these third parties may mishandle its product, which could result in material adverse effects,
particularly given the radioactive nature of some of the products. 

The
Company is subject to uncertainties regarding reimbursement for use of its products. 

Hospitals
and freestanding clinics may be less likely to purchase the Company s products if they cannot be assured of receiving favorable
reimbursement for treatments using its products from third-party payers, such as Medicare and private health insurance plans. Third-party
payers are increasingly challenging the pricing of certain medical services or devices, and there is no assurance that they will reimburse
the Company s customers at levels sufficient for it to maintain favorable sales and price levels for the Company s products.
There is no uniform policy on reimbursement among third-party payers, and there is no assurance that the Company s products will
continue to qualify for reimbursement from all third-party payers or that reimbursement rates will not be reduced. A reduction in or
elimination of third-party reimbursement for treatments using the Company s products would likely have a material adverse effect
on the Company s revenues. 

The
Company s future growth is largely dependent upon its ability to develop new technologies that achieve market acceptance with appropriate
margins. 

The
Company s business operates in global markets that are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards.
Accordingly, future growth rates depend upon a number of factors, including the Company s ability to (i) identify emerging technological
trends in the Company s target end-markets, (ii) develop and maintain competitive products, (iii) enhance the Company s products
by adding innovative features that differentiate the Company s products from those of its competitors, and (iv) develop, manufacture
and bring products to market quickly and cost-effectively. The Company s ability to develop new products based on technological
innovation can affect the Company s competitive position and requires the investment of significant resources. These development
efforts divert resources from other potential investments in the Company s business, and they may not lead to the development of
new technologies or products on a timely basis or that meet the needs of the Company s customers as fully as competitive offerings.
In addition, the markets for the Company s products may not develop or grow as it currently anticipates. The failure of the Company s
technologies or products to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by the Company s competitors could significantly
reduce the Company s revenues and adversely affect the Company s competitive standing and prospects. 

17 

The
Company may rely on third parties to represent it locally in the marketing and sales of its products in international markets and its
revenue may depend on the efforts and results of those third parties. 

The
Company s future success may depend, in part, on its ability to enter into and maintain collaborative relationships with one or
more third parties, the collaborator s strategic interest in the Company s products and the Company s products under
development, and the collaborator s ability to successfully market and sell any such products. 

The
Company intends to pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the marketing and sales of its products; however, it may not be able to
establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if it is able to do so, the Company s collaborators may not be effective
in marketing and selling its products. To the extent that the Company decides not to, or is unable to, enter into collaborative arrangements
with respect to the sales and marketing of its products, significant capital expenditures, management resources and time will be required
to establish and develop an in-house marketing and sales force with technical expertise. To the extent that the Company depends on third
parties for marketing and distribution, any revenues received by the Company will depend upon the efforts and results of such third parties,
which may or may not be successful. 

The
Company may pursue strategic acquisitions that may have an adverse impact on its business. 

Executing
the Company s business strategy may involve pursuing and consummating strategic transactions to acquire complementary businesses
or technologies. In pursuing these strategic transactions, even if the Company does not consummate them, or in consummating such transactions
and integrating the acquired business or technology, the Company may expend significant financial and management resources and incur
other significant costs and expenses. There is no assurance that any strategic transactions will result in additional revenues or other
strategic benefits for the Company s business. The Company may issue the Company s stock as consideration for acquisitions,
joint ventures or other strategic transactions, and the use of stock as purchase consideration could dilute the interests of its current
stockholders. In addition, the Company may obtain debt financing in connection with an acquisition. Any such debt financing may involve
restrictive covenants relating to capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult
for the Company to obtain additional capital and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, such debt
financing may impair the Company s ability to obtain future additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
general corporate or other purposes, and a substantial portion of cash flows, if any, from the Company s operations may be dedicated
to interest payments and debt repayment, thereby reducing the funds available to the Company for other purposes. 

The
Company will need to hire additional qualified accounting personnel in order to remediate a material weakness in its internal control
over financial accounting, and the Company will need to expend any additional resources and efforts that may be necessary to establish
and to maintain the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and its disclosure controls and procedures. 

As
a public company, the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. The Company s management is required to evaluate and disclose its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of each year-end, including disclosing any material weakness in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that
results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected. As a result of its assessment, management has determined that there is a material weakness due to the lack of segregation
of duties and, due to this material weakness, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting was ineffective. This material weakness has the potential of adversely impacting the Company s
financial reporting process and the Company s financial reports. Because of this material weakness, management also concluded that
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company needs to hire additional
qualified accounting personnel in order to resolve this material weakness. The Company also will need to expend any additional resources
and efforts that may be necessary to establish and to maintain the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. 

The
Company s patented or other technologies may infringe on other patents, which may expose it to costly litigation. 

It
is possible that the Company s patented or other technologies may infringe on patents or other rights owned by others. The Company
may have to alter its products or processes, pay licensing fees, defend infringement actions or challenge the validity of the patents
in court, or cease activities altogether because of patent rights of third parties, thereby causing additional unexpected costs and delays
to the Company. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming, and the Company may not have sufficient resources to pursue such litigation.
If the Company does not obtain a license under such patents, if it is found liable for infringement, or if it is not able to have such
patents declared invalid, the Company may be liable for significant money damages, may encounter significant delays in bringing products
to market or may be precluded from participating in the manufacture, use or sale of products or methods of treatment requiring such licenses. 

18 

Protecting
the Company s intellectual property is critical to its innovation efforts. 

The
Company owns or has a license to use several U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications, trademarks and copyrights. The Company s
intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated or infringed upon by third parties, or it may be unable to maintain, renew
or enter into new licenses of third party proprietary intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms. In some non-U.S. countries,
laws affecting intellectual property are uncertain in their application, which can adversely affect the scope or enforceability of the
Company s patents and other intellectual property rights. Any of these events or factors could diminish or cause the Company to
lose the competitive advantages associated with the Company s intellectual property, subject the Company to judgments, penalties
and significant litigation costs, or temporarily or permanently disrupt its sales and marketing of the affected products or services. 

The
Company may not be able to protect its trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary technology, which could give competitors an advantage. 

The
Company relies upon trade secrets and other unpatented proprietary technology. The Company may not be able to adequately protect its
rights with regard to such unpatented proprietary technology, or competitors may independently develop substantially equivalent technology.
The Company seeks to protect trade secrets and proprietary knowledge, in part through confidentiality agreements with its employees,
consultants, advisors and collaborators. Nevertheless, these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of the Company s
confidential information and may not provide the Company with an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of such information,
and as result the Company s competitors could gain a competitive advantage. 

The
Company is subject to extensive government regulation in jurisdictions around the world in which it does business. Regulations address,
among other things, environmental compliance, import/export restrictions, healthcare services, taxes and financial reporting, and those
regulations can significantly increase the cost of doing business, which in turn can negatively impact operations, financial results
and cash flow. 

If
the Company is successful in developing manufacturing capability, the Company will be subject to extensive government regulation and
intervention both in the U.S. and in all foreign jurisdictions in which it conducts business. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations
will result in higher capital expenditures and operating costs, and changes to current regulations with which the Company complies can
necessitate further capital expenditures and increases in operating costs to enable continued compliance. Additionally, from time to
time, the Company may be involved in proceedings under certain of these laws and regulations. Foreign operations are subject to political
instabilities, restrictions on funds transfers, import/export restrictions, and currency fluctuation. 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE COMPANY S COMMON STOCK 

The
Company s common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. Failure to develop or maintain a more active trading market
may negatively affect the value of the Company s common stock, may deter some potential investors from purchasing the Company s
common stock or other equity securities, and may make it difficult or impossible for stockholders to sell their shares of common stock. 

The
Company s average daily volume of shares traded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 496,720 and 2,074,138, respectively.
Failure to develop or maintain an active trading market may negatively affect the value of the Company s common stock, may make
some potential investors unwilling to purchase the Company s common stock or equity securities that are convertible into or exercisable
for the Company s common stock, and may make it difficult or impossible for the Company s stockholders to sell their shares
of common stock and recover any part of their investment. 

The
Company s outstanding securities, the stock or other securities that it may become obligated to issue under existing agreements,
and certain provisions of those securities, may cause immediate and substantial dilution to existing stockholders and may make it more
difficult to raise additional equity capital. 

The
Company had 362,541,528 shares of common stock outstanding on March 1, 2023. The Company also had outstanding on that date dilutive securities
consisting of preferred stock, restricted stock units, options, and warrants (collectively, Common Stock Equivalents that if they had been exercised and converted in full on March 1, 2023, would have resulted in the issuance of up to 64,762,379 additional
shares of common stock. The issuance of shares upon the exercise of the Common Stock Equivalents may result in substantial dilution to
each stockholder by reducing that stockholder s percentage ownership of the Company s total outstanding shares of common
stock. The issuance of some or all those warrants and any exercise of those warrants will have the effect of further diluting the percentage
ownership of the Company s other stockholders. 

Future
sales of the Company s securities, including sales following exercise or conversion of derivative securities, or the perception
that such sales may occur, may depress the price of common stock and could encourage short sales. 

The
sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of the Company s shares in the public market, including shares issuable upon
exercise of the Common Stock Equivalents, or the perception that such sales may occur, may adversely affect the market price of the Company s
common stock. Any decline in the price of the Company s common stock may encourage short sales, which could place further downward
pressure on the price of the Company s common stock. 

19 

The
Company s stock price is likely to be volatile. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the reported low closing price for the Company s common stock was 0.04 per share, and the reported
high closing price was 0.1264 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the reported low closing price for the Company s
common stock was 0.068 per share, and the reported high closing price was 0.2592 per share. There is generally significant volatility
in the market prices, as well as limited liquidity, of securities of early-stage companies, particularly early stage medical product
companies. Contributing to this volatility are various events that can affect the Company s stock price in a positive or negative
manner. These events include, but are not limited to: governmental approvals, refusals to approve, regulations or other actions; market
acceptance and sales growth of the Company s products; litigation involving the Company or the Company s industry; developments
or disputes concerning the Company s patents or other proprietary rights; changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems;
departure of key personnel; future sales of its securities; fluctuations in its financial results or those of companies that are perceived
to be similar to us; investors general perception of us; and general economic, industry and market conditions. If any of these
events occur, it could cause the Company s stock price to fall, and any of these events may cause the Company s stock price
to be volatile. 

The
Company s common stock is subject to the Penny Stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in its securities is
limited, which makes transactions in its common stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the Company s stock. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 3a51-1, which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires that a broker or dealer approve
a person s account for transactions in penny stocks and that the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement
to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and
investment experience and objectives of the person and must make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and that the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and that the broker
or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of the Company s common stock and may cause a decline in the market value of its stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

As
a result of the Company issuing preferred stock, the rights of holders of the Company s common stock and the value of the Company s
common stock may be adversely affected. 

The
Company s Board of Directors is authorized to issue classes or series of preferred stock, without any action on the part of the
stockholders. The Company s Board of Directors also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such classes
or series of preferred stock, including voting rights, dividend rights and preferences over the common stock with respect to dividends
or upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of its business, and other terms. The Company has issued preferred stock that has
a preference over the common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, and with
respect to voting rights. In accordance with that and with the issuance of preferred stock, our common stockholders voting rights have
been diluted and it is possible that the rights of holders of the common stock or the value of the common stock have been adversely affected. 

The
Company does not expect to pay any dividends on common stock for the foreseeable future. 

The
Company has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock to date and does not anticipate it will pay cash dividends on its common
stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, stockholders must be prepared to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation
to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion
of the Company s board of directors and will depend on the Company s results of operations, financial conditions, contractual
restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law, and other factors that the Company s board deems relevant. 

20 

Pandemics
including COVID-19 may adversely affect our business. 

The
unprecedented events related to COVID-19 and the variants, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), have had significant
health, economic, and market impacts and may have short-term and long-term adverse effects on our business that we cannot predict as
the global pandemic continues to evolve. The extent and effectiveness of responses by governments and other organizations also cannot
be predicted. 

Our
ability to access the capital markets is unknown during the COVID-19 pandemic. Any such limitation on available financing would adversely
affect our business. 

GENERAL
RISK FACTORS 

Volatility
in raw material and energy costs, interruption in ordinary sources of supply, and an inability to recover from unanticipated increases
in energy and raw material costs could result in lost sales or could increase significantly the cost of doing business. 

Market
and economic conditions affecting the costs of raw materials, utilities, energy costs, and infrastructure required to provide for the
delivery of the Company s products and services are beyond the Company s control. Any disruption or halt in supplies, or
rapid escalations in costs, could adversely affect the Company s ability to manufacture products or to competitively price the
Company s products in the marketplace. To date, the ultimate impact of energy costs increases has been mitigated through price
increases or offset through improved process efficiencies; however, continuing escalation of energy costs could have a negative impact
upon the Company s business and financial performance. 

General
economic conditions in markets in which the Company does business can impact the demand for the Company s goods and services. Decreased
demand for the Company s products and services could have a negative impact on its financial performance and cash flow. 

Demand
for the Company s products and services, in part, depends on the general economic conditions affecting the countries and industries
in which the Company does business. A downturn in economic conditions in a country or industry that the Company serves may adversely
affect the demand for the Company s products and services, in turn negatively impacting the Company s operations and financial
results. Further, changes in demand for the Company s products and services can magnify the impact of economic cycles on the Company s
businesses. Unanticipated contract terminations by customers can negatively impact operations, financial results and cash flow. The Company s
earnings, cash flow and financial position are exposed to financial market risks worldwide, including interest rate and currency exchange
rate fluctuations and exchange rate controls. Fluctuations in domestic and world financial markets could adversely affect interest rates
and impact the Company s ability to obtain credit or attract investors. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

This
item is not applicable to the Company because the Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

The
Company is headquartered in Richland, Washington. Our Chief Executive Officer currently works from his home office in virtual communication
with key personnel. Cadwell Laboratories, which is controlled by Carl Cadwell, a director of the Company, provides office space to management
on an as-needed basis until such time as the Company leases permanent office space. Management believes that the Company s sites
are adequate to support the business and suitable for present purposes, and the properties and equipment have been well maintained. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

The
Company may, from time to time, be involved in various legal proceedings incidental to the conduct of our business. Historically, the
outcome of all such legal proceedings has not, in the aggregate, had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or liquidity. There are no material pending or threatened legal proceedings at this time. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

21 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is traded on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol RDGL. The following table sets forth,
in U.S. dollars, the high and low closing prices for each of the calendar quarters indicated, as reported by the OTCQB Marketplace, for
the past two fiscal years. Such OTCQB Marketplace quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without markup, markdown or commissions and,
particularly because our common stock is traded infrequently, may not necessarily represent actual transactions or a liquid trading market. 

High 
 Low 
 
 2022 

Quarter ended December 31 
 0.0695 
 0.04 
 
 Quarter ended September 30 
 0.0809 
 0.0461 
 
 Quarter ended June 30 
 0.1264 
 0.0555 
 
 Quarter ended March 31 
 0.0855 
 0.0405 

2021 

Quarter ended December 31 
 0.122 
 0.07 
 
 Quarter ended September 30 
 0.13 
 0.0882 
 
 Quarter ended June 30 
 0.1227 
 0.077 
 
 Quarter ended March 31 
 0.1179 
 0.0853 

Holders 

As
of March 1, 2023, we had 362,541,528 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding, which were held by approximately
223 shareholders of record. Our transfer agent is Pacific Stock Transfer, 6725 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to the Company s equity compensation plans previously
approved by stockholders and equity compensation plans not previously approved by stockholders. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 (a) (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 25,777,500 
 0.09 
 32,836,047 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 34,115,309 
 0.07 
 - 
 
 Total 
 34,115,309 (1) 
 0.07 (1) 
 - 

(1) 
 In
 addition to the 2015 Plan (defined below), the Company has individual compensation arrangements under which equity securities are
 authorized for issuance in exchange for consideration in the form of goods or services of certain individuals. 

22 

2015
Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan 

In
October 2015, our Board of Directors and stockholders approved the adoption of the 2015 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (the 2015
Plan ). The 2015 Plan authorizes an aggregate number of shares of common stock for issuance to all employees of the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company, any non-employee director, consultants and independent contractors of the Company or any subsidiary,
and any joint venture partners (including, without limitation, officers, directors and partners thereof) of the Company or any subsidiary.
The aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the Plan shall not exceed twenty percent (20 of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock on an as converted primary basis on a rolling basis. For calculation purposes, the As Converted Primary Shares
(as defined in the 2015 Plan) shall include all shares of common stock and all shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of
outstanding preferred stock and other convertible securities, but shall not include any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
of options, warrants and other convertible securities issued pursuant to the 2015 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the Converted Primary
Shares calculation results in 32,836,047 aggregate shares that may be issued under the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan is administered by the
Company s Compensation Committee, who may issue awards in the form of stock options and/or restricted stock awards. Effective December
31, 2022, an aggregate total of 44,462,500 restricted stock units RSUs under the 2015 Plan were authorized, but
as of March 1, 2023, 18,085,000 had been issued. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Below
is a description of all unregistered securities issued by the Company during and subsequent to the quarter ended December 31, 2022, through
the date of this report. Each of the issuances identified below were issued in transactions exempt from registration under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Section 3(a)(9) and/or 4(2) thereof. 

Issuances
During the Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 

During
the month of December 2022, the Company issued 2,650,273 shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of 3,333,333 warrants. 

Issuances
Subsequent to December 31, 2022 

Through
March 1, 2023, there have been no shares of common or preferred stock issued. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

This
item is not applicable to the Company because the Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis is intended as a review of significant factors affecting the Company s financial condition and
results of operations for the periods indicated. The discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements
and the notes presented herein. In addition to historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company s actual
results could differ significantly from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of the risk factors set forth
above in Item 1A and other factors discussed in this Annual Report. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth information from our statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 36,499 
 14,887 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 (28,779 
 (12,000 
 
 Gross profit 
 7,720 
 2,887 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (2,525,469 
 (2,504,685 
 
 Operating loss 
 (2,517,749 
 (2,501,798 
 
 Non-operating income (expense) 
 47,588 
 (25,968 
 
 Net loss 
 (2,470,161 
 (2,527,766 

23 

Revenues
and Cost of Goods Sold 

Revenue
was 36,499 and 14,887 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All revenue recognized in the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 relate to consulting income with respect to the IsoPet therapies. 

Management
does not anticipate that the Company will generate sufficient revenue to sustain operations until such time as the Company secures multiple
revenue-generating arrangements with respect to RadioGel and/or any of our other brachytherapy technologies. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively consists of the following: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Professional fees, including stock-based compensation 
 1,755,316 
 1,838,323 
 
 Payroll expenses 
 275,240 
 267,477 
 
 Research and development 
 343,802 
 286,848 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 151,111 
 112,037 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,525,469 
 2,504,685 

Operating
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,525,469 and 2,504,685, respectively. The increase in operating expenses
from 2021 to 2022 can be attributed to the decrease in professional fees 1,755,316 for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 1,838,323
for the year ended December 31, 2021) as the Company utilized more services due to amending their Regulation A+ and the fees incurred
for the consultants engaged in 2021 including stock-based compensation; the increase in general and administrative expense 151,111
for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 112,037 for the year ended December 31, 2021); the increase in research and development 343,802 for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus 286,848 for the year ended December 31, 2021) as the Company ramped up the development
of their products with the recent raising of capital, and an increase in payroll expenses 275,240 for the year ended December 31, 2022
versus 267,477 for the year ended December 31, 2021) related to the CEOs employment contract taking effect. 

Non-Operating
Income (Expense) 

Non-operating
income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively consists of the following: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Interest expense 
 - 
 (25,375 
 
 Forgiveness of debt 
 47,588 
 136,445 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 
 - 
 (137,038 
 
 Non-operating income (expense) 
 47,588 
 (25,968 

Non-operating
income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022 varied from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a decrease in interest
expense from 25,375 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of conversions and repayments
of notes payable. In addition, the Company converted a note in January 2021 which resulted in a loss on conversion and recognized a gain
on forgiveness of debt on old payables as they satisfied agreements with vendors to pay a portion of the payable with the remaining amount
forgiven in both 2021 and 2022. 

Net
Loss 

Our
net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was (2,470,161) and (2,527,766), respectively. 

24 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of 1,661,044, as compared to working capital of 1,467,383 at December 31, 2021.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company experienced negative cash flow from operations of 1,120,058 and realized 1,220,000
of cash flows from financing activities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any commitments for capital expenditures. 

Cash
used in operating activities increased from 963,819 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,120,058 for the year ended December 31,
2022. Cash used in operating activities was primarily a result of the Company s non-cash items, such as loss from operations, loss
on conversion of debt and share based compensation offset by forgiveness of debt. Cash provided from financing activities decreased from
 1,666,238 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,220,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2021, the Company raised 1,811,238
from sales of common stock and warrants offset by repayments of convertible notes of 50,000 and related party notes of 100,000. In
2022, the Company raise 1,220,000 from sales of common stock and warrants. 

The
Company has generated material operating losses since inception. The Company had a net loss of 2,470,161 for the year ended December
31, 2022, and a net loss of 2,527,766 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company expects to continue to experience net operating
losses for the foreseeable future. Historically, the Company has relied upon investor funds to maintain its operations and develop the
Company s business. The Company anticipates raising additional capital within the next twelve months for working capital as well
as business expansion, although the Company can provide no assurance that additional capital will be available on terms acceptable to
the Company, if at all. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing to meet its working capital requirements, it may have
to curtail its business or cease all operations. 

The
Company requires funding of at least 5 million per year to maintain current operating activities. Over the next 24 months, the Company
believes it will cost approximately 9 million to fund: (1) fund the FDA approval process to conduct human clinical trials, (2) conduct
Phase I, pilot, clinical trials, (3) activate several regional clinics to administer IsoPet across the county, (4) create
an independent production center within the current production site to create a template for future international manufacturing, and
(5) initiate regulatory approval processes outside of the United States. 

The
principal variables in the timing and amount of spending for the brachytherapy products in the next 12 to 24 months will be the FDA s
classification of the Company s brachytherapy products as Class II or Class III devices (or otherwise) and any requirements for
additional studies, which may possibly include clinical studies. Thereafter, the principal variables in the amount of the Company s
spending and its financing requirements would be the timing of any approvals and the nature of the Company s arrangements with
third parties for manufacturing, sales, distribution and licensing of those products and the products success in the U.S. and
elsewhere. The Company intends to fund its activities through strategic transactions such as licensing and partnership agreements or
additional capital raises. 

Although
the Company is seeking to raise additional capital and has engaged in numerous discussions with investment bankers and investors, to
date, the Company has not received firm commitments for the required funding. Based upon its discussions, the Company anticipates that
if the Company is able to obtain the funding required to retire outstanding debt, pay past due payables and maintain its current operating
activities, that the terms associated with such funding will result in material dilution to existing shareholders. 

Recent
geopolitical events, including the inherent instability and volatility in global capital markets, as well as the lack of liquidity in
the capital markets, could impact the Company s ability to obtain financing and its ability to execute its business plan. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer currently works from his home office in virtual communication with key personnel. Cadwell Laboratories, which
is controlled by Carl Cadwell, a director of the Company, provides office space to management on an as-needed basis until such time as
the Company leases permanent office space. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s
financial condition, revenues, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures. 

Accounting
Policies 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates the Company
considers include criteria for stock-based compensation expense, and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

25 

Fixed
Assets 

Fixed
assets are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Production equipment with a cost of 2,500 or greater and other fixed
assets with a cost of 1,500 or greater are capitalized. Major betterments that extend the useful lives of assets are also capitalized.
Normal maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations. 

Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 

Production
 equipment: 
 
 3
 to 7 years 
 
 Office
 equipment: 
 
 2
 to 5 years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures: 
 
 2
 to 5 years 

Leasehold
improvements and capital lease assets are amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the estimated life of the asset. 

Management
of the Company reviews the net carrying value of all of its equipment on an asset by asset basis whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. These reviews consider the net realizable value of each asset, as measured
in accordance with the preceding paragraph, to determine whether impairment in value has occurred, and the need for any asset impairment
write-down. 

License
Fees 

License
fees are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization. Amortization of license fees is computed using the straight-line method over
the estimated economic useful life of the asset. 

Patents
and Intellectual Property 

While
patents are being developed or pending, they are not being amortized. Management has determined that the economic life of the patents
to be ten years and amortization, over such ten-year period and on a straight-line basis will begin once the patents have been issued
and the Company begins utilization of the patents through production and sales, resulting in revenues. 

The
Company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets, including patents and intellectual property on a continual basis. Several
factors are used to evaluate intangibles, including, but not limited to, management s plans for future operations, recent operating
results and projected and expected undiscounted future cash flows. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This standard provides a single set of guidelines for revenue recognition
to be used across all industries and requires additional disclosures. The updated guidance introduces a five-step model to achieve its
core principal of the entity recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company adopted the updated
guidance effective January 1, 2018 using the full retrospective method. 

Under
ASC 606, in order to recognize revenue, the Company is required to identify an approved contract with commitments to preform respective
obligations, identify rights of each party in the transaction regarding goods to be transferred, identify the payment terms for the goods
transferred, verify that the contract has commercial substance and verify that collection of substantially all consideration is probable.
The adoption of ASC 606 did not have an impact on the Company s operations or cash flows. 

The
Company recognized revenue as they (i) identified the contracts with each customer; (ii) identified the performance obligation in each
contract; (iii) determined the transaction price in each contract; (iv) were able to allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract; and (v) recognized revenue upon the satisfaction of the performance obligation. Upon the sales of the product
to complete the procedures on the animals, the Company recognized revenue as that was considered the performance obligation. 

26 

Net
Loss Per Share 

The
Company accounts for its loss per common share by replacing primary and fully diluted earnings per share with basic and diluted earnings
per share. Basic loss per share is computed by dividing loss available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) for the period and does not include the impact of any potentially dilutive common
stock equivalents. The computation of diluted earnings per share is similar to basic earnings per share, except that the denominator
is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive common shares
had been issued. When the Company incurs a loss, the denominator is not increased by the potentially dilutive common shares as the effect
would be anti-dilutive. 

Research
and Development Costs 

Research
and developments costs, including salaries, research materials, administrative expenses and contractor fees, are charged to operations
as incurred. The cost of equipment used in research and development activities which has alternative uses is capitalized as part of fixed
assets and not treated as an expense in the period acquired. Depreciation of capitalized equipment used to perform research and development
is classified as research and development expense in the year computed. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740-10-25 ASC 740-10-25 ). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. 

Under
ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. 

Interest
costs and penalties related to income taxes, if any, will be classified as interest expense and general and administrative costs, respectively,
in the Company s financial statements. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any interest
or penalty expense related to income taxes. The Company believes that it is not reasonably possible for the amounts of unrecognized tax
benefits to significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company adopted ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements as of January 1, 2008 for financial instruments measured
as fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820 defines fair value, established a framework for measuring fair value in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 established a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). These tiers include: 

- 
 Level
 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; 

- 
 Level
 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted
 prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active;
 and 

- 
 Level
 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions,
 such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company recognizes compensation costs under FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation and ASU 2018-07. Companies are
required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize
the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share based compensation
arrangements include stock options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share appreciation rights and employee share purchase
plans. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized
over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. 

27 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

This
item is not applicable to the Company because the Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

All
financial information required by this Item is included on the pages immediately following the Index to Financial Statements appearing
on page F-1 and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

28 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Based
on an evaluation as of the date of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Interim
Chief Financial Officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Interim
Chief Financial Officer concluded that, because of the disclosed material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Interim Chief Financial
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using
the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that
a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As a result of management s
assessment, management has determined that there are material weaknesses due to the lack of segregation of duties and, due to the limited
resources based on the size of the Company. Due to the material weaknesses management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. In order to address and resolve the weaknesses, the Company will endeavor
to locate and appoint additional qualified personnel to the board of directors and pertinent officer positions as the Company s
financial means allow. To date, the Company s limited financial resources have not allowed the Company to hire the additional personnel
necessary to address the material weaknesses. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

29 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s last fiscal
quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the registrant s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the registrant s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes
those policies and procedures that: 

(a) 
 Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the registrant; 

(b) 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the registrant are being made only in accordance
 with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and 

(c) 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the registrant s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

30 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
Company s current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Michael
 K. Korenko 
 
 76 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 Michael
 Pollack 
 
 56 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Carlton
 M. Cadwell 
 
 78 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Secretary 

Term
of Office 

All
the Company s directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors is elected and
qualified. The Company s executive officers are appointed by the Company s board of directors and hold office until their
resignation, removal, death or retirement. 

Background
and Business Experience 

The
business experience during the past five years of each of the Company s directors and executive officers is as follows: 

Dr.
Michael K. Korenko , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since December 2016, and a member of the Board of Directors
since August 2017, joined the Company as an Advisor to the Board of the Company during 2009 and served as member of the Board from May
2009 to March 2010. Dr. Korenko has also served on the Hanford Advisory Board since 2009. Dr. Korenko served as Business Development
Manager for Curtiss-Wright from 2006 to 2009, as Chief Operating Officer for Curtiss-Wright from 2000 to 2005 and was Executive Vice
President of Closure for Safe Sites of Colorado at Rocky Flats from 1994 to 2000. Dr. Korenko served as Vice President of Westinghouse
from 1987 to 1994 and was responsible for the 300 and 400 areas, including the Fast Flux Testing Facility FFTF and all engineering, safety analysis, and projects for the Hanford site. 

Dr.
Korenko is the author of 28 patents and has received many awards, including the National Energy Resources Organization Research and Development
Award, the U.S. Steelworkers Award for Excellence in Promoting Safety, and the Westinghouse Total Quality Award for Performance Manager
of the Year. Dr. Korenko has a Doctor of Science from MIT, was a NATO Postdoctoral Fellow at Oxford University, and was selected as a
White House Fellow for the Department of Defense, reporting to Secretary Cap Weinberger. 

Dr.
Korenko brings to the Board over seven years experience working with and advising various small businesses, including companies
involved in turnarounds. Dr. Korenko has also been involved as an advisor to the Company since 2009 in the development of medical isotopes. 

Carlton
M. Cadwell , Chairman of the Board and Secretary since December 2016, joined the Company as a director in 2006. Dr. Cadwell
brings over 30 years of experience in business management, strategic planning, and implementation. He co-founded Cadwell Laboratories,
Inc. in 1979 and has served as its President since its inception. Cadwell Laboratories, Inc. is a major international provider of neurodiagnostic
medical devices. After receiving his bachelor s degree from the University of Oregon in 1966 and a doctoral degree from the University
of Washington in 1970, he began his career serving in the United States Army as a dentist for three years. From 1973 to 1980, Dr. Cadwell
practiced dentistry in private practice and since has started several businesses. 

Mr.
Cadwell brings to the Board over ten years of service on the Board and over forty-five years of experience as a successful entrepreneur,
as well as medical expertise. 

Michael
Pollack CPA, the Interim Chief Financial Officer, joined the Company as interim Chief Financial Officer in December 2018. Mr.
Pollack has been a partner in a certified public accounting firm for the past fifteen years and specializes in accounting and auditing
for small public companies. Mr. Pollack has approximately 30 years of experience in public accounting and consulting to over 100 publicly
traded and 250 private companies. Mr. Pollack has also held CFO and Controller positions in an array of industries. Mr. Pollack graduated
from the University of Maryland with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics. Mr. Pollack is a member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, as well as licensed to practice in New Jersey, and New York. 

31 

Identification
of Significant Consultants 

David
J. Swanberg, M.S., P.E. Mr. Swanberg has over 30 years experience in radiochemical processing, medical isotope production,
nuclear waste management, materials science, regulatory affairs, and project management. Mr. Swanberg has worked in diverse organizations
ranging from small start-up businesses to corporations with multi-billion dollar annual revenues. From 2005 to 2008, he served as Executive
Vice President of Operations and as a member of the Board of Directors for IsoRay Medical Inc. from 2005 to 2008 managing day-to-day
operations, R D, and New Product Development. Mr. Swanberg was a co-founder of IsoRay and led the initial Cs-131 brachytherapy seed
product development, FDA 510(k) submission/clearance, and NRC Sealed Source review and registration. Mr. Swanberg led the radiation dosimetry
evaluations to meet American Association of Physicists in Medicine guidelines and is a current member of the AAPM. Mr. Swanberg and participated
in several capital financing rounds totaling over 30.0 million. Mr. Swanberg also served as Assistant General Manager of IsoRay LLC
from 2000 to 2003, and in additionally in key management roles as IsoRay transitioned from IsoRay LLC to IsoRay Medical, Inc. Mr. Swanberg
holds a BA in Chemistry from Bethel University (MN) and an MS in Chemical Engineering from Montana State University. Mr. Swanberg has
numerous technical publications and holds several patents. 

Medical
and Veterinarian Advisory Boards 

Dr.
Barry D. Pressman MD, FACR - Chairman Medical Advisory Board. Dr. Pressman is Professor and Chairman of the S. Mark Taper Foundation
Imaging Centre and Department, and Chief of the Section of Neuroradiology and Head and Neck Radiology at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center ,
located in Los Angeles, California. 

Dr.
Pressman is a past President of The American College of Radiology, the Western Neuroradiological Society, as well as past President of
the California Radiological Society. Currently he is a member of the American Society of Neuroradiology and the American Society of Pediatric
Neuroradiology. 

Dr.
Pressman earned his medical degree Cum Laude from Harvard Medical School after graduating Summa Cum Laude from Dartmouth College. After
a surgical internship at Harvard s Peter Bent Brigham Hospital in Boston, he completed a diagnostic radiology residency at Columbia-Presbyterian
Medical Center in New York and a Neuroradiology fellowship at George Washington University Hospital. During this period, he wrote many
original papers for Computer Tomography (CT). 

Dr.
Albert S. DeNittis MD, MS, FCPP - Medical Advisory Board. Dr. Albert S. DeNittis is currently is the Chief of Radiation Oncology
at Lankenau Medical Center and Clinical Professor at Lankenau Institute for Medical Research in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania and the Director
of Radiation Oncology at Brodesseur Cancer Center in New Jersey. He is also the Principal Investigator and in charge of a grant awarded
by the NIH for its National Cancer Oncology Research Program (NCORP) at Main Line Health. Dr. DeNittis practice experience includes
image-guided radiosurgery, stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT), intensity modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), image guided radiation
therapy (IGRT), high-dose rate (HDR) brachytherapy, cranial and extracranial stereotactic radiosurgery, respiratory gating, and Cyberknife. 

Dr.
DeNittis has served on numerous regional, national and government committees related to key issues in Dr. DeNittis earned a BA and a
MS at Rutgers University and a MD from the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.
He completed postdoctoral training internships and residency at the Department of Radiation Oncology at the Hospital of the University
of Pennsylvania. Dr. DeNittis is board certified by the American Board of Radiology and Licensed in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. 

Dr.
Alice Villalobos, DVM, FNAP - Chair of the Veterinary Medicine Advisory Board. Dr. Alice Villalobos is a well-known pioneer in
the field of cancer care for companion animals and a founding member of the Veterinary Cancer Society. A 1972 graduate of UC Davis, she
completed Dr. Gordon Theilen s first mock residency program in oncology and has served the profession by consulting, writing and
lecturing in the rapidly growing field of veterinary oncology and end of life care. 

32 

Dr.
Alice Villalobos is President Emeritus of the Society for Veterinary Medical Ethics, Past President of the American Association of Human
Animal Bond Veterinarians and Chair of the Veterinary Academy for the National Academies of Practice. She operated Coast Pet Clinic/Animal
Cancer Center for 25 years, which is now VCA Coast Animal Hospital. She is the author of numerous articles, papers, and including her
classic veterinarian textbook, Canine and Feline Geriatric Oncology: Honoring the Human-Animal Bond. She has lectured worldwide on oncology,
quality of life, the human-animal bond and end of life care and bioethics. She founded Pawspice, an end of life care program that embraces
kinder, gentler palliative cancer medicine and integrative care for pets with cancer and terminal illness (www.Pawspice.com). Dr. Alice
is Director of Animal Oncology Consultation Service in Woodland Hill, California and Pawspice at VCA Coast Animal Hospital in Hermosa
Beach, California. Dr. Alice was elected 2016 Hermosa Beach Woman of the Year. 

Dr.
Villalobos role with the Company is to support the commercialization of the Company s yttrium-90 brachytherapy products
for use in companion animals. 

Dr.
Richard Weller, DVM, DACVIM (Internal Medicine; Oncology) DipMS - Veterinary Medicine Advisory Board Member . Prior to his retirement
in 2014, Dr. Weller was a Senior Program Manager in the Radiation Biology Group of the Biological Sciences Division at Pacific Northwest
National Laboratory (PNNL), where he was involved in the development of RadioGel. A 1973 graduate of Washington State University. Dr.
Weller has extensive experience in designing and executing clinical studies, treatment planning, mechanisms of carcinogenesis, radiation
biology, targeted delivery systems for chemotherapeutic and radio-therapeutic agents, bio-markers of disease, and comparative oncology;
as well as over 30 years of experience developing and using animal models, including the use of spontaneous tumors in companion animals,
for bio-medical applications. 

Dr.
Weller is board-certified by the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine in Internal Medicine (1980) and Oncology (1987), Past
Chairperson of the Organizing Committee for the Specialty of Veterinary Medical Oncology, Past Chairperson of the Board of Regents of
the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine, Past President of the Board of Regents of the American College of Veterinary Internal
Medicine, Past President of the Specialty of Oncology, and a Charter Member of the Veterinary Cancer Society which he served as Treasurer
for 16 years. He is an Honorary Professor of the Institute of Veterinary Medicine in Kyiv, Ukraine. Dr. Weller has lectured and trained
veterinarians worldwide and has authored or co-authored over 250 articles, technical reports, book chapters, and presentations in his
fields of expertise. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s executive officers, directors and persons who own more than
10 of the Company s common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of beneficial ownership on Form 3, changes in beneficial
ownership on Form 4, and an annual statement of beneficial ownership on Form 5. Such executive officers, directors and greater than 10 
stockholders are required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all such forms that they have filed. 

Based
solely on its review of such forms filed with the SEC and received by the Company and representations from certain reporting persons,
the Company believes that all reports required to be filed by each of each of its executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders
were filed during the year ended December 31, 2022 and that such reports were timely. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company s Board of Directors has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, because of the Company s limited
number of executive officers and employees that would be covered by such a code and the Company s limited financial resources.
The Company anticipates that it will adopt a code of ethics after it increases the number of executive officers and employees and obtain
additional financial resources. 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

As
of the date of this report, the Company has not established an audit committee, and therefore, the Company s full board of directors
performs the functions that customarily would be undertaken by an audit committee. The Company s board of directors during 2022
and 2021 was comprised of two directors, one of whom the Company had determined satisfied the general independence standards of the NASDAQ
listing requirements. 

33 

The
Company s Board of Directors has determined that none of its current members qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined by the rules of the SEC. In the future, the Company intends to establish board committees and to appoint such persons to those
committees as are necessary to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by a national securities exchange, although it is not
required to comply with such requirements until the Company elects to seek listing on a national securities exchange. 

Board
of Directors; Attendance at Meetings 

The
Board held no meetings and acted by unanimous written consent two times during the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2021, we conducted
no board of director meetings and acted by unanimous written consent two times. We have no formal policy with respect to the attendance
of Board members at annual meetings of shareholders but encourage all incumbent directors and director nominees to attend each annual
meeting of shareholders. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and those executive officers that earned
in excess of 100,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ): 

Name and Principal Position (1) 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (2) 
 Total ) 

Dr. Michael K. Korenko 
 2022 
 230,625 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 260,625 
 
 CEO, President and Director 
 2021 
 225,000 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 255,000 

(1) 
 Michael
 Pollack began serving as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer in December 2018 and was paid no compensation directly
 in 2021 or 2022. Accordingly, he has not been included in this table. 

(2) 
 The
 amounts in this column represent the grant date fair value of stock option awards, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Dr.
Michael K. Korenko. On October 24, 2018, Mr. Korenko entered into an employment agreement with the Company (the Old Employment
Agreement ), which was scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2019. On June 4, 2019, Mr. Korenko and the Company entered into
a new employment agreement, effective June 11, 2019, which shall terminate on December 31, 2020 and December 31 of subsequent years (the
 Termination Date if the agreement is extended pursuant to its terms. Under the terms of his employment agreement,
the Company may terminate Dr. Korenko s employment either with or without cause prior to the Termination Date, but in the event
of a termination without cause, Dr. Korenko shall be entitled to receive monthly payments of his base salary for a period of six months
thereafter, all of Dr. Korenko s outstanding options, if any, shall vest, and Dr. Korenko shall be entitled to receive all past
due compensation within three weeks of the date of termination. 

The
Company shall pay to Dr. Korenko an annual base compensation of 180,000, which is payable in equal monthly intervals. Of the 180,000
in annual base salary, 60,000 of annual pay shall be deferred and accrued until the Company s cash balance exceeds 1,000,000,
which occurred in December 2020. Dr. Korenko s employment agreement provides that he shall receive a stock option grant issued
under the Company s 2015 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan in an amount equal to 21 million options ten days after the Company s
1-for-8 reverse split, which was consummated in late June 2019. The options shall have a seven-year term, shall be exercisable at a price
of 0.024 per share, and shall vest as follows: 50 shall vest in equal amounts at the end of each quarter for the two quarters after
grant date, 25 shall vest upon the Company filing for a patent, and the remaining 25 shall vest upon the first commercial sale of IsoPet.
In December 2020, Mr. Korenko exercised 2,500,000 of these options for 60,000. 

34 

The
Company paid bonuses to certain employees based on their performance, the Company s need to retain such employees, and funds available.
All bonus payments were approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

On
June 4, 2019, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement Employment Agreement with Dr. Michael K. Korenko,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The employment term under the Employment Agreement commenced with an effective date of June
11, 2019 and expires on December 31, 2020, and December 31 of each successive year if the Employment Agreement is extended, unless terminated
earlier as set forth in the Employment Agreement. The Company on December 31, 2020 extended this agreement through December 31, 2021
while renegotiating terms of a new Employment Agreement. On May 3, 2021, the Company and the Chief Executive Officer agreed the terms
of a new Employment Agreement with an effective date of January 1, 2021 that has a term of three years and expires December 31, 2023. 

Under
the terms of the Employment Agreement, the Company shall pay to Dr. Korenko a base compensation of 225,000. In addition, there is a
discretionary bonus to be earned in the amount of 7,500 per quarter upon the satisfaction of conditions to be determined by the Board
of Directors of the Company. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The
following table sets forth all outstanding equity awards held by the Company s Named Executive Officers as of the end of last fiscal
year. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options(#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Exercise Date 
 
 NONE 

Compensation
of Directors 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s non-employee directors were not paid any compensation. 

The
following table sets forth, for each of the Company s non-employee directors who served during 2022, the aggregate number of stock
awards and the aggregate number of stock option awards that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Outstanding 
 Outstanding 

Stock 
 Stock 
 
 Name 
 Awards (#) 
 Options (#) 
 
 Carlton M. Cadwell 
 - 
 - 

During
June 2016, the Company granted to Mr. Cadwell options to purchase 12,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 8.00 per share,
which options expired June 21, 2019. These options had a grant date fair value of 34,771, which amounts were calculated in accordance
with ASC Topic 718. 

Additionally,
the Company granted warrants to purchase 6,425,503 shares of Company common stock to Carlton Cadwell in 2018 as a result of the Path
Forward Agreements and conversion of his advances to the Company. These warrants expired in October 2020. 

There
are no employment contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to any director that would result in payments by the Company
to such person because of his or her resignation as a director or any change in control of the Company. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or has served during the last completed fiscal year, on the compensation committee or board of directors
of any other entity that has one or more officers serving as a member of our board of directors. 

35 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Beneficial
Ownership of the Company s Common Stock 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 1, 2023, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the following persons: (i)
all persons the Company knows to be beneficial owners of at least 5 of the Company s common stock, (ii) the Company s current
directors, (iii) the Company s current executive officers, and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group. 

As
of March 1, 2023, there were 362,541,528 shares of common stock outstanding and up to 64,762,379 shares issuable upon exercise of common
stock equivalents, assuming exercise and conversion occurred as of that date, for a total of 427,303,907 shares. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Cadwell Family Irrevocable Trust 
 26,912 

Carlton M. Cadwell (3) 
 15,406,979 
 3.61 

Michael K. Korenko (4) 
 24,885,090 
 5.83 

Michael Pollack 
 16,000 

All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a group (3 individuals) 
 40,334,981 
 9.44 

Less
than 1 

(1) 
 The
 address of each of the beneficial owners above is c/o Vivos Inc, 719 Jadwin Avenue, Richland, WA 99336, except that the address of
 the Cadwell Family Irrevocable Trust (the Cadwell Trust is 909 North Kellogg Street, Kennewick, WA 99336. 

(2) 
 In
 determining beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock as of a given date, the number of shares shown includes shares
 of common stock which may be acquired upon exercise of the common stock equivalents within 60 days of that date. In determining the
 percent of common stock owned by a person or entity on March 1, 2023, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially
 owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of the common stock equivalents,
 and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on March 1, 2023, and (ii) the total number
 of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon conversion of the common stock equivalents. Subject to community property laws
 where applicable, the Company believes that each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares, except that under
 the terms of the Cadwell Trust, Dr. Cadwell does not have or share voting or investment power over the shares beneficially owned
 by the Cadwell Trust. 

(3) 
 Includes
 1,136,137 shares issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred; and 4,816,275 shares issuable upon conversion of Series C Preferred,
 and 2,316,830 shares of common stock issued to AMIC Gift, LLC, an LLC controlled by Carlton and his wife. 

(4) 
 Includes
 15,000,000 shares issuable for vested RSUs. 

36 

Beneficial
Ownership of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

As
of March 1, 2023, there were 2,071,007 shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding, convertible into 2,588,758 shares of the
Company s common stock. 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 1, 2023, the number of shares of Series A Preferred beneficially owned by the following persons:
(i) all persons the Company known to be beneficial owners of at least 5 of the Company s Series A Preferred, (ii) the Company s
current directors, (iii) the Company s current executive officers, and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Cadwell Family Irrevocable Trust 
 148,309 
 7.16 

Carlton M. Cadwell 
 908,910 
 43.89 

Michael K. Korenko 
 - 
 - 

All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a group (2 individuals) (3) 
 1,057,219 
 51.05 

Major Shareholder(s): 

L. Bruce Jolliff 
 197,979 
 9.56 

Stoel Rives 
 133,333 
 6.44 

(1) 
 The
 address of each of the beneficial owners above is c/o Vivos Inc, 719 Jadwin Avenue, Richland, WA 99336, except that the address of
 (i) the Cadwell Family Irrevocable Trust (the Cadwell Trust is 909 North Kellogg Street, Kennewick, WA 99336;
 (ii) L. Bruce Jolliff is 206 N 41st St. Unit 1, Yakima, WA 98901; and (iii) Stoel Rives is One Union Square, 600 University Street,
 Suite 3600, Seattle, WA 98101. 

(2) 
 Subject
 to community property laws where applicable, the Company believes that each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of
 its shares, except that Dr. Cadwell under the terms of the Cadwell Trust does not have or share voting or investment power over the
 Series A Convertible Preferred beneficially owned by the Cadwell Trust. 

(3) 
 Michael
 Pollack, the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer, does not hold any Company Series A Convertible Preferred, and has therefore
 been omitted from this table. 

37 

Beneficial
Ownership of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

As
of March 1, 2023, there were 200,363 shares of Series B Preferred issued and outstanding, convertible into 2,504.538 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 1, 2023, the number of shares of Series B Preferred beneficially owned by the following persons:
(i) all persons the Company known to be beneficial owners of at least 5 of the Company s Series B Preferred, (ii) the Company s
current directors, (iii) the Company s current executive officers, and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a group (3 individuals) 
 - 

Major Shareholder(s): 

Jason Adelman (3) 
 200,000 
 99 

Less
than 1 

(1) 
 None
 of the Company s directors and executive officers hold any shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred, and
 they have therefore been omitted from this table. The address of the beneficial owners is as follows: (i) Jason Adelman (JTA Resources
 LLC. is 40 East 66th St., New York, NY 10065. 

(2) 
 Subject
 to community property laws where applicable, the Company believes that each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of
 its shares. 

(3) 
 Represents
 200,000 shares of Series B Preferred held by JTA Resources LLC. 

Beneficial
Ownership of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

As
of March 1, 2023, there were 385,302 shares of Series C Preferred issued and outstanding, convertible into 4,816,275 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 1, 2023, the number of shares of Series C Preferred beneficially owned by the following persons:
(i) all persons the Company known to be beneficial owners of at least 5 of the Company s Series C Preferred, (ii) the Company s
current directors, (iii) the Company s current executive officers, and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Carlton M. Cadwell 
 385,302 
 100 
 
 All Current Directors and Executive Officers as a group (3 individuals) (3) 
 385,302 
 100 

(1) 
 The
 address of each of the beneficial owners above is c/o Vivos Inc, 719 Jadwin Avenue, Richland, WA 99336., 

(2) 
 Subject
 to community property laws where applicable, the Company believes that each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of
 its shares, except that Dr. Cadwell under the terms of the Cadwell Trust does not have or share voting or investment power over the
 Series C Preferred beneficially owned by the Cadwell Trust. 

(3) 
 Neither
 Michael Korenko, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, nor Michael Pollack, the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer,
 hold any shares of the Company s Series C Preferred, and they have therefore been omitted from this table. 

Changes
in Control 

The
Company does not know of any arrangements, including any pledges of the Company s securities that may result in a change in control
of the Company. 

38 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Indebtedness
from Related Parties 

On
January 24, 2019, the Company entered into a note payable with a trust related to Mr. Cadwell in the amount of 60,000. The note is for
a one-year period maturing January 24, 2020 and bears interest at an annual rate of 8.0 . This note was converted into shares of common
stock in December 2021. 

On
March 27, 2019 the Company entered into a note payable with a trust related to Mr. Cadwell in the amount of 48,000. The note is for
a one-year period maturing March 27, 2020 and bears interest at an annual rate of 8.0 . This note was repaid in December 2021. 

On
April 29, 2019, the Company entered into a note payable with a trust related to Mr. Cadwell in the amount of 29,000. The note is for
a one-year period maturing April 29, 2020 and bears interest at an annual rate of 8.0 . This note was repaid in December 2021. 

On
May 20, 2019 and May 23, 2019, Mr. Korenko advanced 20,000 collectively to the Company. Mr. Korenko is not charging interest on these
amounts advanced and they are short-term advances, due on demand. Of this amount 5,000 was repaid and the balance of 15,000 was converted
into a convertible note payable at an annual interest rate of 8 due January 15, 2020. This note was converted in April 2020. 

On
July 5, 2019, the Company entered into a note payable with a trust related to Mr. Cadwell in the amount of 50,000. The note is for a
one-year period maturing July 5, 2020 and bears interest at an annual rate of 8.0 . Of this amount, 23,000 was paid in December 2021,
and the balance was converted into shares of common stock in December 2021. 

On
November 25, 2019, the Company entered into a note payable with a trust related to Mr. Cadwell in the amount of 50,000. The note is
for a one-year period maturing November 25, 2020 and bears interest at an annual rate of 8.0 . This note was converted into shares of
common stock in December 2021. 

The
Company borrowed 107,000 in the year ended December 31, 2020 from its CEO and repaid these amounts in full. 

Independent
Directors 

The
Company s common stock is traded on the OTCQB Marketplace, which does not impose any independence requirements on the Board of
Directors or the board committees of the companies whose stock is traded on that market. The Company has decided to adopt the independence
standards of the Nasdaq listing rules in determining whether the Company s directors are independent. Generally, under those rules
a director does not qualify as an independent director if the director or a member of the director s immediate family has had in
the past three years certain relationships or affiliations with the Company, the Company s auditors, or other companies that do
business with the Company. The Company s Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Cadwell is qualified as an independent director
under those Nasdaq rules, and accordingly, would have been qualified under those rules to serve on a compensation committee or a nominating
committee, if the Company had established such committees of the Company s Board of Directors. Dr. Korenko is not an independent
director due to his employment by the Company as an executive officer. 

39 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees incurred by the Company s principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements,
review of financial statements included in the quarterly reports and other fees that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 42,250 and 36,000, respectively,
all of which was paid to Fruci Associates II, PLLC. 

Audit
Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s
financial statements but are not reported Audit Fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the amounts of 0
and 2,250, respectively. All services performed by the Company s Registered Public Accounting Firm, Fruci Associates II,
PLLC have been pre-approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3,250 and 3,250, respectively, all of which was paid to Fruci Associates II,
PLLC. 

All
Other Fees 

Other
fees billed for products or services provided by the Company s principal accountant during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 There were no fees incurred to Fruci Associates II, PLLC related to all other fees. 

40 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this Report. 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements . The Vivos Inc. Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Statements of Operations for the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021, and the Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the notes thereto and the
 reports of Fruci Associates II, PLLC as required by Item 8 are included in this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K as set forth
 in Item 8 above. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules . All financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required or not applicable,
 or because the information required is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits .
 The following exhibits are either filed as a part hereof or are incorporated by reference. Exhibit numbers correspond to the numbering
 system in Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Savage Mountain Sports Corporation, dated January 11, 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497) filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497) filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation changing the name of the Company to Advanced Medical Isotope Corporation, dated May 23, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497) filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation increasing authorized capital dated September 26, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497) filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation increasing authorized common stock and authorizing preferred stock, dated May 18, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2011). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation authorizing a series of Preferred Stock to be named Series A Convertible Preferred Stock , consisting of 2,500,000 shares, which series shall have specific designations, powers, preferences and relative and other special rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as outlined in the Certificate of Designations, filed June 30, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2015). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation increasing the authorized series of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to 5,000,000 shares, filed March 31, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2016). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation authorizing a series of Preferred Stock to be named Series B Convertible Preferred Stock , consisting of 5,000,000 shares, which series shall have specific designations, powers, preferences and relative and other special rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as outlined in the Certificate of Designations, filed October 10, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2018). 

41 

4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2018). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of December 15, 1998, by and among HHH Entertainment, Inc. and Earth Sports Products, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497) filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger of HHH Entertainment, Inc. and Savage Mountain Sports Corporation, dated as of January 6, 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497), filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Acquisition by and between Neu-Hope Technologies, Inc., UTEK Corporation and Advanced Medical Isotope Corporation, dated September 22, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497), filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Acquisition by and between Isonics Corporation and Advanced Medical Isotope Corporation dated June 13, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G (File No. 000-53497), filed on November 12, 2008). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2012). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note dated December 16, 2008 between Advanced Medical Isotope Corporation and Carlton M. Cadwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2012). 
 
 10.7 
 
 2015 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed May 25, 2016). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Washington State University Sub-Award Agreement for the period December 15, 2017 through January 31, 2018.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 2, 2018). 
 
 10.9 
 
 The Curators of the University of Missouri Sponsored Research Contract for the period November 1, 2017 through October 31, 2018. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 2, 2018). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2018). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Vivos Inc. and Michael Korenko, dated June 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.18 to the Company s Offering Statement on Form 1-A filed on July 29, 2019). 
 
 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Sec. 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (4) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sec. 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (4) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (4) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VIVOS
 INC. 

Date:
 March 1, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael K. Korenko 

Name: 
 Michael
 K. Korenko 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 March 1, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael K. Korenko 

Name: 
 Michael
 K. Korenko 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 1, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Pollack 

Name: 
 Michael
 Pollack 

Title:
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 March 1, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Carlton M. Cadwell 

Name:
 
 Carlton
 M. Cadwell 

Title:
 
 Secretary
 and Chairman of the Board 

43 

Vivos
Inc. 

 Index
to Financial Statements 

Pages 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 F-1 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flow for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

44 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Vivos, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Vivos, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses, has utilized significant cash in operations, and its cash position
is not sufficient to support operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Equity
Transactions (Notes 4 and 5 to the financial statements) 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

The
Company s evaluation of common shares issuances, including in exchange for stock warrants involved complexity and judgement in
applying the relevant accounting standards when auditing management s conclusions on the classification and recognition of warrants
on issuance and on exercise and equity transactions upon issuance. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s calculation and recording of common share issuances included the following: 

We
 evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management s methods and assumptions
 used in the identification, recognition, measurement, and disclosure of considerations of
 the underlying warrants and share issuances during the year, including the classification
 with respect to the terms and in considering applicable generally accepted accounting standards. 
 
 We
 read the applicable agreements and compared the key terms to management s analysis
 of the transaction. 
 
 We
 read, evaluated, and tested the reasonableness of management s calculation utilized
 in the determination of common shares issued, including exchange for stock warrants. 
 
 We
 evaluated whether management had appropriately considered new information that could significantly
 change the measurement or disclosure of common shares issued including exchange for stock
 warrants, and evaluated the disclosures related to the financial statement impacts of the
 transactions. 
 
 We
 reviewed current and subsequent period accounting records and third-party documentation to
 identify unrecorded equity transactions. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

March
 1, 2023 

F- 2 

VIVOS
INC 

 CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

DECEMBER 31, 
 DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value, , shares authorized, Series A Convertible Preferred, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital - Series A Convertible preferred stock 

Series B Convertible Preferred, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital - Series B Convertible preferred stock 

Series C Convertible Preferred, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Preferred stock value 

Additional paid in capital - Series C Convertible preferred stock 

Additional
 paid in capital - Convertible preferred stock 

Common stock, par value, , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital - common stock 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

F- 3 

VIVOS
INC 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues, net 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Professional fees, including stock-based compensation 

Payroll expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

OPERATING LOSS 

NON-OPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 
 - 

Forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment 

Total Non-Operating Income (Expenses) 

NET LOSS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

F- 4 

VIVOS
INC 

 STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 

Additional 

Additional 

Paid-In 

Paid-In 

Paid-In 
 
 Additional 

Series
 A Preferred 
 Capital
 - Series A 
 Series
 B Preferred 
 Capital
 - Series B 
 Series
 C Preferred 
 Capital
 - Series C 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In
 Capital - 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Preferred 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Preferred 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Preferred 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Common 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance
 - December 31, 2020 

Stock
 issued for: 

Cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Note
 conversions/settlements 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Accounts
 payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock
 option exercises 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 RSUs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrant
 exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 of preferred shares to common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrants
 purchased for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

RSUs
 granted to consultants that have vested 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Stock
 issued for: 

Cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Accounts
 payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Fractional
 adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Warrant
 exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrants
 purchased for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

RSUs
 granted to consultants that have vested 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

VIVOS
INC 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Common stock, stock options and warrants for services 

RSUs issued for services 

(Gain) loss on conversion of debt 

Forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Payroll liabilities 
 - 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payments of convertible debt 
 - 

Payments of related party notes 
 - 

Proceeds from common stock and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH - BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH - END OF PERIOD 

CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: 

Interest expense 
 - 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION - NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Conversion of preferred stock for common stock 
 - 

Conversion of notes payable and accrued interest for common and common
 stock 
 - 

Conversion of notes payable and accrued interest into common stock 
 - 

Common stock issued in cashless exercise of warrants 

RSUs vested into common stock 
 - 

Accounts payable converted into shares of common stock 

Stock options exercised for recission of common and preferred stock 
 - 

Common stock issued in settlement of accounts payable - related parties 
 - 

RSUs vested into common stock 
 - 

F- 6 

Vivos
Inc. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and 
shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

Our
principal place of business is located at 719 Jadwin Avenue, Richland, WA 99352. Our telephone number is (509) 736-4000. Our corporate
website address is http://www.radiogel.com. Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace under the symbol RDGL. 

The
Company is a radiation oncology medical device company engaged in the development of its yttrium-90 based brachytherapy device, RadioGel ,
for the treatment of non-resectable tumors. A prominent team of radiochemists, scientists and engineers, collaborating with strategic
partners, including national laboratories, universities and private corporations, lead the Company s development efforts. The Company s
overall vision is to globally empower physicians, medical researchers and patients by providing them with new isotope technologies that
offer safe and effective treatments for cancer. 

In
January 2018, the Center for Veterinary Medicine Product Classification Group ruled that RadioGel should be classified
as a device for animal therapy of feline sarcomas and canine soft tissue sarcomas. Additionally, after a legal review, the Company believes
that the device classification obtained from the Food and Drug Administration FDA Center for Veterinary Medicine
is not limited to canine and feline sarcomas, but rather may be extended to a much broader population of veterinary cancers, including
all or most solid tumors in animals. We expect the result of such classification and label review will be that no additional regulatory
approvals are necessary for the use of IsoPet for the treatment of solid tumors in animals. The FDA does not have premarket
authority over devices with a veterinary classification, and the manufacturers are responsible for assuring that the product is safe,
effective, properly labeled, and otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 

Based
on the FDA s recommendation, RadioGel will be marketed as IsoPet for use by veterinarians
to avoid any confusion between animal and human therapy. The Company already has trademark protection for the IsoPet 
name. IsoPet and RadioGel are used synonymously throughout this document. The only distinction between
IsoPet and RadioGel is the FDA s recommendation that we use IsoPet 
for veterinarian usage, and reserve RadioGel for human therapy. Based on these developments, the Company
has shifted its primary focus to the development and marketing of Isopet for animal therapy, through the Company s
IsoPet Solutions division. 

The
testing at the University of Missouri met its objective to demonstrate the safety of IsoPet . Using its advanced CT and
PET equipment it was able to demonstrate that the dose calculations were accurate and that the injections perfused into the cell interstices
and did not stay concentrated in a bolus. This results in a more homogeneous dose distribution. There was insignificant spread of Y-90
outside the points of injection demonstrating the effectiveness of the particles and the gel to localize the radiation with no spreading
to the blood or other organs nor to urine or fecal material. This confirms that IsoPet is safe for same day therapy. 

The
effectiveness of IsoPet for life extension was not the prime objective, but it resulted in valuable insights. Of the
cases one is still cancer-free but the others eventually recurred since there was not a strong focus on treating the margins. The University
of Missouri has agreed to become a regional center to administer IsoPet therapy and will incorporate the improvements
suggested by the testing program. 

The
Company anticipates that future profits, if any, will be derived from direct sales of RadioGel (under the name IsoPet and related services, and from licensing to private medical and veterinary clinics in the U.S. and internationally. The Company intends
to report the results from the IsoPet Solutions division as a separate operating segment in accordance with GAAP. 

Commencing
in July 2019, the Company recognized its first commercial sale of IsoPet . A veterinarian from Alaska brought his cat
with a re-occurrent spindle cell sarcoma tumor on his face. The cat had previously received external beam therapy, but now the tumor
was growing rapidly. He was given a high dose of 400Gy with heavy therapy at the margins. This sale met the revenue recognition requirements
under ASC 606 as the performance obligation was satisfied. The Company completed sales for an additional four animals that received the
IsoPet during 2019. 

Our
plan is to incorporate the data assembled from our work with Isopet in animal therapy to support the Company s
efforts in the development of our RadioGel device candidate, including obtaining approval from the FDA to market
and sell RadioGel as a Class II medical device. RadioGel is an injectable particle-gel for brachytherapy
radiation treatment of cancerous tumors in people and animals. RadioGel is comprised of a hydrogel, or a substance
that is liquid at room temperature and then gels when reaching body temperature after injection into a tumor. In the gel are small, less
than two microns, yttrium-90 phosphate particles Y-90 ). Once injected, these inert particles are locked in place
inside the tumor by the gel, delivering a very high local radiation dose. The radiation is beta, consisting of high-speed electrons.
These electrons only travel a short distance so the device can deliver high radiation to the tumor with minimal dose to the surrounding
tissue. Optimally, patients can go home immediately following treatment without the risk of radiation exposure to family members. Since
Y-90 has a 

The
Company modified its Indication for Use from skin cancel to cancerous tissue or solid tumors pathologically associated with locoregional
papillary thyroid carcinoma and recurrent papillary thyroid carcinoma having discernable tumors associated with metastatic lymph nodes
or extranodal disease in patients who are not surgical candidates or who have declined surgery, or patients who require post-surgical
remnant ablation (for example, after prior incomplete radioiodine therapy). Papillary thyroid carcinoma belongs to the general class
of head and neck tumors for which tumors are accessible by intraoperative direct needle injection. The Company s Medical Advisory
Board felt that demonstrating efficacy in clinical trials was much easier with this new indication. 

We
filed a hydrogel utility patent in the USA (16309:17/943,311) and internationally (16389:PCT/US22/4374) based on the last eighteen months
of development work to optimize our hydrogel component. These include reducing the polymer production time and increasing the output
by a factor of three. We have also further reduced the level of trace contaminants to be well below the FDA guidelines. 

We
filed a provisional patent (Serial Number 63436562) to protect our innovative improvements in our shipping container, our vial shield,
our syringe shield, and our Peltier chiller. Our objectives were to reduce shipping costs, decrease radiation exposure, and enhance sterility.
These devices will be preferentially used at Mayo Clinics for human clinical studies at and our IsoPet regional treatment centers. 

We
anticipate that Precison Radionuclide Therapy will become increasingly important in the future and expand to other isotope and other
indications for use. Therefore, we filed an alternate particle utility patent (Serial number 18/152,137). Vivos Inc will focus its near-term
effort on the Yttrium-90 therapy, which we believe is the best beta emitter; however, we leveraged
our hydrogel utility patent to incorporate other promising isotopes and compounds for a range of future applications. This includes gamma
and alpha particle emitters. 

million
annually to maintain current operating activities. 

The
Company completed its reverse stock split which was approved by FINRA and went effective on June 28, 2019. 

The
Company s stock offering under Regulation A+ was qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on June
3, 2020. A second Regulation A+ was qualified by the SEC on September 15, 2021 to raise capital for shares at a price of 
for a maximum of . The Company amended this and was able to raise in July 2022 at per share shares)
and sold warrants for . An amended Regulation A+ was filed in October 2022 to raise the remaining of the
 . 

The
Company s Regulation A+ s raised approximately from the sale of shares and is using the proceeds generated as
follows: 

For
the animal therapy market: 

Fund
 the effort to communicate the benefits of IsoPet to the veterinary community and the pet parents. 

Conduct
 additional clinical studies to generate more data for the veterinary community 

Subsidize
 some IsoPet therapies, if necessary, to ensure that all viable candidates are treated. 

Assist
 new regional clinics with their license and certification training. 

For
the human market: 

Enhance
 the pedigree of the Quality Management System. 

Complete
 the previously defined pre-clinical testing and additional testing on an animal model closely aligned with our revised indication
 for use. Report the results to the FDA in a pre-submission meeting. 

Use
 the feedback from that meeting to write the IDE (Investigational Device Exemption), which is required to initiate clinical trials. 

Research
and development of the Company s brachytherapy product line has been funded with proceeds from the sale of equity and debt securities.
The Company may require additional funding of approximately 
 million annually to maintain current operating
activities. The proceeds
to be raised from the recent qualified Regulation A+ will be used to continue to fund this development. 

The
continued deployment of the brachytherapy products and a worldwide regulatory approval effort will require additional resources and personnel.
The principal variables in the timing and amount of spending for the brachytherapy products in the next 12 to 24 months will be the FDA s
classification of the Company s brachytherapy products as Class II or Class III devices (or otherwise) and any requirements for
additional studies which may possibly include clinical studies. Thereafter, the principal variables in the amount of the Company s
spending and its financing requirements would be the timing of any approvals and the nature of the Company s arrangements with
third parties for manufacturing, sales, distribution and licensing of those products and the products success in the U.S. and
elsewhere. The Company intends to fund its activities through strategic transactions such as licensing and partnership agreements or
from proceeds to be raised from the recent qualified Regulation A+. 

Following
receipt of required regulatory approvals and financing, in the U.S., the Company intends to outsource material aspects of manufacturing,
distribution, sales and marketing. Outside of the U.S., the Company intends to pursue licensing arrangements and/or partnerships to facilitate
its global commercialization strategy. 

In
the longer-term, subject to the Company receiving adequate funding, regulatory approval for RadioGel and other brachytherapy
products, and thereafter being able to successfully commercialize its brachytherapy products, the Company intends to consider resuming
research efforts with respect to other products and technologies intended to help improve the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and other
illnesses. 

Based
on the Company s financial history since inception, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm has expressed
substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has limited revenue, nominal cash, and
has accumulated deficits since inception. If the Company cannot obtain sufficient additional capital, the Company will be required to
delay the implementation of its business strategy and may not be able to continue operations. 

The
Company has been impacted from the effects of COVID-19. The Company s headquarters are in Northeast Washington however there focus
of the animal therapy market has been the Northwestern sector of the United States. The Company continues their marketing to the animal
therapy market and attempt to increase the exposure to their product and generate revenue accordingly. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has cash on hand. There are currently commitments to vendors for products and services purchased.
To continue the development of the Company s products, the current level of cash may not be enough to cover the fixed and variable
obligations of the Company. 

There
is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional funds or to do so at an advantageous price. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its
ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. The Company
plans to seek additional funding to maintain its operations through debt and equity financing and to improve operating performance through
a focus on strategic products and increased efficiencies in business processes and improvements to the cost structure. There is no assurance
that the Company will be successful in its efforts to raise additional working capital or achieve profitable operations. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

or greater and other fixed
assets with a cost of or greater are capitalized. Major betterments that extend the useful lives of assets are also capitalized.
Normal maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations. 

to years 
 
 Office
 equipment: 

to years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures: 

to years 

Leasehold
improvements and capital lease assets are amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the estimated life of the asset. 

Management
of the Company reviews the net carrying value of all of its equipment on an asset by asset basis whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. These reviews consider the net realizable value of each asset, as measured
in accordance with the preceding paragraph, to determine whether impairment in value has occurred, and the need for any asset impairment
write-down. 

-year period and on a straight-line basis will begin once the patents have been issued
and the Company begins utilization of the patents through production and sales, resulting in revenues. 

The
Company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets, including patents and intellectual property on a continual basis. Several
factors are used to evaluate intangibles, including, but not limited to, management s plans for future operations, recent operating
results and projected and expected undiscounted future cash flows. 

There
have been no such capitalized costs in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. However, a patent was filed on
July 1, 2019 (No. 1811.191) filed by Michael Korenko and David Swanberg and assigned to the Company based on the Company s proprietary
particle manufacturing process. The timing of this filing was important given the Company s plans to make IsoPet 
commercially available, which it did on or about July 9, 2019. This additional patent protection will strengthen the Company s
competitive position. It is the Company s intention to further extend this patent protection to several key countries within one
year, as permitted under international patent laws and treaties. 

Restricted stock units 

Common stock options 

Common stock warrants 

Total potential dilutive securities 

and in research and development costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
all of which were recorded in the Company s operating expenses noted on the statements of operations for the periods then ended. 

. 

in related party notes payable that were outstanding during 2021 were either repaid or converted in December 2021. There are
 outstanding related party notes payable as of December 31, 2022. 

Related
Party Payables 

In
December 2021, the Company converted the in related party payables into shares of common stock. There are remaining
related party payables as of December 31, 2022. 

Preferred
and Common Shares Issued to Officers and Directors 

In
June 2021, the Company s Chief Executive Officer exercised stock options for a value of that was paid through
the cancelation of common shares and Series A Convertible Preferred shares. The Chief Executive Officer in May 2021 rescinded
 stock options and in June 2021 rescinded stock options. In September 2021, the Chief Executive Officer exercised
 warrants in a cashless exercise into shares of common stock. In March 2022, the Chief Executive Officer exercised 
warrants in a cashless exercise into shares of common stock, and was issued shares of common stock valued at for
services rendered. 

outstanding balances in the convertible notes payable. All prior convertible notes had
been either repaid or converted in 2021. 

shares of common stock authorized, with a par value of , and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
has and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has shares of Preferred stock authorized with a par value of . The Company s
Board of Directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more series, fix or alter the designations,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the shares of each series, including the dividend rights, dividend
rates, conversion rights, voting rights, term of redemption including sinking fund provisions, redemption price or prices, liquidation
preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or designations of such series without further vote or action by the shareholders.
The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of management without further
action by the shareholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred
stock with voting and conversion rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock, including the loss of voting
control to others. 

On
October 8, 2018 the Company created out of the shares of Preferred Stock, par value per share, of the Company, as authorized in
Article IV of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, a series of Preferred Stock of the Company, to be named Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock, consisting of Five Million shares. 

On
March 27, 2019 the Company created out of the shares of Preferred Stock, par value per share, of the Company, as authorized in
Article IV of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, a series of Preferred Stock of the Company, to be named Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock, consisting of Five Million shares. 

Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Convertible Preferred 

In
June 2015, the Series A Certificate of Designation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State to designate million shares of
our preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred. Effective March 31, 2016, the Company amended the Certificate of Designations,
Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred of the Registrant, increasing the maximum number of shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred from shares to shares. The following summarizes the current rights and preferences of the Series A Convertible
Preferred: 

Liquidation
Preference . The Series A Convertible Preferred has a liquidation preference of per share. 

Dividends .
Shares of Series A Convertible Preferred do not have any separate dividend rights. 

Conversion .
Subject to certain limitations set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation, each share of Series A Convertible Preferred is
convertible, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (the Series A Conversion Shares equal to the liquidation preference thereof, divided by Conversion Price (as such term is defined in the Series A Certificate of Designation),
currently . 

In
the event the Company completes an equity or equity-based public offering, registered with the SEC, resulting in gross proceeds to the
Company totaling at least million, all issued and outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred at that time will automatically
convert into Series A Conversion Shares. 

Redemption .
 of the Liquidation Preference . 

Voting
Rights . Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred are entitled to vote on all matters, together with the holders of common stock,
and have the equivalent of five (5) votes for every Series A Conversion Share issuable upon conversion of such holder s outstanding
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred. However, the Series A Conversion Shares, when issued, will have all the same voting rights
as other issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, and none of the rights of the Series A Convertible Preferred. 

Liquidation .
Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ),
the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company
an amount equal to the liquidation preference of the Series A Convertible Preferred before any distribution or payment shall be made
to the holders of any junior securities, and if the assets of the Company is insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire
assets to be distributed to the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred shall be ratably distributed among the holders in accordance
with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

Certain
Price and Share Adjustments . 

a)
 Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Company (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
payable in shares of common stock on shares of common stock or any other common stock equivalents; (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of common stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of common
stock into a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the common stock, any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then the conversion price shall be adjusted accordingly. 

b)
 Merger or Reorganization . If the Company is involved in any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation
or merger in which the Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property than each share of Series A
Preferred shall be convertible into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that a holder of the number of shares of
common stock issuable upon conversion of one share of Series A Convertible Preferred prior to any such merger or reorganization would
have been entitled to receive pursuant to such transaction. 

In
June 2021, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred were canceled as partial payment for the exercise of stock options by the
Chief Executive Officer. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Convertible Preferred 

In
October 2018, the Series B Certificate of Designation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State to designate million shares
of our preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred. The following summarizes the current rights and preferences of the Series B
Convertible Preferred: 

Liquidation
Preference . The Series B Convertible Preferred has a liquidation preference of per share. 

Dividends .
Shares of Series B Convertible Preferred do not have any separate dividend rights. 

Conversion .
Subject to certain limitations set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation, each share of Series B Convertible Preferred is
convertible, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (the Series B Conversion Shares equal to the liquidation preference thereof, divided by Conversion Price (as such term is defined in the Series B Certificate of Designation),
currently . 

Redemption .
 of the Liquidation Preference. 

Voting
Rights . Holders of Series B Convertible Preferred are entitled to vote on all matters, together with the holders of common stock,
and have the equivalent of two (2) votes for every Series B Conversion Share issuable upon conversion of such holder s outstanding
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred. However, the Series B Conversion Shares, when issued, will have all the same voting rights
as other issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, and none of the rights of the Series A Convertible Preferred. 

Liquidation .
Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ),
the holders of Series B Convertible Preferred shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company
an amount equal to the liquidation preference of the Series B Convertible Preferred before any distribution or payment shall be made
to the holders of any junior securities, and if the assets of the Company is insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire
assets to be distributed to the holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred shall be ratably distributed among the holders in accordance
with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

Certain
Price and Share Adjustments . 

a)
 Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Company (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
payable in shares of common stock on shares of common stock or any other common stock equivalents; (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of common stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of common
stock into a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the common stock, any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then the conversion price shall be adjusted accordingly. 

b)
 Merger or Reorganization . If the Company is involved in any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation
or merger in which the Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property than each share of Series B
Convertible Preferred shall be convertible into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that a holder of the number
of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of one share of Series B Convertible Preferred prior to any such merger or reorganization
would have been entitled to receive pursuant to such transaction. 

In
December 2021, Series B Convertible Preferred shares were converted into shares of common stock. 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Convertible Preferred 

In
March 2019, the Series C Certificate of Designation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State to designate million shares of
our preferred stock as Series C Convertible Preferred. The following summarizes the current rights and preferences of the Series C Convertible
Preferred: 

Liquidation
Preference . The Series C Convertible Preferred has a liquidation preference of per share. 

Dividends .
Shares of Series C Convertible Preferred do not have any separate dividend rights. 

Conversion .
Subject to certain limitations set forth in the Series C Certificate of Designation, each share of Series C Convertible Preferred is
convertible, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (the Series C Conversion Shares equal to the liquidation preference thereof, divided by Conversion Price (as such term is defined in the Series C Certificate of Designation),
currently . 

The
Series C Convertible Preferred will only be convertible at any time after the date that the Company shall have amended its Certificate
of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance thereunder or effect a reverse stock split
of the outstanding shares of common stock by a sufficient amount to permit the conversion of all Series C Convertible Preferred into
shares of common stock Authorized Share Approval (such date, the Initial Convertibility Date ),
each share of Series C Convertible Preferred shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common
Stock on the terms and conditions set forth in the Series C Certificate of Designation under the definition Conversion Rights . 

Redemption .
 of the Liquidation Preference . 

Voting
Rights . Holders of Series C Convertible Preferred are entitled to vote on all matters, together with the holders of common stock,
and have the equivalent of thirty-two (32) votes for every Series C Conversion Share issuable upon conversion of such holder s
outstanding shares of Series C Convertible Preferred. However, the Series C Conversion Shares, when issued, will have all the same voting
rights as other issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, and none of the rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred. 

Liquidation .
Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ),
the holders of Series C Convertible Preferred shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company
an amount equal to the liquidation preference of the Series C Convertible Preferred before any distribution or payment shall be made
to the holders of any junior securities, and if the assets of the Company is insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire
assets to be distributed to the holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred shall be ratably distributed among the holders in accordance
with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

Certain
Price and Share Adjustments . 

a)
 Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Company (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions
payable in shares of common stock on shares of common stock or any other common stock equivalents; (ii) subdivides outstanding shares
of common stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of common
stock into a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the common stock, any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then the conversion price shall be adjusted accordingly. 

b)
 Merger or Reorganization . If the Company is involved in any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation
or merger in which the Common Stock is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property than each share of Series C
Convertible Preferred shall be convertible into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that a holder of the number
of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of one share of Series C Convertible Preferred prior to any such merger or reorganization
would have been entitled to receive pursuant to such transaction. 

Common
and Preferred Stock Issuances - 2022 

In
March 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants, and issued shares
of common stock to its CEO for services rendered valued at . In June 2022, there was a fractional adjustment recorded for shares. 

On
July 7, 2022, the Company sold shares under the Regulation A+ at for , and warrants 
at expiring June 2025 and at expiring December 2022) for . 

In
September 2022, the Company issued shares valued at in settlement of accounts payable. 

In
December 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. 

Common
and Preferred Stock Issuances - 2021 

In
January 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in a settlement of accounts payable valued at . In May 2021, the
Company issued shares of common stock in a settlement of accounts payable valued at . 

In
January 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in conversion of a note payable and accrued interest totaling .
The conversion resulted in a loss on conversion of that is reflected in the Condensed Statement of Operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2021. 

In
March 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock along with warrants under the Regulation A+ for cash proceeds
of for the common stock and the warrants were purchased for . 

Between
January 8, 2021 and January 29, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of stock options to the Chief Executive
Officer. In this transaction, the Company canceled shares of common stock as partial payment for the exercise of the stock options. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for vested RSUs with a fair value of . 

From
July 9 through September 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. 

In
October 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. 

In
November 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for services valued at . 

In
December 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in conversion of accounts payable to a related party in the amount of
 ; issued shares of common stock in conversion of related party note payables and accrued interest valued at ;
and issued shares of common stock in conversion of Series B Convertible Preferred stock. 

- 
 years 

Options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Options expired 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 years 

Options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Options expired/canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 years 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s CEO exercised stock options, and rescinded , stock options.
In addition, options expired. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized stock based compensation related to the vesting of its stock options. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

- 
 years 

Warrants granted 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants exercised 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants expired/cancelled 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 years 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants expired/cancelled 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 years 
 - 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 years 
 - 

years 
 - years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Between
January 8, 2021 and January 29, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. 

In
March 2021 the Company sold warrants for . These warrants have a two-year term and have an exercise price of 
per share. 

From
July 9 through September 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. 

In
October 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. 

In
March 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock in the cashless exercise of warrants. In June 2022, warrants
expired. 

On
July 7, 2022, the Company sold shares under the Regulation A+ at for , and warrants 
at expiring June 2025 and at expiring December 2022) for . 

In December 2022, the Company issued 2,650,273 shares of common stock in
the cashless exercise of 3,333,333 warrants. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSU s granted 

RSU s vested 
 
 - 
 
 RSU s forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

RSUs granted 

RSUs vested 
 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and worth of expense related to the vesting
of its RSU s. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had worth of expense yet to be recognized for RSU s not yet
vested. 

On
May 3, 2021, the Company has granted RSUs to a consultant that vest on the grant date, and RSUs to consultants that
vest on the grant date. The Company has issued common shares to the one consultant in June 2021. 

On
May 3, 2021, as part of an Employment Agreement with the CEO, the Company granted RSUs to the CEO. Of the RSUs,
 of them vest as follows: on the grant date, on the first anniversary and on the second anniversary.
The remaining RSUs vest as performance-based grants, with the Board of Directors determining the criteria of each 
RUSs at the nine-month anniversary, eighteen-month anniversary and twenty-seven month anniversary intervals. The Board of Directors has
90 days from May 3, 2021 to determine the performance criteria. 

On
February 3, 2022, of the RSUs valued at to the CEO vested. 

On
May 3, 2022, of the RSUs valued at to the CEO vested. 

On
June 1, 2022, RSUs were granted to a consultant valued at , and on November 1, 2022, RSUs were granted to a consultant
valued at , each that were vested immediately. 

. 

Under
the terms of the Employment Agreement, the Company shall pay to Dr. Korenko a base compensation of . In addition, there is a
discretionary bonus to be earned in the amount of per quarter upon the satisfaction of conditions to be determined by the Board
of Directors of the Company. 

Capital Loss Carryover 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Forgiveness of debt 
 - 

Depreciation 

Related party accrual 
 - 

Stock for services 

Other non-deductible expenses 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately . 

Topic
740 provides guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. Topic 740
requires a company to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon
the technical merits of the position. If the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, a company must measure the tax position to determine
the amount to recognize in the financial statements. At the adoption date of January 1, 2007, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefit,
which would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. 

The
Company includes interest and penalties arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision
for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. The Company is located in the state of Washington and Washington state
does not require the filing of income taxes. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local,
or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2017. 

F- 21 

<EX-23>
 2
 ex23.htm

Exhibit
23 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to incorporation by reference in the Post-Qualification Amendment No 1. to the Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 024-11627)
of our audit report dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the balance sheets of Vivos, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022. Our report relating to those financial statements includes an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding substantial
doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

 We
also consent to the reference to us under the heading Experts in such Offering Statement. 

Spokane,
Washington 

 March
1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael K. Korenko, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of VIVOS INC; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 1, 2023 

/s/
 Michael K. Korenko 

Michael
 K. Korenko 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael Pollack, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of VIVOS INC; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d.
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b.
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 1, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Pollack 

Michael
 Pollack 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Interim
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying annual report of VIVOS INC (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), the undersigned, Michael K. Korenko, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Michael
Pollack, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 1, 2023 

/s/
 Michael K. Korenko 

Name:
 Michael K. Korenko 

Title:
 Chief Executive Officer 

/s/
 Michael Pollack 

Name:
 Michael Pollack 

Title:
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rdgl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rdgl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rdgl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rdgl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

