<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1841230_0001213900-23-025083.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4468862</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412295</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>834365</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1177952</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>992394</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>926661</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025083.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331104336
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trine II Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841230
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981575523
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40995
		FILM NUMBER:		23784255

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVENUE S., STE 63482
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-503-2855

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVENUE S., STE 63482
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025083.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_trine2acq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

., 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value, and one-half of one warrant TRAQ.U New York Stock Exchange Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share TRAQ.WS New York Stock Exchange 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The
Registrant s Units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on November 3, 2021 and the Registrant s Class A ordinary
shares began separate trading on the New York Stock Exchange on December 27, 2021. The aggregate market value of the outstanding shares
of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the 41,400,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding, and the closing price for the Class A ordinary
shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, on June 30, 2022 was . 

As of March 31, 2023, there were class
A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 ii 
 
 PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 16 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 56 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 56 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 56 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 56 
 
 PART II 
 57 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 57 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 
 58 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 58 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 61 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 61 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 62 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 62 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 62 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 62 
 
 PART III 
 63 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 63 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 72 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 
 73 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 74 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 76 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 76 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report (the annual report on Form 10-K includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives
of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We
have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include,
but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements
other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy
include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Forward-looking
statements in this annual report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

ii 

PART
I 

References
in this annual report to we, us, company or our company are to Trine II Acquisition
Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to management or our management team are to our officers
and directors. References to our sponsor is to Robin Trine II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to
our initial shareholders are to our sponsor and any members of our management team that hold founder shares prior to our
initial public offering. 

Item 1. Business. 

Introduction 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 7, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer
to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. We have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business
combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company
is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost
entirely of cash. 

Trine
II Acquisition Corp. is led by Leo Hindery, Jr. and Pierre M. Henry, who co-founded Trine Acquisition Corp. Trine I in
September 2018. Trine II is the second special purpose acquisition corporation SPAC in the Trine franchise. The two share
a vision of becoming long-term partners with category leading technology, media and telecommunications TMT management
teams in order to help them realize increased scale and differentiation in public markets. Trine II s focus is again centered on
partnering with innovative and disruptive TMT companies based in North America and Europe, having successfully closed a business combination
between Trine I and Desktop Metal, Inc. (NYSE: DM) Desktop Metal on December 9, 2020. 

Our
office is located at 228 Park Avenue S., Ste 63482, New York, New York 10003 and our telephone number is (212) 503-2855. Our corporate
website address is www.trineacquisitioncorp.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website
is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual report. You should not rely on any such
information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. 

Company
History 

On
January 22, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 12,218,750 Class B ordinary shares (the Class B ordinary shares 
or founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. In February 2021, our
sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Josephine Linden and Brian Deevy, David Dodson, Ric Fulop, Jason Kay, Jim Moran
and Jamie R. Seltzer, our independent directors, resulting in our sponsor holding 12,043,750 founder shares. On September 28, 2021, our
sponsor forfeited to us 3,593,750 founder shares. In November 2021, we effected a share capitalization with respect to our founder shares
and issued 1,725,000 founder shares. Immediately prior to the consummation of our IPO, our sponsor forfeited to us at no cost 1,500,000
founder shares in connection with the issuance of 1,500,000 founder shares to certain institutional accredited investors (none of which
are affiliated with any member of our management, our sponsor or any other sponsor co-investor), which we refer to as the sponsor
co-investors ), resulting in our initial shareholders holding 8,850,000 founder shares. All share and per-share amounts have been
retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividends. The number of founder shares issued was based on the expectation that the founder
shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon completion of the initial public
offering IPO ). 

On
November 5, 2021, we completed our IPO of 41,400,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the units ), generating gross
proceeds of 414,000,000. Each unit consists of one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and
one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per
share, subject to certain adjustments. 

1 

Concurrently
with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and two sponsor co-investors purchased an aggregate of 20,560,000 warrants (the private
placement warrants ), generating gross proceeds of 20,560,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 422,280,000 from the proceeds
of the IPO and the private placement warrants was placed in a trust account (the trust account such that the trust account
held 422,280,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one
Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

On
December 23, 2021, we announced that, commencing December 27, 2021, holders of the 41,400,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately
trade the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on the New York
Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol TRAQ.U and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants that were
separated trade under the symbols TRAQ and TRAQ.WS, respectively. 

Initial
Business Combination 

So
long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that
together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal
firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or
experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s
assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction
involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or
necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business
meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business
or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However,
if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed
transaction will include such opinion. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business
combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a
100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial
business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by
the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for
purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test
will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement
regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE
for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. 

2 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. These risks include, among others,
investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense
competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors and we may
not have adequate time to complete due diligence. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum of association requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, which must include
a majority of our independent directors, to approve our initial business combination (or such other vote as the applicable law or stock
exchange rules then in effect may require). 

Corporate
Information 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received
a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision)
of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing
any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be
levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on
or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend
or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a
debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion
in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have
the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

3 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available for a business combination in the amount of approximately 422,280,000 as of December 31, 2022, assuming no redemptions
and after payment of up to 14,449,000 of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating
a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance
sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities,
or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing
and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. 

Unlike
other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable
that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is highly
unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we
cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the
particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

4 

Redemption
rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At completion of the business combination,
we will be required to purchase any public shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account
as of the closing of the IPO was 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption right will include
the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination (the letter agreement ). 

Limitations
on redemptions 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will not redeem public shares that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than US 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. However,
the proposed business combination may require (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be
transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other
conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would
be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will
not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. 

Manner
of conducting redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either: (1) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination;
or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers
with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares
or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum of association would typically require shareholder approval. If we structure a business
combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether
to seek a shareholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions pursuant to a shareholder
vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. 

5 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to
our amended and restated memorandum of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
 issuer tender offers; and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer,
to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that
we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than
we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

If,
however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to
obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

We
expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we
expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice
of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently
intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we
are not able to maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding Class A ordinary
shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person
or by proxy of shares of outstanding Class A ordinary shares of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all Class
A ordinary shares of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors will count towards
this quorum and have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination.
These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
Each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us,
pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by
them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

6 

Our
amended and restated memorandum of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible
asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business
combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for
working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the
terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A
ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of
the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination
or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum of association provides that
a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess
Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force
us or our affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or our affiliates at a premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold
in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete
our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to
vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering
stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights 

We
may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination in the event we distribute proxy materials or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository
Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination
at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares
in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery
requirements, which will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must
identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender
offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination
if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant
to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final
proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft
proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption
if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders
to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

7 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering
broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be
incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver
shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact
such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had
an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the
company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders
were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until the end of the completion window. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we have only until the expiration of the completion window to
consummate an initial business combination. References to the completion window are to (i) the 18-month period from
the closing of our IPO in which we must complete an initial business combination, (ii) the 21-month or the 24-month, as applicable,
period from the closing of our IPO in which we must complete an initial business combination if our sponsor has extended the period of
time for us to consummate our initial business combination by purchasing additional private placement warrants or (iii) such other extended
time period in which we must complete an initial business combination pursuant to an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. 

8 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire
worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within the completion window. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Our
sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate
an initial business combination within the completion window (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window). 

Our
sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our
public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the
agreement relating to our initial business combination. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number
of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related
redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether
proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay
dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses
for the discussion of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.20. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the
claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not
be less than 10.20. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share 
and other risk factors included herein. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

9 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including,
but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging
the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the
funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust
account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriter of the offering, will
not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such
entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or
agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust
account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third-party for services rendered
or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or (B) a prospective target business with which
we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account
if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be
withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target
business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our
officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income
tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors
the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption
amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors included herein. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we had access to approximately
 545,940 outside the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with
our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could
be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received
by any such shareholder. 

10 

If
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per public share to
our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result,
a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself
and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek
to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors,
thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares
for cash in connection with our initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon
the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination
within the completion window, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption
rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum of association contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to
us until the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a
matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s
shareholders entitled to vote in person, or where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting for which notice specifying the
intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles
of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of
the shares voted at a general meeting of the company i.e. , the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by
a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

11 

Our
initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees, if any, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If
 we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, we
 will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly
 as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
 at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
 not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us,
 if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
 of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
 shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
 distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
 redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law
 to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities
 that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or
 (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination
 or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion
 of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate
 a business combination beyond the prescribed time frame or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
 with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In
 the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
 that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our
 company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law
 or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for
 business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and
 Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the
 SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the
 same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption
 rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So
 long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must
 occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value
 of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred
 underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust
 account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
 holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
 with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect
 to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares,
 we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
 their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
 to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
 the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if
 any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
 described herein; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company
 or a similar company with nominal operations. 

12 

Certain
Potential Conflicts of Interest Relating to Our Officers and Directors 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to
other entities. As a result, if any our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded
from pursuing the same. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and
(ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Furthermore,
our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period
in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest
in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become
involved. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event
there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified
amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

The
potential conflicts described above may limit our ability to enter into a business combination or other transactions. These circumstances
could give rise to numerous situations where interests may conflict. 

There
can be no assurance that these or other conflicts of interest with the potential for adverse effects on the company and investors will
not arise. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and
have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business.
Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the
resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially
represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

13 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our office at 228 Park Avenue S., Ste 63482, New York, NY 10003. The cost for this space is included in the 100,000
per month fee for office space, employee benefits and secretarial and administrative services, which includes approximately 41,667 per
month payable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and approximately 33,333 per month payable to the Company s Chief
Financial Officer. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Human
Capital Management 

We
currently have four executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but
they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until the earlier of the completion of our initial
business combination or liquidation. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend
to have any full time employees prior to the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination or liquidation. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains
such reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent
registered public accounting firm. 

We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may
be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP or international financial reporting standards as promulgated by the international accounting standards board IFRS ), depending
on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target
businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. We cannot
assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

14 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received
a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018
Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman
Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition,
that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will
be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or
in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest
or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following November 5, 2026, (b)
in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the
prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible
debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated
with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team
in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months
preceding the date hereof. 

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this annual report, the prospectus associated with our IPO and the registration statement of
which such prospectus forms a part before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business,
financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could
decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks associated with: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination, including risks arising from the uncertainty
 resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our
 public shareholders ability to exercise redemption rights; 

the
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window; 

the
 possibility that NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

being
 declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 

complying
 with changing laws and regulations; 

the
 performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

the
 pool of prospective target businesses available to us and the ability of our officers and
 directors 

to
 generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

the
 issuance of additional Class A ordinary shares in connection with a business combination
 that may dilute the interest of our shareholders; 

the
 incentives to our sponsor, officers and directors to complete a business combination to avoid
 losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 ability to amend the terms of warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders of
 public warrants; 

our
 ability to redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; and 

provisions
 in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and Cayman Islands law. 

16 

Risks
Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination 

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote,
holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target
business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder
approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to
us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder
approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination
even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and each member of our management team and the sponsor
co-investors have agreed to vote their founder shares in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders
vote. 

Our
initial shareholders and the sponsor co-investors have agreed to vote all of the founder shares they own in favor of an initial business
combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
and sponsor co-investors founder shares, we would need 15,525,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted),
or 2,587,501, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 41,400,000 public shares
sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly,
if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team
and the sponsor co-investors to vote their founder shares in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that
we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target
businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

17 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able
to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we will not
redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described
above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business
combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction
with us. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the
purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party
financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher
than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to
us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted
for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders
who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions,
the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the
open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

18 

The
requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate
an initial business combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our
sponsor has the right to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination to up to 24 months from the closing of
our IPO without providing our shareholders with a corresponding redemption right. 

We
will have until 18 months from the closing of our IPO to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that
we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if
requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination up to two times, each
by an additional 3 months (for a total of up to 24 months from the closing of our IPO), subject to our sponsor purchasing additional
private placement warrants. Our shareholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension.
Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, in order to extend the completion window in
such a manner, our sponsor must purchase an additional 2,070,000 private placement warrants and deposit the 2,070,000 in proceeds from
such purchase of the private placement warrants into the trust account on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each 3-month
extension of the completion window. Our sponsor has the option to accelerate its purchase of one or both halves of the up to 4,140,000
private placement warrants at any time prior to the consummation of our initial business combination with the same effect of extending
the completion window three or six months, as applicable. This feature is different than most other special purpose acquisition companies,
in which any extension of the completion window would require a vote of a special purpose acquisition company s shareholders and,
in connection with such vote, such special purpose acquisition company s shareholders would have the right to redeem their public
shares. 

The
securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest
income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

The
funds in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain
money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield
a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued
interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that
it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest
income (which we may withdraw to pay taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any
interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 422,280,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors
or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of
their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either
prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they
have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any
such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

19 

In
the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase
public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights,
such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction
could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval
of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted
to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an
agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business
combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the
completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the
public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange
Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or
tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may
require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in
 street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial
business combination in the event we distribute proxy solicitation materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically.
In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of (i) our completion
of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly
elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion
window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares
in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the
trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial
business combination within the completion window, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances
will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to
the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

20 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability
to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

If
the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow
us to operate for the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business
or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates
or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the completion window, assuming
that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition
plans. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing
from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our
ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

We
believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates
or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for the duration of the completion window; however, we cannot
assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to
advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay
fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or
to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping 
around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular
proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we
paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result
of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to,
a target business. 

21 

If
we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management
team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates
is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or
from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 2,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial
business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease
operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share,
or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to
negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver,
in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If
any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will
perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective
target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 

22 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, or upon the exercise of
a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption
amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims
of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third-party (other
than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or (B) a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser
of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our
sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

However,
we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our
independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations,
and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular
claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per public
share. 

23 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account,
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
on the issuance of securities, 

each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject
to. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and
complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to
buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to
be a passive investor. 

24 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or
(iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within the completion window, our return of the funds held in the trust account
to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may
be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with
these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability
to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply
with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

25 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular industry nor have we selected any specific target businesses with
which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

We
may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry or sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone
on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an
initial business combination with us, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks
inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or
assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks
may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a
target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than
a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain
their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines and, as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective
business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise
their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more
difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general
criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

26 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in acquisition targets that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to
be less favorable to investors in our IPO than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target.
In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise
may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this annual report regarding the areas
of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose
to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm and, consequently, you may have no assurance
from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to
our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board
of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used
will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, each
having a par or nominal value of 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, each having a par or nominal value of 0.0001
per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, each having a par or nominal value of 0.0001 per share. There are 458,600,000 and 39,650,000
authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not
take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary
shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination as described herein and in
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As of the date of this annual report, there are no preference shares
issued and outstanding. 

27 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in
connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the
time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination,
we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on
any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of
an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional
ordinary or preference shares: 

may
significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions
in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis
upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; 

may
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking
to obtain control of us; 

may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may
not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

28 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which
will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously
or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target
business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file
pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as
if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources
to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. 

Accordingly,
the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

29 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own
shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination
company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business
combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in
exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders
immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such
transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining
a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management
will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that we will
not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then
become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be
contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business
combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares
or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our
sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof,
and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

30 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that
will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that holders of our securities may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their
warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman
Islands law, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with
respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the
private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To
the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration
statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete
our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements
for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination,
we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition
financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination,
we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could
have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our
initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

31 

We
may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within the completion window, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within the completion window. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and,
while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial
business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek
to acquire. Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflict, including between
Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally. If we have not consummated an initial business combination
within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.20 per public share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world,
including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19)
a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex
M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to the COVID-19
outbreak, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization classified the outbreak as a pandemic. The pandemic, together
with resulting voluntary and U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. governmental actions, including, without limitation, mandatory business
closures, public gathering limitations, restrictions on travel and quarantines, has meaningfully disrupted the global economy and markets.
Although the long-term economic fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to predict, it has and is expected to continue to have
ongoing material adverse effects across many, if not all, aspects of the regional, national and global economy. The COVID-19 pandemic
has resulted, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that could adversely
affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business
combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued
concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors
or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in
a timely manner. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our search for a business combination depends on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by the COVID-19 pandemic or other matters
of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a
target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by the COVID-19 pandemic and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

32 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which
could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements.
While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we
may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent
us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business
combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated,
we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

The
NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue
to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on
the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. In general,
we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we
are required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our stock price
would generally be required to be at least 4 per share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time, especially if there are a significant number of redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. 

If
the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the- counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional
 securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

33 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and
warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although
the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies
if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of
covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale
of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies
unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in
their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check
companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things,
this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover,
if our IPO were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to
us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior
consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for
or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to
complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in
open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete
our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose
of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine
of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

34 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or
extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded
the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes
with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

We
are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We
are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares and we will use
our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of our initial
business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class
A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any
facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus,
the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop
order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above
requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class
A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal
to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares
upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing
the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number
of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify
the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares
upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant
shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired
their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included
in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to
exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold
in our IPO. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would
be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would
not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we
may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under
all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable
to exercise their warrants. 

35 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders, the sponsor co-investors and holders of our private placement warrants and
working capital warrants and their respective permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination,
and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the IPO, our initial shareholders, the sponsor
co-investors and holders of our private placement warrants and working capital warrants and their respective permitted transferees can
demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability
of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class
A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult
to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or
ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities
owned by our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants and working capital warrants and their respective permitted
transferees are registered for resale. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt following the IPO, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have
agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for
redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

36 

Our
sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution
from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Our
sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to the dilution of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of
Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination
and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust. In addition, because of the anti-dilution
rights of the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business
combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants
could be converted into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), the exercise period could be shortened and the
number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend
the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve
of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of
the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or
decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our initial shareholders may purchase public warrants
with the intention of reducing the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to warrant
holders for approval, including amending the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to the interests of the registered holders
of public warrants. While our initial shareholders have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and
have not formulated any terms or conditions for such transactions, there is no limit on the number of our public warrants that our initial
shareholders may purchase and it is not currently known how many public warrants, if any, our initial shareholders may hold at the time
of our initial business combination or at any other time during which the terms of the public warrants may be proposed to be amended. 

The
nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public
shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination. 

The
amount deposited in our trust account is 10.20 per public share. Such amount will be increased by an anticipated 0.05 per public share
pursuant to our sponsor s purchase of additional private placement warrants for each of the two 3-month extensions of the
completion window that our sponsor may elect to effectuate. However, prior to the IPO, our sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.002 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly
diluted upon the consummation of our initial business combination, when the founder shares are converted into public shares. For example,
the following table shows the dilutive effect of the founder shares on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of
our initial business combination, assuming that our equity value at that time is 414,066,935, which is the amount in cash we would have
for our initial business combination in the trust account, and no public shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination and without taking into account any other potential impacts on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our
public shares, the business combination transaction costs (after payment of 14,490,000 of deferred underwriting commissions), any equity
issued or cash paid to the target s equity holders or other third parties, or the target business itself, including its assets,
liabilities, management and prospects, or the impact of our public warrants and private placement warrants. At such valuation, each ordinary
share would have an implied value of 8.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, which would be a 21.56 decrease
as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.20 (the amount deposited in the trust account per unit sold in our IPO,
assuming no value is ascribed to the public warrants). 

Public
Shares: 41,400,000 
Founder Shares: 10,350,000 
Total Shares: 51,750,000 
Total funds in trust available for initial business combination, after payment of 14,490,000 deferred underwriting commissions: 414,066,935 
Initial value per public share: 10.20 
Implied value per share upon consummation of initial business combination: 8.00 

37 

Certain
of our warrants are expected to be accounted for as a warrant liability and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes
in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares or may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We
account for the 41,260,000 warrants issued in connection with the IPO in accordance with the guidance contained in Derivatives and Hedging
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (ASC 815-40). Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria
for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we will classify each warrant as a liability
at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such remeasurement, the warrant
liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in our statement of operations and therefore our reported
earnings. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. In addition,
potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of
 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for
adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day
period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants
and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so (2) sell your warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In
addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their
expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable
upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading
day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able
to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the
fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the
holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may
not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361
Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us as so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants and founder shares
may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business
combination. 

38 

Our
warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 20,700,000 of our Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per whole share as part of the units offered
in the IPO. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we also issued in a private placement an aggregate of 20,560,000 private placement
warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In
addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 2,500,000
of such loans into up to an additional 2,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. Our sponsor may also
elect to purchase an additional 2,070,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant for each of the two 3-month extensions
of the completion window. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. 

To
the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of
a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary
shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants
may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination include historical and/or pro forma
financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents,
whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because
some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company,
we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination. 

39 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of
the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion
of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our initial shareholders,
are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond
such completion window before redemption from our trust account. 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up
to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described
herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account
and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation
and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond
the completion window before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their
pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our
redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary
shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial
business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors and to continue our company in
a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors to continue
our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational
documents of our company in such other jurisdiction). Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of
directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition,
prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business
combination. 

The
warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any
information regarding such other security at this time. 

In
certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities
pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the
security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

40 

Unlike
some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares
if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion
will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination) at the time of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the
total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary
shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed
issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to
be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to us in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued
to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will
the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than
some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the
total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
all without your approval. 

Our
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the
purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the
description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus associated with our IPO, or defective
provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the
warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement
as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights
of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision
of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement
warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants,
convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise
of a warrant. 

41 

Risks
Relating to Our Management Team 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive
officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation,
and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent
directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business
affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit
their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential
business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive
officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post- combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our
success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. None
of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest
in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote more substantial
amounts of time to their other business activities, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative
impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance
on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The
role of our key personnel after our initial business combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel
serve in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the
management of the target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public
company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be
expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

42 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be
entered into on or prior to the closing of our IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination,
will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities
covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an initial business combination
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key
personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business
combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time.
Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial
business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may need to reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company
in connection with our initial business combination, which may adversely impact our ability to complete an initial business combination
in a timely manner or at all. 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities, including another blank check company and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Following
the completion of our IPO and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying
and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future
may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

43 

In
addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are and may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have
acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented
to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and
(ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our
executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict
with our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are
a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor,
our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons
from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have
a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of
a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a
breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals
for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them
for such reason. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor,
form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.
As a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination
opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved, and such entities may compete with us for
business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us
to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions
concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any
transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria
for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or
international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest
still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they
would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

44 

Since
our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to any public shares they may hold), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
January 22, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs
in consideration of 12,218,750 Class B ordinary shares, each having a par or nominal value of 0.0001. In February 2021, our
sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Mrs. Linden and Messrs. Deevy, Dodson, Fulop, Kay, Moran and Seltzer, our independent
directors, resulting in our sponsor holding 12,043,750 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the
sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the
amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. On September 28, 2021, our sponsor forfeited to us 3,593,750
Class B ordinary shares in order to maintain the number of Class B ordinary shares, on an as converted basis, at 20 of our issued and
outstanding ordinary shares upon consummation of our IPO, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 8,625,000 founder shares. In
November 2021, we effected a share capitalization with respect to our Class B ordinary shares and issued 1,725,000 Class B ordinary shares
to our sponsor in order to maintain the number of Class B ordinary shares, on an as converted basis, at 20 of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares upon consummation of our IPO, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 10,350,000 founder shares. Immediately prior
to the closing of the IPO, our sponsor forfeited to us 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares in connection with the issuance of Class B ordinary
shares to the sponsor co-investors and we delivered an aggregate of (i) 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares, or approximately 14.5 
of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares and (ii) 2,400,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor co-investors. As of
the date of this annual report, our initial shareholders hold 8,885,000 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do
not complete an initial business combination. Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and certain sponsor co-investors
purchased an aggregate of 20,560,000 for 20,560,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 422,280,000 was placed in a trust account at
the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A ordinary
shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

The
founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the IPO, except that: (1) only holders
of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial business combination; (2) the founder
shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (3) our sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to: (a) waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (b) waive their
redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we have not consummated our initial business combination within the completion window; and (c) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the completion window (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window); (4) the founder shares are automatically
convertible into shares of our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein; and (5) the holders of founder shares are entitled to registration
rights. 

The
personal and financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a
target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial
business combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. 

45 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We
indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account
for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares).
Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the
trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

Involvement
of members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations
or negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

Members
of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide
variety of business affairs, including transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of
such involvement, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved
in civil disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims,
investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify
and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside the United States and, therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities
laws or their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States,
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways
adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the
premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These
trends may continue into the future. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential
liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order
to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to
any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

46 

Our
management team and our sponsor may make a profit on any initial business combination, even if any public shareholders who did not redeem
their public shares would experience a loss on such initial business combination. As a result, the economic interests of our management
team and our sponsor may not fully align with the economic interests of public shareholders. 

Like
most special purpose acquisition companies, our structure may not fully align the economic interests of our sponsor and those persons,
including our officers and directors, who have interests in our sponsor with the economic interests of our public shareholders. Our sponsor
has invested in us an aggregate of 18,236,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 18,211,000 purchase
price for its private placement warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination,
the 8,850,000 founder shares held by our initial shareholders would have an aggregate implied value of 88,500,000. Even if the trading
price of our Class A ordinary shares was as low as 2.06 per share, and the private placement warrants were worthless, the value of the
founder shares would be greater than the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, so long as we complete an initial business
combination, our sponsor is likely to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if
our public shares lose significant value. Accordingly, our sponsor and members of our management team who own interests in our sponsor
may have incentives to pursue and consummate an initial business combination quickly, with a risky or not well established target business,
and/or on transaction terms favorable to the equityholders of the target business, rather than continue to seek a more favorable business
combination transaction that could result in an improved outcome for our public shareholders or liquidate and return all of the cash
in the trust to the public shareholders. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider our sponsor s and management team s
financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to invest in public shares and/or redeem your
public shares prior to or in connection with an initial business combination. 

Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If
our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination,
we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial
business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination,
we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved
by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

47 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including
 the conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory
 military service by personnel; and government appropriation of assets. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues
which may adversely affect our operations. 

48 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

General
Risk Factors 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 545,940 in cash and working capital of 738,441. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial
business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our
inability to continue as a going concern. 

Past
performance of our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance, including related to Trine I
and its associated business combination with Desktop Metal, is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify
and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on
the historical record our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in
us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

Certain
agreements related to the IPO may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain
agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to our IPO, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors,
and the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements
contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment
to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment
and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation
of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment
in our securities. 

49 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more
difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes- Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal
year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary
shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception.
Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot
be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Additionally, even if we qualify for the start-up exception
with respect to a given taxable year, there cannot be any assurance that we would not be a PFIC in other taxable years. There can be
no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year because our PFIC status
will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request,
we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including
a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund 
election with respect to their Class A ordinary shares, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required
information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. Prospective U.S. investors are urged to
consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

50 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in
taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder
or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in
which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or
warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to
their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A
ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended
with the approval of a special resolution, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may
be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of
an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders.
In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of warrants into
the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the
release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that
the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior
to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than the holders of 90 of our ordinary
shares attending and voting at our general meeting. Our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees, if any, who
collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 17.1 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of our IPO,
will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will
have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check
companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue
remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our
sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares.
Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability
to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event
of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

51 

Our
initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 17.1 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert
a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A
ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders
nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as
disclosed in this annual report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of
the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our
sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class
of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion
of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion
of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors,
only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership
position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment
and removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the
approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction) prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly,
our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition,
we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our initial
shareholders. 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our
warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive
any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole
and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have
notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within
the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder
of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement
action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such
warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant
agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Because
each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units
of other blank check companies. 

Each
unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon
separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a
fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares
to be issued to the warrant holder. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect
of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of
the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more
attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit
included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

52 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital
raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary
share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per
share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States
courts against our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same
may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities
laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the
Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands
as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different
from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman
Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have
more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing
to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Walkers (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to
recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities
against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far
as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement
in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a
foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment
of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided
certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and
for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect
of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary
to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary
to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

53 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States
company. 

Your
investment may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

An
investment in our company may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities
that directly address instruments similar to our units, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit
between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-half of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each
unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants
included in our units are unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary
shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such
holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any
dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are
urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Since
only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements. 

Only
holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company
of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and
may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we
have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; 

we
have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
have a nominating committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s
purpose and responsibilities. 

We
do not currently utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable
phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 

54 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant
loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find
and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms
favorable to our investors altogether. 

55 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We
currently maintain our office at 228 Park Avenue S., Ste 63482, New York, NY 10003. The cost for this space is included in the 100,000
per month fee for office space, employee benefits and secretarial and administrative services, which includes approximately 41,667 per
month payable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and approximately 33,333 per month payable to the Company s Chief
Financial Officer. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against
us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

56 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information. 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols TRAQ.U , TRAQ and TRAQ.WS ,
respectively. 

Holders 

Although there are a larger number of beneficial
owners, at March 31, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our separately traded ordinary shares
and one holder of record of our separately traded warrants. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination and subject to the company
having funds lawfully available for distribution under Cayman Islands law. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and subject to the company having funds lawfully
available for distribution under Cayman Islands law. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

On
January 22, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 12,218,750 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.002 per share. In February 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Mrs. Linden and Messrs. Deevy, Dodson, Fulop,
Kay, Moran and Seltzer, our independent directors, resulting in our sponsor holding 12,043,750 founder shares. On September 28, 2021,
our sponsor forfeited to us 3,593,750 founder shares in order to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as converted basis, at
20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon consummation of our IPO, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 8,625,000
founder shares. In November 2021, we effected a share capitalization with respect to our founder shares and issued 1,725,000 founder
shares to our sponsor in order to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as converted basis, at 20 of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares upon consummation of our IPO, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 10,350,000 founder shares. Immediately prior
to the consummation of our IPO, our sponsor forfeited at no cost 1,500,000 founder shares in connection with the issuance of 1,500,000
founder shares to the sponsor co-investors, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 8,850,000 founder shares. All share and per-share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividends. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on
the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon
completion of the IPO. 

On
November 5, 2021, we completed our IPO of 41,400,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 414,000,000.
Each unit consists of one of the Company s shares of Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one
warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
certain adjustments. 

57 

The
Company incurred 23,526,926 of transaction costs in connection with the IPO, comprised of 756,926
of deal costs , 8,280,000 of underwriters discount paid, and 14,490,000 of deferred underwriting commissions payable to
the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event the Company completes a business combination. There has
been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in our final prospectus dated November 2, 2021, which
was filed with the SEC. 

Concurrently
with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and two sponsor co-investors purchased an aggregate of 20,560,000 private placement warrants,
generating gross proceeds of 20,560,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 422,280,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private
placement warrants was placed in the trust account such that the trust account held 422,280,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each
whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to certain adjustments. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this annual report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this annual report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 7, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend
to effectuate our business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants,
our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a business combination will be successful. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 7, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and identifying a target company
for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 25,633,642, which consists of the change in fair value of warrant liabilities
of 21,459,326 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 6,319,879, offset by unrealized loss on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 47,218 and operating costs of 2,098,345. 

For
the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 2,354,145, which consists of operating
costs of 431,288 and transaction costs of 1,550,441 offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account of
 4,274 and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 4,331,600. 

58 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

On
November 5, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 41,400,000 units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of 5,400,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 414,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 20,560,000 private placement warrants in private placements to our sponsor and the sponsor co-investors,
generating gross proceeds of 20,560,000. 

Following
the IPO and the private placements, a total of 422,280,000 10.20 per unit) was placed in the trust account. We incurred transaction
costs of 23,526,926, consisting of 8,280,000 of underwriting fees, and 14,490,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 756,926 of other
offering costs. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,246,446. Net income of 25,633,642 was affected by interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 6,319,879, unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the Trust Account
of 47,218 and changes in fair value of warrant liabilities 21,459,326. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 851,899
of cash for operating activities. 

For
the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,470,688. Net income of
 2,354,145 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 4,274, formation cost paid by issuance
of Class B ordinary shares of 5,000 and changes in fair value of warrant liabilities 4,331,600. Changes in operating assets, and liabilities
used 1,044,400 of cash for operating activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the trust account of 428,556,935 consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a
maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the trust account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all
of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable),
to complete our business combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to
complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 545,940. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and, evaluate
target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of
prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor, or certain
of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the
working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for
such repayment. Up to 2,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity
at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, the Company has until May 4, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company
will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will
be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory
liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these financial statements. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 4, 2023. 

59 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a sum of 100,000 per month for employee benefits, office space, and secretarial and administrative
services, which includes approximately 41,667 per month payable to our Chief Executive Officer and approximately 33,333 per month payable
to our Chief Financial Officer. We began incurring these fees on November 2, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until
the earlier of the completion of the business combination or our liquidation. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or 14,490,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that the company completes a business combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption 

The
company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are
classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares
that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within the company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified
as shareholders equity. The company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of the company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit
section of the company s balance sheets. 

The
company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary
shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

60 

Net
Income Per Ordinary Share 

The
company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income (loss)
per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period.
The company has two classes of ordinary shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income
and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of ordinary shares. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary
shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. The calculation of diluted income (loss)
per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) IPO, and (ii) the private placement since the
exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 41,260,000 Class
A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts
that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the company. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Derivative instruments are initially recorded at
fair value and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative
assets and liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion
of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Warrant
Instruments 

The
Company accounts for the warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC
815. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of
a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements from equity classification under ASC 815, including
whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment,
which requires the use of professional judgement, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period
end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to the recorded as a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. See Note
9 for valuation methodology of warrants. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Following
the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government
treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this annual report and is included herein by reference. 

61 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 based on criteria specified in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as described herein, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

62 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Leo Hindery, Jr. 
 
 75 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Pierre M. Henry 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Mark J. Coleman 
 
 64 
 
 Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
 
 Richard A. Miller 
 
 45 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Brian Deevy 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 David Dodson 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Ric Fulop 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Jason Kay 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Josephine Linden 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Jim Moran 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Jamie R. Seltzer 
 
 34 
 
 Director 

Leo
Hindery, Jr. is our Chairman. From September 2018 until December 2020, Mr. Hindery was the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of Trine I, which successfully closed its initial business combination with Desktop Metal on December 9, 2020. In January 1988, Mr. Hindery
founded, and ran as Managing Partner, InterMedia Partners, a series of media industry investment funds. In February 1997, he was named
President and CEO of Tele-Communications, Inc. (TCI), then the world s largest cable television system operator. In March 1999,
TCI merged into AT T and Mr. Hindery became President and CEO of AT T Broadband. In November 1999, Mr. Hindery was named Chairman
and CEO of GlobalCenter Inc., a major Internet services company which fourteen months later merged into Exodus Communications, Inc. Following
this merger, until October 2004, he was the founding Chairman and CEO of The YES Network, the regional television home of the New York
Yankees, after which he reconstituted and ran InterMedia Partners until the founding of Trine I. Mr. Hindery, formerly Chairman of the
National Cable Television Association and of C-SPAN, has been recognized as one of the cable industry s 25 Most Influential
Executives Over the Past 25 Years and one of the 30 Individuals with the Most Significant Impact on Cable s Early
History. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a Director of Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. and Desktop Metal,
Inc.. Mr. Hindery has an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and received an undergraduate degree from Seattle
University. Mr. Hindery is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive industry and board of directors experience. 

Pierre
M. Henry is our Chief Executive Officer and a director. From September 2018 until December 2020, Mr. Henry was the Chief Financial
Officer and Executive Vice President of Development of Trine I, which successfully closed its initial business combination with Desktop
Metal on December 9, 2020. Prior to September 2018, Mr. Henry was head of corporate development and investor relations at Hemisphere
Media Group (NASDAQ:HMTV) a publicly traded, pure-play U.S. media company targeting the high growth U.S. Hispanic and Latin American
markets, with leading broadcast and cable television and digital content platforms Hemisphere was created as an operating company by
InterMedia Partners, LP in 2006. Prior to Hemisphere, Mr. Henry was a Principal in the Tokyo and San Francisco offices of Rakuten (OTC:RKUNY).
Reporting directly to CEO of Rakuten, Mr. Henry was instrumental in the buildout of Rakuten s entertainment analytics division
and sourced and executed M A deals for its media communications division. Prior to Rakuten, he was a Vice President with Kylin
Capital, a Chinese private equity group specializing in media entertainment investments throughout Asia. Mr. Henry started his
career as an entrepreneur in the film industry, creating a consulting company called Cinnabar Media. He has an MBA from the Stanford
Graduate School of Business, an MPhil from Downing College, University of Cambridge, and a BA from the University of Chicago. 

Mark
J. Coleman is our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and was a member of the founding management team and Executive
Vice President and General Counsel of Trine I, which successfully closed its initial business combination with Desktop Metal on December
9, 2020. Prior to Trine I, Mr. Coleman was Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the seventh InterMedia Partners private equity
fund, among the world s first private equity firms specializing in disruptive media and communications investing. The first of
InterMedia Partners fund was formed with Mr. Coleman s participation in 1988. Mr. Coleman is an Executive Vice President
and General Counsel of the fund that manages the controlling shareholder of Hemisphere Media Group, Inc., itself the result of a SPAC
merger transaction with one of InterMedia s portfolio companies in 2013. Before that, Mr. Coleman was Executive Vice President
and General Counsel of The YES Network, the regional sports network home of the New York Yankees, which he co-founded in June 2001. Prior
to YES, Mr. Coleman was Executive Vice President and General Counsel at GlobalCenter Inc., a Silicon Valley-based internet services and
web-hosting company. Previously, from June 1998 to December 1999, Mr. Coleman was a Senior Partner at Orrick, Herrington Sutcliffe
LLP, prior to which he was a Partner at Pillsbury Madison Sutro LLP, which he joined in 1984. Mr. Coleman has over 30 years of
experience in media, technology and private equity. Mr. Coleman is the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of SOAR Technology
Acquisition Corp. and serves on the board of directors of TILT Holdings Inc.. He has a J.D. from the University of California, Berkeley
and a B.A. from Pomona College. 

63 

Richard
A. Miller is our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and serves as Managing Director of the consulting firm
Evora Partners, LLC, which was founded in 2019 to focus on supporting SPAC sponsors and companies in financial distress. In 2019, Mr. Miller
served on the board of directors of Currax Pharmaceuticals, LLC and served as an independent director to ShopVac Corp in 2020. Before
starting Evora Partners, Mr. Miller was a Vice President with Highbridge Capital Management, LLC from 2015 to 2019, where, he focused
on investing in distressed, special situation and high yield debt opportunities within the firm s Tactical Credit Fund and Strategic
Credit Fund. Prior joining Highbridge Capital Management, LLC, he served in a similar role at Otlet Capital Management LP during 2014
and 2015. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Miller was an investment banker in the Restructuring and Recapitalization Group at Evercore Partners
Inc. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Miller worked in a research role as an Analyst at Aristeia Capital, LLC, where he focused on distressed,
special situation and convertible and high yield debt investing. Prior to joining Aristeia Capital, LLC, Mr. Miller held investment
banking roles at Houlihan Lokey, Inc., Jefferies Company, Inc. and Lazard LLC. Mr. Miller holds a BA in Economics from
Emory University where he graduated with highest honors. 

Brian
Deevy is a Director and is also a Director of Liberty Media Corporation and Chairman of its Audit Committee. From 2007 to 2015,
Mr. Deevy served as the head of the Communications, Media and Entertainment CME group of the Royal Bank of Canada RBC ), the fifth largest bank in North America and one of the fifteen largest banks in the world. At RBC, Mr. Deevy
was responsible for strategic development of the CME group s business, which included mergers and acquisitions, debt capital formation
and financial advisory engagements. Mr. Deevy directed the group s efforts for clients across sectors of the communications
industry worldwide, including cable, satellite, programming services, wireline and wireless telecom, data infrastructure, internet communications,
web hosting, radio and TV broadcasting, publishing, software and technology. Prior to that, Mr. Deevy, served as CEO and Chairman
of Daniels and Associates until its acquisition by RBC in 2007. Over his tenure with Daniels and Associates and RBC, he led the firm
to a performance of approximately 2,000 completed transactions in these sectors, valued at over 185 billion. Mr. Deevy is
recognized as one of the communications industry s most prominent leaders. He has been inducted into the Cable TV Pioneers and
Broadcast and Cable Hall of Fame and has received the NCTA s Vanguard Award for Associates. Mr. Deevy is on the Board of Directors
of Catalyst Investors II through V and is also a Director of the Daniels Fund. He received an MBA from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth
and a BA degree from Dartmouth College. Mr. Deevy was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive business,
financial and CME experience. 

David
Dodson is a Director and is on the faculty of Stanford University Graduate School of Business, where he has taught for over a
decade within the Center for Entrepreneurship. Mr. Dodson also founded Futaleufu Partners, LLC, a private equity firm that focuses exclusively
on SME buy-outs using the Search Fund model developed at Stanford University. From 1999 to 2004, Mr. Dodson was CEO of
Wind River Environmental. Mr. Dodson served as Chairman of Worldbridge Broadband Services from 1999 to 2000. Prior to that, He served
as CEO of Paragon Electronic Systems from 1998 to 1999. Mr. Dodson served as CEO of ADAP, Inc. from 1995 to 1998. Prior to that, he served
as CEO of Smith Alarm Systems from 1990 1994. Mr. Dodson is currently a Member of the Board of Directors of Shandy Clinic, Tire
Disposal and Recycling, American Security, Propoint Solutions, Blue Sky Networks, Emporos Systems, JIT Rentals and Radiation Detection
Company. Mr. Dodson co-founded Project Healthy Children and Sanku, LLC, which has operated in six African countries focusing on micronutrient
malnutrition; Mr. Dodson remains Chairman of both organizations. Mr. Dodson received his MBA from Stanford University and his BA from
Stanford University. Mr. Dodson was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive executive and private equity experience. 

Ric
Fulop is a Director and the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Desktop Metal, Inc. and, prior to the consummation of Trine I s business combination, served in those same roles at
Desktop Metal Operating, Inc. since its incorporation in 2015. Prior to the founding of Desktop Metal Operating, Inc., Mr. Fulop
was a general partner at North Bridge Venture Partners from 2010 to 2015 and served as a Founder of A123 Systems, Inc. from 2001 to 2010.
Mr. Fulop currently serves on the board of governors of World Economic Forum Advanced Manufacturing Initiative (nonprofit). Mr. Fulop
holds an M.B.A. from the MIT Sloan School of Management. Mr. Fulop was selected to serve on our board of directors due to his management,
business and finance experience. 

Jason
Kay is a Director and the CEO and Co-Founder of Kay2 Ventures, a private investment and strategic consulting firm. Kay2
Ventures was founded in 2004, and the firm s clients have included Time Warner (now Warner Media), Verizon (NYSE: VZ), Facebook
(NYSE: FB), Magic Leap, and several private family offices. In addition, Kay2 Ventures has served as an investor and advisor to over
a dozen of startup ventures. Prior to Kay2 Ventures, Mr. Kay was a principal at Society Capital Group, a private investment firm,
from 1998 2004, where he acquired and managed over 100,000 square feet of commercial real estate and incubated a successful internet
music startup called MyCaster. Prior to that, Mr. Kay served as a Producer and business development executive at Activision, Inc.
(NASDAQ: ATVI), where we acquired key content titles for the company s portfolio. Mr. Kay has over 25 years of experience
in commercial agreements, mergers and acquisition, corporate development and private and public company investing. Mr. Kay received
a JD from USC Law Center and a BA degree from Tulane University. Mr. Kay was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due
to his extensive investment, consulting and advisory experience. 

64 

Josephine
Linden is a Director and is Founder and CEO of Linden Global Strategies, a wealth management advisory firm and multi-family office.
She retired from Goldman Sachs as a partner and managing director in 2009, after being with the firm for over twenty-five years.
Mrs. Linden serves on private and non-profit boards. She is the Chairman of Lands End (NASDAQ: LE), director of E P
Financial Group Limited (ASX: EP1) and Ambassador Emeritus of the Advance Australia Global Advisory Board. Mrs. Linden previously
served as a director of Trine I. Previously, she was a Trustee for the Collegiate School, and currently sits on its Investment Committee.
She was an Adjunct Professor at the Business School of Columbia University where she taught a class in wealth management, and she currently
teaches and moderates ad hoc sessions. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Mrs. Linden has an MBA from the University
of Chicago and a BA from the University of Sydney. Mrs. Linden was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to her extensive investment,
wealth management and public company board experience. 

Jim
Moran is a Director and has over 25 years of experience scaling technology companies. Mr. Moran invests in and advises
venture capital and private equity funds and their portfolio companies. From October 2018 to May 2020, he was a Senior Advisor
at Providence Strategic Growth. Prior to that, Mr. Moran served as the Executive Chairman of Perfecto Mobile from May 2017
until June of 2018 leading the company through an acquisition by Clearlake Capital s Perforce, Inc. Mr. Moran also served
as Managing Director of North Bridge Venture Growth Partners from May 2009 to January 2017. At North Bridge, Mr. Moran
led investments in Confer, Paydiant, SpringCRM, Out Systems, and WPEngine. Mr. Moran currently serves on the Board of Directors
of Elastic Path Software and is an advisor to the Board of Directors of Rapid RTC and PhotoButler. Mr. Moran received his BA from
Northeastern University. Mr. Moran was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive investment, operating
and advisory experience with private and publicly listed companies. 

Jamie
R. Seltzer is a Director and is a General Partner at LightShed Ventures, where he is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day
activities of the fund, including portfolio management, investment sourcing, capital raising and limited partner relations. From June
2018 to September 2020, Mr. Seltzer was Vice President of Waverley Capital, where he focused on early to mid-stage venture investing
in the media sector. Mr. Seltzer assisted Waverley Capital in making investments in Headspace, Wondery, fuboTV, CameraIQ, Endel, Oooh
and Novel Effect. Prior to joining Waverley, Mr. Seltzer co-founded and was CEO of Alpha Audiotronics, Inc. d.b.a Skybuds 
(acquired by Vi Trainer) from September 2014 to June 2018. Skybuds was a pioneer in wireless audio and voice with national distribution
in retailers such as Best Buy and Equinox. Prior to Skybuds, Mr. Seltzer was an associate at Saban Capital Group, a private investment
firm specializing in the media, entertainment and communications industries. Earlier in his career, Mr. Seltzer worked at UBS, Apollo
Global Management and Sling Media. Mr. Seltzer earned a BS in Economics with a dual concentration in Finance and Operations Information
Management from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Seltzer was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due
to his extensive investment, finance and executive experience. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of nine members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being
appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving
a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general
meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors,
consisting of Messrs. Dodson, Kay and Seltzer, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class
of directors, consisting of Messrs. Deevy, Fulop and Moran, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the
third class of directors, consisting of Mrs. Linden and Messrs. Henry and Hindery, will expire at our third annual general meeting. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Our
sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment
to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

65 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers
may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

The
rules of the NYSE require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Mrs. Linden and Messrs. Deevy, Dodson, Fulop, Kay, Moran and Seltzer is an independent director under
applicable SEC and NYSE rules. 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

Until
the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for
employee benefits, office space, and secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 100,000 per month, which
includes approximately 41,667 per month payable to our Chief Executive Officer and approximately 33,333 per month payable to our Chief
Financial Officer. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made
by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not
have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination.
Other than payments and reimbursements described herein, no cash compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees,
will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors or their respective affiliates prior to the completion of
our initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy
solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We
have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee. Both our audit
committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of NYSE and
Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and
the rules of NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

66 

Audit
Committee 

The
members of our audit committee are Brian Deevy, Jim Moran and Josephine Linden, and Jim Moran serves as chairman of the audit committee.
Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

meeting
 with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits,
 and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for
 the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all
 audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered
 public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting
 firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor
 regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or
 related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
 accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring
 compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our IPO and, if any noncompliance is identified,
 immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing
 compliance with the terms of our IPO; and 

reviewing
 and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors
 and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will
 be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors
 abstaining from such review and approval. 

The
audit committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our Compensation Committee are Jason Kay and Jamie R. Seltzer, and Jamie R. Seltzer serves as chairman of the compensation
committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors.
Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Kay and Seltzer is independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

67 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. The charter complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

Nominating
Committee 

The
members of our nominating committee are Jason Kay and Jamie R. Seltzer, and Jason Kay serves as chair of the nominating committee. Under
the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Messrs. Kay and Seltzer is independent. 

The
nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating
committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally will provide that persons to be
nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution
 to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds
 to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication
 to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The
nominating committee considers a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee
of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 1 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than
ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also
required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during
the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no delinquent filers. 

1 NTD: Company to confirm. 

68 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Corporate
Governance Guidelines 

Our
board of directors adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as
a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including
board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief
executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member
access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation
and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines
is posted on our website. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests
 of the company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
 purpose; 

directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the
 company and their personal interests; and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders, provided that there is full disclosure by the directors.
This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by
shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to
other entities. As a result, if any our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded
from pursuing the same. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and
(ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

69 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in
which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest
in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become
involved. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event
there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified
amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that
may present a conflict of interest: 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Entity
 Name 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Leo Hindery, Jr. 
 
 InterMedia Advisors, LLC. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Principal 

HL Capital 
 
 Investments 
 
 Principal 

Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. 
 
 Media 
 
 Director 

Desktop Metal, Inc. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Director 

Mark J. Coleman 
 
 InterMedia Advisors, LLC. 
 
 Investments 
 
 Principal General Counsel 

JPK Capital 
 
 Investments 
 
 General Counsel 

TILT Holdings Inc. 
 
 Cannabis 
 
 Director 

SOAR Technology Acquisition Corp. 
 
 SPAC 
 
 EVP and General Counsel 

Richard A. Miller 
 
 Evora Partners, LLC 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Managing Director 

Ric Fulop 
 
 Desktop Metal, Inc. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 CEO Chairman 
 
 Brian Deevy 
 
 Liberty Media Corporation 
 
 Media Investments 
 
 Director 

Brian Deevy 
 
 Catalyst Investors II through V 

David Dodson 
 
 Futaleufu Partners, II 
 
 Investments 
 
 General Partner 

Futaleufu Partners, III 
 
 Investments 
 
 General Partner 

Futaleufu Partners, IV 
 
 Investments 
 
 General Partner 

Elk Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

ProPoint Solutions, LLC 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Buck Jack Capital, LLC 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

Kerwood Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 Technology 
 
 Director 

70 

Name of Individual 
 
 Entity Name 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

AltEquity, LLC 
 
 Business Services 
 
 Director 

Radiation Detection Company 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

Aquavita Holdings 
 
 Business Services 
 
 Director 

Castle Capital Fund 01, LLC 
 
 Recycling 
 
 Director 

Jason Kay 
 
 Kay2 Ventures 
 
 Investments 
 
 Founder 

Josephine Linden 
 
 Linden Global Strategies 
 
 Investments 
 
 Founder 

Lands End E P Financial Group Limited 
 
 Retail Finance 
 
 Director 

Jim Moran 
 
 JMVentures Elastic Path Software 
 
 Investments Technology 
 
 Founder and Director 

Jamie R. Seltzer 
 
 LightShed Ventures 
 
 Investments 
 
 General Partner 

If
any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the
above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company
prior to completion of our initial business combination. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts
of interest: 

Our
 executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time
 to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between
 our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do
 not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business
 combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
 for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
 not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant
 to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares
 and public shares held by them in connection with (i) our initial business combination, and
 (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
 provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
 connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
 we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with
 respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares. Additionally, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to waive
 their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder
 shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window.
 If we do not complete our initial business combination within the the completion window,
 the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our initial
 shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares (other
 than to permitted transferees) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of
 our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
 (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
 (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
 merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders
 having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
 Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until
 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our
 directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict
 of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
 with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our key personnel may negotiate
 employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular
 business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following
 our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
 in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form
 or participate in blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are
 seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts
 of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap
 among investment mandates. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any our officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

71 

Except
as described herein, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors or their respective affiliates receive
any finder s fee, consulting fee or other cash compensation prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Further,
commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we also reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for employee benefits,
office space, and secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 100,000 per month, which includes approximately
 41,667 per month payable to our Chief Executive Officer and approximately 33,333 per month payable to our Chief Financial Officer. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution.
In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor
of our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a
crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the
maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud,
willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification
in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they
are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will
only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial
business combination. 

Our
indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

We
pay monthly recurring expenses of 100,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor for employee benefits, office space, and secretarial and administrative
services. The 100,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor includes approximately 41,667 per month payable to our Chief
Executive Officer and approximately 33,333 per month payable to our Chief Financial Officer. Upon completion of our initial business
combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of the initial business
combination takes the maximum 24 months, an affiliate of the sponsor will be paid a total of 2,400,000 100,000 per month) for employee
benefits, office space, and secretarial and administrative services. 

Our
sponsor, executive officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers,
directors and our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management
or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the
tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will
be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will
be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We
may not take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our
initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting
arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements
to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we
do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be
a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our
officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

72 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

We
have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this annual report,
by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of
 ordinary shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants
as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report. Unless otherwise noted, the business address
of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Trine II Acquisition Corp., 228 Park Avenue S., Ste 63482, New York, NY 10003. 

Ordinary
Shares 
Beneficially Owned 

Number 
 Percent (2) 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers: (1) 

Leo Hindery, Jr. (3) 
 8,675,000 
 16.7 
 
 Pierre M. Henry (3) 
 8,675,000 
 16.7 
 
 Mark J. Coleman 

Richard A. Miller 

Brian Deevy 
 25,000 

David Dodson 
 25,000 

Ric Fulop 
 25,000 

Jason Kay 
 25,000 

Josephine Linden 
 25,000 

Jim Moran 
 25,000 

Jamie R. Seltzer 
 25,000 

All officers and directors as a group (11 individuals) 
 8,850,000 
 17.1 
 
 5 Shareholders: 

Robin Trine II LLC (3) 
 8,675,000 
 16.7 
 
 Acanthis Master, LLC (3) 
 8,675,000 
 16.7 
 
 MIC Capital Management UK LLP (4) 
 2,970,000 
 5.7 

Less
than one percent. 

(1) Interests
shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of
Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(2) The
percentage of beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares is based on a total of 41,400,000 Class A ordinary shares and 10,350,000 Class
B ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The percentage of beneficial ownership and assumes conversion of all
Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. 

(3) Interests
shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of
Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. Our sponsor is
the record holder of such shares. Each of Leo Hindery, Jr., our Chairman, and Pierre M. Henry, our Chief Executive Officer and a director,
is a managing member of Acanthis Master, LLC, the managing member of our sponsor, and as such each has voting and investment discretion
with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the ordinary
shares held directly by our sponsor. Additionally, certain of our officers and directors also hold, or may in the future hold, indirect
interests in our sponsor. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent
of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. The business address of each of these entities and individuals
228 Park Avenue S., Ste 63482, New York, NY 10003. 

(4) Based
solely on a Schedule 13G, filed with the SEC on November 10, 2021. The address of MIC Capital Management UK LLP is Floor 7, 25 Berkeley
Square, London, United Kingdom. 

73 

Our
initial shareholders beneficially owns 17.1 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares and has the right to appoint all of our directors
and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Holders of
our public shares do not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors or to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other
jurisdiction) prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively
influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

Our
initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by them in favor of any proposed business combination
and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial
business combination. 

Our
sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal
securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional
information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
January 22, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 12,218,750 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.002 per share. In February 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Mrs. Linden and Messrs. Deevy, Dodson, Fulop,
Kay, Moran and Seltzer, our independent directors, resulting in our sponsor holding 12,043,750 founder shares. On September 28, 2021,
our sponsor forfeited to us 3,593,750 founder shares in order to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as converted basis, at
20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon consummation of our IPO, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 8,625,000
founder shares. In November 2021, we effected a share capitalization with respect to our founder shares and issued 1,725,000 founder
shares to our sponsor in order to maintain the number of founder shares, on an as converted basis, at 20 of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares upon consummation of our IPO, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 10,350,000 founder shares. Immediately prior
to the consummation of our IPO, our sponsor forfeited at no cost 1,500,000 founder shares in connection with the issuance of 1,500,000
founder shares to the sponsor co-investors, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 8,850,000 founder shares. All share and per-share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividends. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on
the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon
completion of the IPO. 

Concurrently
with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor and two sponsor co-investors purchased an aggregate of 20,560,000 private placement warrants,
generating gross proceeds of 20,560,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 422,280,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private
placement warrants was placed in the trust account such that the trust account held 422,280,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each
whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to certain adjustments. 

As
more fully discussed elsewhere in this annual report, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he
or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors
currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We
currently maintain our office at 228 Park Avenue S., Ste 63482, New York, NY 10003. The cost for our use of this space is included
in the 100,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for employee benefits, office space, and secretarial and administrative
services, commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE. The 100,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate
of our sponsor includes approximately 41,667 per month payable to our Chief Executive Officer and approximately 33,333 per month payable
to our Chief Financial Officer. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. 

We
entered into agreements with three sponsor co-investors, pursuant to which such sponsor co-investors purchased an aggregate of 8,910,000
units sold in our IPO and also purchased an aggregate of (i) 1,500,000 Class B ordinary shares and (ii) 2,400,000 private placement warrants
from us immediately prior to the closing of our IPO. Each of the sponsor co-investors agreed with us that, if such sponsor co-investor failed
to purchase its allocation of units, such sponsor co-investor will not be entitled to retain the founder shares and/or private placement
warrants and will forfeit any founder shares and/or private placement warrants previously delivered to such sponsor co-investor. Moreover,
certain of the sponsor co-investors will agree to forfeit up to half of the founder shares and/or private placements they receive
in the event that they redeem, sell or otherwise dispose of any units or Class A ordinary shares they receive in this offering and do
not hold an aggregate amount of units or Class A ordinary shares at the completion of our initial business combination equal to or exceeding
the amount they purchase in this offering. There can be no assurance that our sponsor co-investors will retain any units they purchased
in the IPO at the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Each
of the sponsor co-investors agreed to vote all of the founder shares it owns in favor of an initial business combination and have
also agreed not to redeem any founder shares it owns in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The sponsor
co-investors are not obligated to refrain from redemption with respect to Class A ordinary shares purchased as part of the units
in this offering or through open market purchases subsequent to the closing of this offering. The sponsor co-investors have not
been granted any material additional shareholder or other rights, other than the founder shares. 

74 

Any
units purchased by the sponsor co-investors were at the public offering price of 10.00 per unit. However, the founder shares purchased
by the sponsor co-investors immediately prior to the closing of this offering were purchased at less than 10.00 per share. As a
result, our sponsor co-investors may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other
public shareholder. Our sponsor co-investors will have the same rights to the funds held in the trust account with respect to the
Class A ordinary shares underlying the units they purchased in the IPO as the rights afforded to our public shareholders. 

Except
as described herein, no cash compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers
and directors or their respective affiliates prior to the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount
of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such
persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business
combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than
our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be
known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business
combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our initial shareholders will be entitled to certain
registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if
any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation
of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as our initial
shareholders hold any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this
annual report. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related
party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated
by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or
proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the Company has already
committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the Company and to the relevant related
party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from
voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some
or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction,
the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

75 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum ), for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for
the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 92,185 and 137,505, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and
audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Marcum for any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January
7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 7, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial
Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet s 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 to F-20 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

None. 

76 

(3) Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this annual report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by
reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington,
D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s amended registration statement on Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 6, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s amended registration statement on Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on March 22, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company s amended registration statement on Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on March 22, 2021). 

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Company s
annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on March 31, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 22, 2021, issued to Robin Trine II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on February 18, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, among the Registrant, Robin Trine II LLC and its executive officers and directors (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, among the Registrant, Robin Trine II LLC and certain other securityholders named therein (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 18, 2021, between the Registrant and Robin Trine II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on February 18, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, between the Registrant and Robin Trine II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Pierre M. Henry (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

77 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.8 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Mark J. Coleman (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Richard A. Miller (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Brian Deevy (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and David Dodson (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Ric Fulop (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Jason Kay (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.13 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Jim Moran (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.14 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Josephine Linden (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.15 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Jamie R. Seltzer (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.16 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Acanthis Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on November 5, 2021). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

78 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 

Filed
herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

79 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized, in New York City, New York, on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

Trine
 II Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 Pierre M. Henry 

Name: 
 Pierre
 M. Henry 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Pierre M. Henry 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Pierre
 M. Henry 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Richard A. Miller 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Richard
 A. Miller 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Leo Hindery, Jr. 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Leo
 Hindery, Jr. 

/s/
 Brian Deevy 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Brian
 Deevy 

/s/
 David Dodson 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 David
 Dodson 

/s/
 Ric Fulop 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Ric
 Fulop 

/s/
 Jason Kay 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jason
 Kay 

/s/
 Josephine Linden 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Josephine
 Linden 

/s/
 Jim Moran 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jim
 Moran 

/s/
 Jamie R. Seltzer 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jamie
 R. Seltzer 

80 

TRINE
II ACQUISITION CORP. 
 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID Number F-2 0 Financial Statements: Balance Sheet s F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Trine
II Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Trine II Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and
the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
 LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

TRINE
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Due from Sponsor 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses non-current 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares issued and outstanding, at redemption value 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding (excluding 41,400,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

TRINE
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 7, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Transaction costs 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized losson marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

TRINE
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 7, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 7, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Contribution in excess of fair value from the sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value for Class A ordinary shares 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value for Class A ordinary shares 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

TRINE
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 7, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Payment of formation costs through issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Transaction costs allocable to warrants 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from sponsor 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Remeasurement from carrying value to redemption value for Class A ordinary shares 

Offering costs paid directly by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of its over-allotment
option in the amount of Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants (each, a Private Placement
Warrant and, collectively, the Private Placement Warrants in private placements to Robin Trine II LLC (the Sponsor and certain of the sponsor co-investors (as defined below), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, of
other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the
 Trust Account ), to be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds
in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

per Public Share), including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to certain limitations as described in the prospectus
associated with our Initial Public Offering. The per-share amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders who properly redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. 

(so that it does
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that
may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company receives an ordinary resolution approving a Business Combination
or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to
hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC
prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the
Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public
Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares,
without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

of the Public
Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public
Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust account and not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of then
issued and outstanding Public Shares. 

F- 8 

There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. 

). 

per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions
in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

in its operating bank accounts, and working capital of . 

year from the issuance of these financial statements. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 4, 2023. 

F- 10 

and and no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

, of which 
were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were charged to operations,
which includes for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the sponsor co-investors (see Note 5). 

Class A ordinary
shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. 

F- 12 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per ordinary share 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per ordinary shares 

. The Company has not experienced losses
on this account. 

F- 13 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. 

each of the units being sold in the Initial Public Offering without
regard to the underwriters option to purchase additional units. 

Private Placement for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants
at the Initial Public Offering was , of which the excess of is included in additional paid in capital on the accompanying
statement of stockholders equity. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to
the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public
Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

F- 14 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for 
Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). In February 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of
Mrs. Linden and Messrs. Deevy, Dodson, Fulop, Kay, Moran and Seltzer, the Company s independent directors nominees (collectively
with the Sponsor, the Initial Shareholders ), in each case for the consideration of (or approximately per
share), resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares. On September 28, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited to the Company 
Founder Shares, resulting in the Initial Shareholders holding Founder Shares. In November 2021, the Company effected a share
capitalization with respect to the Founder Shares and issued Founder Shares to the Sponsor, resulting in the Initial Shareholders
holding Founder Shares. 

per share (as adjusted for share splits,
share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Founder Shares to the sponsor co-investors at their
original purchase price. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the sponsor co-investors
to be , or per share. The fair value of the Founder Shares were valued using a binomial/lattice model. The excess of
the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly,
the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair
value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs related to the Founder Shares amounted to , of which 
were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were expensed to the statements
of operations and included in transaction costs. 

per month, for office space, employee benefits and secretarial
and administrative services, which includes approximately per month payable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and
approximately per month payable to the Company s Chief Financial Officer. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
incurred and paid in fees for these services. For the period from January 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31 2021, the
Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and included
in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets, respectively. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on
the earlier of December 31, 2021 and the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Of the total outstanding loan of , 
was repaid at the time of the Initial Public Offering. The due was netted against the amount due from Sponsor. At the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on November 5, 2021, a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units in the amount
of was due to the Company to be held outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. In January 2022, the 
due from Sponsor was repaid. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amount outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

F- 15 

was due to the Company to be held outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. In January 2022,
 due from Sponsor was subsequently repaid. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the
post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

additional units at the Initial Public Offering price. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

preference shares with a par or nominal value of per share,
with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of
directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares, with a par or nominal value
of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as
presented in temporary equity. 

F- 16 

Class B ordinary shares, with a par or nominal value
of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering,
plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination,
excluding Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed
issued, or to be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to the Company in a Business Combination and any Private Placement
Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

outstanding Public Warrants. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number
of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the
later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equal or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company send the notice of redemption of the warrant holders. 

F- 18 

outstanding Private Placement Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants
will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 
 1 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

F- 19 

Exercise price 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value 

Transfer to level 2 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

. 

Fair value as of November 5, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Transfer to level 1 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

. There were no other transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the period ended
December 31, 2021. 

F-20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_trine2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Pierre M. Henry, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trine II Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Pierre M. Henry 

Pierre
 M. Henry 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_trine2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Richard A. Miller, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trine II Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Richard A. Miller 

Richard
 A. Miller 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_trine2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Trine II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Pierre M. Henry 

Pierre
 M. Henry 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_trine2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Trine II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Richard A. Miller 

Richard
 A. Miller 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 traq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 traq-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 traq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 traq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 traq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

