<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1066605_0001066605-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16106308</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1175526</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2492060</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6227278</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3047238</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2821547</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001066605-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227161220
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001066605-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001066605
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES [7361]
		IRS NUMBER:				362681268
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25837
		FILM NUMBER:		23674951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 S WACKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4900
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606-6303
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3124961200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 S WACKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4900
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001066605-23-000014.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 hsii-20221231.htm
 10-K

hsii-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer," smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15. U.S. C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates (excludes shares held by executive officers, directors and beneficial owners of 10 or more of the registrant s outstanding Common Stock) on June 30, 2022 was approximately based upon the closing market price of 32.36 on that date of a share of Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market. As of February 23, 2023, there were shares of the Company s Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 25, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 Item 2. Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 22 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 73 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 73 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 74 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 74 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 74 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 75 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 77 
 Signatures 
 78 
 
 2 

Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or guarantees of future performance, but instead represent only our beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," outlook, "projects," "forecasts," and similar expressions. These statements include statements other than historical information or statements of current condition and may relate to our future plans and objectives and results. By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following, as well as those discussed under the Section heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Factors that may cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from what is expressed, forecasted or implied in the forward-looking statements include, among other things, our ability to attract, integrate, develop, manage and retain qualified consultants and senior leaders; our ability to prevent our consultants from taking our clients with them to another firm; our ability to maintain our professional reputation and brand name; our clients ability to restrict us from recruiting their employees; our heavy reliance on information management systems; risks arising from our implementation of new technology and intellectual property to deliver new products and services to our clients; our dependence on third parties for the execution of certain critical functions; the fact that we face the risk of liability in the services we perform; the fact that data security, data privacy and data protection laws and other evolving regulations and cross-border data transfer restrictions may limit the use of our services and adversely affect our business; any challenges to the classification of our on-demand talent as independent contractors; the increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks that could pose a risk to our systems, networks, solutions, services and data; the impacts, direct and indirect, of the COVID-19 pandemic (including the emergence of variant strains) or other highly infectious or contagious disease on our business, our consultants and employees, and the overall economy; the aggressive competition we face; the fact that our net revenue may be affected by adverse economic conditions including inflation, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; our ability to access additional credit; social, political, regulatory, legal and economic risks in markets where we operate, including the impact of the ongoing war in Ukraine and the risks of an expansion or escalation of that conflict; unfavorable tax law changes and tax authority rulings; the timing of the establishment or reversal of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets; the fact that we may not be able to align our cost structure with net revenue; any impairment of our goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets; our ability to execute and integrate future acquisitions; and the fact that we have anti-takeover provisions that could make an acquisition of us difficult and expensive. We caution the reader that the list of factors may not be exhaustive. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Heidrick Struggles is a human capital leadership advisory firm providing executive search, consulting and on-demand talent services to businesses and business leaders worldwide to help them improve the effectiveness of their leadership teams. When we use the terms Heidrick Struggles, the Company, we, us and our, in this Form 10-K, we mean Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. We provide our services to a broad range of clients through the expertise of approximately 460 consultants located in major cities around the world. Heidrick Struggles and its predecessors have been a leadership advisor for more than 65 years. Heidrick Struggles was formed as a Delaware corporation in 1999 when two of our predecessors merged to form Heidrick Struggles. 
 
 Our service offerings include the following: 
 
 Executive Search. We partner with our clients - respected organizations across the globe - to help them build and sustain the best leadership teams in the world, with a specialized focus on the placement of top-level senior executives. Through our 
 3 

unique relationship-based, data-driven approach, we help our clients find the right leaders, set them up for success, and accelerate their and their team s performance. 
 
 We believe focusing on top-level senior executives provides the opportunity for several competitive advantages including access to and influence with key decision makers, increased potential for recurring search and consulting engagements, higher fees per search, enhanced brand visibility, and a leveraged global footprint. Working at the top of client organizations also facilitates the attraction and retention of high-caliber consultants who desire to serve top industry executives and their leadership needs. Our executive search services derive revenue through the fees generated for each search engagement, which generally are based on the annual compensation for the placed executive. We provide our executive search services primarily on a retained basis. 
 
 We employ a global approach to executive search built on better insights, more data and faster decision making facilitated by the use of our Heidrick Leadership Framework and Heidrick Connect. Our Heidrick Leadership Framework allows clients to holistically evaluate a candidate's pivotal experience and expertise, leadership capabilities, agility and potential, and culture fit and impact, thereby allowing our clients to find the right person for the role. We supplement our Heidrick Leadership Framework through a series of additional online tools including our Leadership Accelerator, Leadership Signature and Culture Signature assessments. Heidrick Connect, a completely digital, always available client experience portal, allows our clients to access talent insights for each engagement, including the Heidrick Leadership Framework and other internally developed assessment tools. In response to working remotely, our Executive Search teams employed Heidrick Connect to operate effectively and efficiently while engaging virtually with our clients. Additionally, we have introduced upgrades to Heidrick Connect, resulting in greater flexibility, increased productivity and the ability to deliver more insights to our clients. 
 
 The executive search industry consists of several thousand executive search firms worldwide. Executive search firms are generally separated into two broad categories: retained search and contingency search. Retained executive search firms fulfill their clients senior leadership needs by identifying potentially qualified candidates and assisting clients in evaluating and assessing these candidates. Retained executive search firms generally are compensated for their services regardless of whether the client employs a candidate identified by the search firm and are generally retained on an exclusive basis. Typically, retained executive search firms are paid a retainer for their services equal to approximately one-third of the estimated first year compensation for the position to be filled. In addition, if the actual compensation of a placed candidate exceeds the estimated compensation, executive search firms often are authorized to bill the client for one-third of the excess. In contrast, contingency search firms are compensated only upon successfully placing a recommended candidate. 
 
 We are a retained executive search firm. Our search process typically consists of the following steps: 
 
 Analyzing the client s business needs in order to understand its organizational structure, relationships and culture, advising the client as to the required set of skills and experiences for the position, and identifying with the client the other characteristics desired of the successful candidate; 
 
 Selecting, contacting, interviewing and evaluating candidates on the basis of experience and potential cultural fit with the client organization; 
 
 Presenting confidential written reports on the candidates who potentially fit the position specification; 
 
 Scheduling a mutually convenient meeting between the client and each candidate; 
 
 Completing reference checks on the final candidate selected by the client; and 
 
 Assisting the client in structuring compensation packages and supporting the successful candidate s integration into the client team. 
 
 On-Demand Talent. Our on-demand services provide clients seamless, on-demand access to top independent talent, including professionals with deep industry and functional expertise for interim leadership roles and critical, project-based initiatives. Our unique model delivers the right independent talent on demand by blending proprietary data and technology with a dedicated Talent Solutions team. This segment represented less than 10 of our net revenue in 2022. 
 
 Heidrick Consulting . As a complement and extension of our search services, we partner with organizations through Heidrick Consulting to unlock the power of their people. Our tools and experts use data and technology to bring science to the art of human capital development and organizational design. Our services allow our clients to accelerate their strategies and the effectiveness of individual leaders, teams and organizations as a whole. 
 4 

Heidrick Consulting offers our clients impactful approaches to human capital development through a myriad of solutions, ranging from leadership assessment and development, team and organization acceleration, digital acceleration and innovation, diversity and inclusion advisory services, and culture shaping. Applying our deep understanding of the behaviors and attributes of leaders across many of the world s premier companies, we guide our clients as they build a thriving culture of future-ready leadership. These premium services and offerings, which complement our Executive Search expertise, significantly contribute to our ability to deliver a full-service human capital consulting solution to our clients. 
 
 We continue to focus on increasing the scale and impact of our Heidrick Consulting business and expect to improve the operating margins of this important business as we do so. Our consulting services generate revenue primarily through the professional fees generated for each engagement which are generally based on the size of the project and scope of services. Our Heidrick Consulting teams have pivoted to create new digital solutions for Leadership Assessments, Team Acceleration, and Organization and Culture Acceleration that can be delivered virtually in response to the hybrid work arrangements utilized by our clients around the world. This segment represented less than 10 of our net revenue in 2022. 
 
 Organization 
 
 Our organizational structure, which is arranged by geography, service offering and industry and functional practices, is designed to enable us to better understand our clients cultures, operations, business strategies, industries and regional markets for leadership talent. 
 
 Geographic Structure . We provide senior-level executive search and consulting services to our clients worldwide through a network of 55 offices in 30 countries including our affiliates in 2022. Each office size varies; however, major locations are staffed with consultants, research associates, administrative assistants and other support staff. Administrative functions are centralized where possible, although certain support and research functions are situated regionally because of variations in local requirements. We face risks associated with political instability, legal requirements and currency fluctuations in our international operations. Examples of such risks include difficulties in managing global operations, social and political instability, regulations and potential adverse tax consequences. For a more complete description of the risks associated with our business see the Section in this Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors . 
 
 In addition to our wholly owned subsidiaries during 2022, our worldwide network included an affiliate relationship in South Africa. In 2023, we have hired the employees and ended our affiliate relationship in South Africa while also adding a new affiliate in Ukraine. We have no financial investment in this affiliate but receive licensing fees from them for the use of our name and our databases. Licensing fees were less than 1 of our net revenue in 2022. 
 
 Information by Geography. We operate our Executive Search services in three geographic regions, each of which is reported as a separate reporting segment: the Americas (which includes the countries in North and South America); Europe (which includes the continents of Europe and Africa); and Asia Pacific (which includes the region generally known as the Middle East). Our On-Demand Talent and Heidrick Consulting reporting segments operate globally. 
 
 Americas Executive Search. As of December 31, 2022, we had 203 consultants in our Americas segment. The largest offices in this segment, as defined by net revenue, are located in New York, Chicago, and Boston. 
 
 Europe Executive Search. As of December 31, 2022, we had 113 consultants in our Europe segment. The largest countries in this segment, as defined by net revenue, are the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. 
 
 Asia Pacific Executive Search . As of December 31, 2022, we had 74 consultants in our Asia Pacific segment. The largest countries in this segment, as defined by net revenue, are Australia, China (including Hong Kong), and the United Arab Emirates. 
 
 On-Demand Talent. The largest countries in this segment, as defined by net revenue, are the United States and the United Kingdom. 
 
 Heidrick Consulting. As of December 31, 2022, we had 70 consultants in our Heidrick Consulting segment. The largest countries in this segment, as defined by net revenue, are the United States, the United Kingdom, and France. 
 
 5 

The relative percentages of net revenue attributable to each segment were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Executive Search Americas 57 58 58 Europe 16 17 20 Asia Pacific 11 11 13 On-Demand Talent 9 7 Heidrick Consulting 7 7 9 
 
 For financial information relating to each segment, see Note 18, Segment Information , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Global Industry Practices. Our executive search and consulting businesses operate in six broad industry groups listed below. These industry categories and their relative sizes, as measured by billings for 2022, 2021 and 2020, are as follows: 
 Percentage of Billings Global Industry Practices 2022 2021 2020 Financial Services 27 27 25 Global Technology Services 23 23 21 Industrial 20 20 20 Consumer Markets 16 15 17 Healthcare Life Sciences 11 13 14 Social Impact 3 2 3 100 100 100 
 
 Within each broad industry group are a number of industry sub-sectors. Consultants often specialize in one or more sub-sectors to provide clients with market intelligence and candidate knowledge specific to their industry. For example, within the Financial Services sector, our business is diversified amongst a number of industry sub-sectors including Asset Wealth Management, Consumer Commercial Finance, Commodities, Corporate and Transaction Banking, Global Markets, Hedge Fund, Infrastructure, Investment Banking, Insurance, Private Equity Investment Professionals and Real Estate. 
 
 We service our clients with global industry interests and needs through unified global executive search teams who specialize in industry practices. This go-to-market strategy allows us to leverage our global diversity and market intelligence and is designed to provide better client service. Each client is served by one global account team, which we believe is a key differentiator from our competition. 
 
 Global Functional Practices . Our Executive Search consultants also specialize in searches for specific C-level functional positions, which are roles that generally report directly to the chief executive officer. 
 
 Our Global Functional Practices include Chief Executive Officer Board of Directors; Human Resources Officers; Financial Officers; Information and Technology Officers; Legal, Risk, Compliance Government Affairs; Marketing, Sales and Strategy Officers; and Supply Chain and Operations. 
 
 Our team of Executive Search consultants may service clients from any of our offices around the world. For example, an executive search for a chief financial officer of an industrial company located in the United Kingdom may involve an executive search consultant in the United Kingdom with an existing relationship with the client, another executive search consultant in the United States with expertise in our Industrial practice and a third executive search consultant with expertise in recruiting chief financial officers. This same industrial client may also engage us to perform skill-based assessments for each of its senior managers, which could require the expertise of one of our leadership advisory consultants trained in this service. 
 
 6 

Client Base 
 
 For many of our clients, our global access to and knowledge of regional and functional markets and candidate talent is an important differentiator of our business. Our clients generally fall into one of the following categories: 
 
 Fortune 1000 companies; 
 
 Major U.S. and non-U.S. companies; 
 
 Middle market and emerging growth companies; 
 
 Private equity firms; 
 
 Governmental, higher education and not-for-profit organizations; and 
 
 Other leading private and public entities. 
 
 Clients and Marketing 
 
 Our consultants market the firm s executive search and consulting services through two principal means: targeted client calling and industry networking with clients and referral sources. These efforts are supported by proprietary databases, which provide our consultants with information as to contacts made by their colleagues with particular referral sources, candidates and clients. In addition, we benefit from a significant number of referrals generated by our reputation for high quality service and successfully completed assignments, as well as repeat business resulting from our ongoing client relationships. 
 
 In support of client calling and networking, the practice teams as well as individual consultants also author and publish articles and white papers on a variety of leadership and talent topics and trends around the world. Our consultants often present research findings and talent insights at notable conferences and events as well. Our insights are sometimes acknowledged by major media outlets and trade journalists. These efforts aid in the marketing of our services as well. 
 
 Either by agreement with the client or to maintain strong client relationships, we may refrain from recruiting certain employees of a client for a specified period of time taking into account the scope, size and length of the engagement, as well as the client relationship. Such restrictions allow us to strengthen and deepen our advisory engagement with clients, and we believe they remain manageable given their tailoring, such that we continue to be able to conduct searches effectively notwithstanding certain off-limits arrangements. 
 
 No single client accounted for more than 1 of our net revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020. As a percentage of total revenue, our top ten clients in aggregate accounted for approximately 6 in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Information Management Systems 
 
 We rely on technology to support our consultants and staff in the search process. We employ a global approach to executive search built on better insights, more data and faster decision making facilitated by the use of our proprietary Heidrick Leadership Framework and Heidrick Connect. Our Heidrick Leadership Framework allows clients to holistically evaluate a candidate's pivotal experience and expertise, leadership capabilities, agility and potential, and culture fit and impact, thereby allowing our clients to find the right person for the role. We supplement our Heidrick Leadership Framework through a series of additional online tools including our Leadership Accelerator, Leadership Signature and Culture Signature assessments. Heidrick Connect, a completely digital, always available, client experience portal allows our clients to access talent insights for each engagement, including the Heidrick Leadership Framework and other proprietary assessment tools. In response to working remotely, our Executive Search teams employed Heidrick Connect to operate effectively and efficiently while engaging virtually with our clients. Additionally, we have introduced upgrades to Heidrick Connect, resulting in greater flexibility, increased productivity and the ability to deliver more insights to our clients. 
 
 Our consulting business proprietary Web-based system, Culture Connect, is integral to the culture-shaping process. This technology platform enables our consultants to administer, analyze and interpret online Corporate Culture Profiles surveys to develop clarity around team and organizational need and desired outcomes. In addition, we gather data using our online Culture Impact Survey to determine which culture-shaping concepts are being utilized by individuals and the team as a whole. Our Heidrick Consulting teams have pivoted to create new digital solutions for Leadership Assessments, Team Acceleration, and 
 7 

Organization and Culture Acceleration that can be delivered virtually in response to the hybrid work arrangements utilized by our clients around the world. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The executive search industry is highly competitive. While we face competition to some degree from all firms in the industry, we believe our most direct competition comes from four established global retained executive search firms that conduct searches primarily for the most senior-level positions within an organization. In particular, our competitors include Egon Zehnder International, Korn Ferry, Russell Reynolds Associates, and Spencer Stuart. To a lesser extent, we also face competition from smaller boutique firms that specialize in certain regional markets or industry segments, internet-based firms and social media. Additionally, our clients or prospective clients may decide to perform executive searches using in-house personnel. Each of the competitors is also a competitor in the marketplace for effective search consultants. 
 
 Overall, the search industry has relatively few barriers to entry; however, there are higher barriers to entry to compete with global retained executive search firms that can provide leadership consulting services at the senior executive level. At this level, clients rely more heavily on a search firm s reputation, global access and the experience level of its consultants. We believe that the segment of executive search in which we compete is more quality-sensitive than price-sensitive. As a result, we compete on the level of service we offer, reflected by our client services specialties and, ultimately, by the quality of our search results. We believe that our emphasis on senior-level executive search, the depth of experience of our search consultants and our global presence enable us to compete favorably with other executive search firms. 
 
 Competition in the leadership consulting and on-demand talent markets in which we operate is highly fragmented, with no universally recognized market leaders. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 There is no discernible seasonality in our business. Revenue and operating income have historically varied by quarter and are hard to predict from quarter to quarter. In addition, the volatility in the global economy and business cycles can impact our quarterly revenue and operating income. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 As a premier provider of global leadership advisory services including executive search, consulting and on-demand talent services, people are at the center of all we do. Building a more diverse and inclusive firm is a strategic priority, and our culture is a key differentiator we have to attract, develop and retain the highest-performing talent. 
 
 Employee Summary. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 2,141 individuals, represented by 1,277 in the Americas, 563 in Europe, and 301 in Asia Pacific. Our headcount includes 460 consultants (390 related to Executive Search and 70 related to Heidrick Consulting), 615 associates and 1,066 other search, consulting, on-demand talent, support, and Global Operations Support employees. 
 
 Within Executive Search and Heidrick Consulting, our professionals are generally categorized either as consultants or associates. Associates assist consultants by providing research support, coordinating candidate contact and performing other engagement-related functions. We promote our associates to consultants during the annual consultant promotion process, initially to Principals and ultimately Partners, and we recruit our consultants from other executive search or human capital firms, or in the case of executive search, consultants new to search who have worked in industries or functions represented by our practices. In the latter case, these are often seasoned executives with extensive contacts and outstanding reputations who are entering the search profession as a second career and whom we train in our techniques and methodologies. Our Heidrick Consulting consultants are recruited for their executive business experience as well as their skills in consulting and leadership advisory and often are former clients who are familiar with our consulting methodology. We are not a party to any U.S. or non-U.S.-based collective bargaining agreement, and we consider relations with our employees to be good. 
 
 Diversity Equity and Inclusion DEI . We believe our success is grounded in how we operate each and every day as individual professionals and, collectively, as a firm. Our commitment to DEI is a key strategic imperative that is deeply rooted in our organizational Values: Respect and value each individual; Grow with our clients; Win as one firm; Always act with integrity; and Own the results. These Values guide us in how we approach our business, how we treat our colleagues and clients, and how we help build trust and a common understanding of what we stand for and believe in as a firm. 
 
 8 

As part of this, we are committed to fostering an inclusive workforce, where all professionals from diverse backgrounds are represented, engaged and empowered to make meaningful contributions. Our long-term DEI commitments span multiple years and we hold ourselves accountable by measuring our own diversity and inclusion achievements year over year, closely monitoring and tracking our progress. Our commitment to hold ourselves accountable by measuring our own diversity and inclusion is demonstrated by our achievements as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Women represent 63 of our overall workforce, 64 of our new hires (1) for the year and 64 of our promotions globally for the year. 
 
 People of color (2) represent 26 of our overall U.S. workforce, 33 of our new hires (1) for the year and 18 of our promotions for the year. 
 
 43 of our Board of Directors members are women and 29 of its members are people of color, including three women, one Black man and one Asian man, our Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Our Management Committee, a global body, is 33 gender diverse, including ten women. This Committee is 20 racially/ethnically diverse, including two Black women, two Hispanic men and one Asian man. 
 
 47 of the Chief Executive Officer's direct reports are women, including our Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Legal Officer Corporate Secretary and Global Managing Partner, Head of Search, Go-To-Market, co-head of our CEO Board practice, and co-CEOs of our On-Demand Talent Business. 
 
 Our Regional Leader, Americas is a Black woman; our Chief Diversity Officer is a Black woman; and our Regional Leader, Europe is a woman. 
 
 The leaders of our Americas CEO Board practice and global DEI practice are Black men; our Managing Partner, Culture Shaping is a Hispanic woman. 
 
 The Managing Partner of our Global Technology Services practice is a Hispanic man. 
 
 Women lead our Corporate Officers, Chief Human Resources Officers and Financial Officers practices and two of our largest offices. 
 
 (1) Excludes temporary employees deployed to clients in our on-demand talent business 
 (2) United States employees only 
 
 Additional data measurements include the following statistics and inform our DEI strategic priorities towards our firm s commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce. 
 
 The following table summarizes diversity statistics of our employee population that are vice presidents (1) and above as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Gender Age Group Race/Ethnicity (2) 
 Male 59 Under 30 Asian 6 Female 41 30-50 60 Black or African-American 3 Over 50 40 Hispanic or Latino 2 Two or More Races 2 White 87 
 (1) Includes consultants 
 (2) United States employees only 
 
 9 

The following table summarizes diversity statistics of our employee population that are below the vice president level as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Gender Age Group Race/Ethnicity (1) 
 Male 30 Under 30 32 Asian 10 Female 70 30-50 49 Black or African-American 8 Over 50 19 Hispanic or Latino 8 Two or More Races 4 White 70 
 (1) United States employees only 
 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion are imperative for our internal culture and integral to driving our firm s innovation and future growth. We have committed substantial time and resources to advance diversity in our workforce and create a culture of inclusion, where everyone feels valued and supported and encouraged to meaningfully contribute to our success through authentic participation. By cultivating a culture that brings the maximum range of ideas and experiences to our work with clients around the world, we believe we create better solutions for our clients business challenges and win as one firm. 
 
 In 2022, our DEI efforts were comprised of many initiatives, including: 
 
 Appointed Cecilia Nelson-Hurt as Chief Diversity Officer to lead the firm s employee-focused DEI strategy and deliver long-term, sustainable programs that build on our Values and commitment to creating the most diverse and inclusive global leadership advisory firm in the industry. 
 
 Continued to support our Accelerating Women s Excellence ("AWE") program as part of our ongoing commitment to promote gender parity in leadership roles and foster a strong culture of sponsorship by both men and women. In 2022, 52 of Partner promotions were women, and 63 of Principal promotions were women. 
 
 Continued firm-wide DEI learning content through our Inclusive Culture Learning Journeys a monthly collection of content for our employees to broaden their knowledge around the topics of diversity, inclusion and integrity. Each month, we introduced a new theme and shared relevant articles and learning resources focused on strengthening our inclusive culture and aligning with our Values. 
 
 Our Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs") exemplify our people-first approach and represent a safe space for employees to promote and celebrate affinity and community while providing the firm a window into what the groups represented need. Each month the various ERGs at the Company offer educational programming and networking opportunities to engage and develop employees. 
 
 Employee Engagement. In June 2022, we launched a new Voice of Employee pulse survey platform that offers employees the opportunity to regularly and confidentially share feedback on their experience at Heidrick Struggles and provides our leaders with additional data on how they can best lead their teams. We use the tool to evaluate three areas of the employee experience: Engagement, Diversity Inclusion, and Health Wellbeing. Data from the surveys is shared anonymously with key leaders across geographies, practices and businesses. Additionally, the platform allows us to track our progress and better understand how we are doing in our efforts, while using others in the industry as benchmarks. 
 
 Learning Development. We are committed to the professional development of our employees and promoting a continuous learning culture within our firm. Our learning and development programs have been created with the goal of building leadership, business development, account management, client service, and change leadership skills among our employees. In addition to building personal and professional capabilities, these programs set a standard for the behaviors we believe will help us realize our business goals and strategies. 
 
 In 2022, our Learning Development team delivered over 17,900 hours of aggregate live training to our colleagues globally. Our programming was deployed in both virtual and in-person formats. Our learning catalog outlines dozens of live and virtual programs as well as thousands of eLearning courses designed to help build and enhance employee leadership, business acumen and business development skills. These programs are continually updated to reflect best practices and feedback received from employees. 
 
 10 

As we strive to build an unrivaled culture for high-performing talent at Heidrick Struggles, our firm s leaders continue to play a central role in this work, and we are further investing in our firm s own leadership capabilities. This includes the launch of a new transformational leadership development program, which is designed to help our leaders maximize their impact in the rapidly evolving workplace and build upon existing leadership skills and experiences, focusing on resilience, vulnerability, trust, and living our firm s values. In 2022, we launched six cohorts and 119 senior level employees went through the program. The program is a multi-year investment in our leadership that we plan to cascade across multiple cohort groups throughout the organization. 
 
 Participation in our Communities. We are proud members and eager participants in supporting the communities where we live and work. We know first-hand from our client work the positive e ects that strong leaders can bring to both organizations and communities and encourage employees to contribute to our communities as well. 
 
 The Company formed a Global Philanthropic Committee in 2019 to establish a coordinated, global approach to supporting the philanthropic causes and endeavors that impact our employees, clients and communities. In 2022, employees participated in our 4 th Global Day of Service where colleagues in over 40 offices around the world donated over 2,400 hours. We also support our employees who bring attention to philanthropic causes and organizations that they engage with independently. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits. Our goal is not only to challenge our employees to reach their potential professionally, and reward them for great work, but also to understand and consider their need to be simultaneously healthy, balanced and focused. We believe in fair compensation, based upon demonstrated capabilities and achievement, experience and superior performance. We place great importance on incentivizing, recognizing and rewarding performance and behaviors aligned with our Values in the form of discretionary bonus awards. Through our benefits program, we demonstrate commitment to fostering an environment in which employees are able to maintain a healthy work-life balance. Our benefits are administered on a country-by-country basis, so that benefits are comparable to other employers within each jurisdiction and our industry. We use several measures to ensure that our benefits offerings are up-to-date, competitive in the marketplace, and in line with employee needs, including employee surveys, benchmarking exercises, and other benefits measurement tools. Benefits offered to our employees may include annual leave and other paid time off, medical, dental and vision benefits, prescription drug benefits, flexible spending accounts, employee assistance programs, 401(k) and deferred compensation retirement programs, short and long-term disability insurance, critical illness insurance and life insurance. 
 
 Employee Health and Safety . We continue to focus on helping to ensure the health and safety of our employees, clients and the communities where we live and work around the globe. In late 2022, we expanded our flexible working philosophy to provide additional guidance to managers and employees across the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific on our evolving approach to a hybrid work environment. Our employees have the flexibility to work remotely part of the week, with variations depending upon location and role, and we encourage teams to structure their schedules for a purposeful return to office. We are committed to ensuring our people can safely follow country- and state-level health guidance, while also having the opportunity to grow professionally and personally through in-person collaboration and development. 
 
 For our complete ESG story, the Company s 2021 ESG Report can be found here: https://investors.heidrick.com/static-files/518a94ad-8473-4268-8cd2-a6665ac4d731. The information contained in the Company s 2021 ESG Report, or otherwise on or connected to the Company s website, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 
 Ethics. Employees are encouraged to speak to their colleagues and representatives in Legal and Human Resources whenever an ethical question or situation arises. We also have established the Heidrick Struggles EthicsLine, a service that provides a mechanism for reporting alleged breaches of any legal or regulatory obligations, financial fraud, including with respect to accounting, internal controls and auditing, or any alleged violation of the Code of Ethics or corporate policies to the Company. The EthicsLine is a web-based and telephonic reporting hotline available to all Company employees, contractors, vendors, stockholders, clients, or other interested parties. The EthicsLine is administered by an independent third party that specializes in running whistleblower hotline programs for companies throughout the U.S. Calls are not recorded and callers may remain anonymous. The EthicsLine is operational 24 hours a day, seven days a week. To contact the EthicsLine, you may visit heidrick.ethicspoint.com or dial 800-735-0589 toll-free in the U.S. For outside the U.S. you may dial one of our local lines, 800 94 50 54 (France); 0800 1819941 (Germany); 0800 048 5486 (UK); or 704-731-7242 (Global). 
 
 Regulation 
 
 We are subject to the U.S. securities laws and general corporate and commercial laws and regulations of the locations which we serve. These include regulations regarding anti-bribery, privacy and data protection, intellectual property, data security, data retention, personal information, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, and classification of workers as 
 11 

employees or independent contractors, which is especially relevant to our On-Demand Talent segment. In particular, we are subject to federal, state, and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of people's data. Foreign data protection, privacy, and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. Most notably, certain aspects of our business are subject to the EU's and UK's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). We have a global privacy program to facilitate our ongoing efforts to comply with global privacy regulations, including GDPR and other rapidly emerging privacy and data protection laws in countries such as Brazil and China, or states in the U.S. such as California. U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to change. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We maintain an Internet website at http://www.heidrick.com . We make available free of charge through the investor relations section of our website annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request of any shareholder to our Investor Relations Officer, are our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, charters for our Audit and Finance Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee and Nominating and Board Governance Committee, our Director Independence Standards, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Policy on Resolution of Conflicts of Interest for Directors and Executive Officers, our Related Party Transactions Policy, our Clawback Policy, our Insider Trading Policy, and our Code of Ethics governing our directors, officers and employees. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Ethics and any waiver applicable to any executive officer, director or senior financial officer. 
 
 In addition, our website includes information concerning purchases and sales of our equity securities by our officers and directors, as well as disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC s Regulation G) that we may make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or by similar means from time to time. The information contained on or accessible through our website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into and is not part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Our Investor Relations Officer can be contacted at Heidrick Struggles International, Inc., 233 South Wacker Drive, Suite 4900, Chicago, Illinois, 60606, Attn: Investor Relations Officer, telephone: 312-496-1200, 
 e-mail: InvestorRelations@heidrick.com . 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to other information in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business because such factors may have a material impact on our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. 
 
 12 

Company Risks 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 We depend on attracting, integrating, developing, managing, and retaining qualified consultants and senior leaders. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop, integrate, manage and retain quality consultants with the skills and experience necessary to fulfill our clients needs and achieve our operational and financial goals. Our ability to hire and retain qualified consultants could be impaired by any diminution of our reputation, disparity in compensation relative to our competitors, modifications to our total compensation philosophy or competitor hiring programs. If we cannot attract, hire, develop and retain qualified consultants, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our future success also depends upon our ability to integrate newly hired consultants successfully into our operations, to manage the performance of our consultants, and to train and incentivize them to introduce new services and solutions to clients. Failure to successfully integrate newly hired consultants or to manage the performance of our consultants could affect our profitability by causing operating inefficiencies that could increase operating expenses and reduce operating income. There is also a risk that unanticipated turnover in senior leadership could stall Company activity, interrupt strategic vision or lower productive output, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to prevent our consultants from taking our clients with them to another firm. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to develop and maintain strong, long-term relationships with our clients. Although we work on building these relationships between our firm and our clients, in many cases one or two consultants have primary responsibility for a client relationship. When a consultant leaves one executive search firm and joins another, clients who have established relationships with the departing consultant may move, and in the past have moved, their business to the consultant s new employer. We may also lose, and in the past have lost, clients if the departing consultant has widespread name recognition or a reputation as a specialist in executing searches in a specific industry or management function. If we fail to retain important client relationships when a consultant departs our firm, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain our professional reputation and brand name. 
 
 We depend on our overall professional reputation and brand name recognition to secure new engagements and hire qualified consultants. Our success also depends on the individual reputations of our consultants. We obtain many of our new engagements from existing clients or from referrals by those clients. A client who is dissatisfied with our work can adversely affect our ability to secure new engagements. If any factor, including poor performance or the loss of relevant thought leadership, hurts our reputation we may experience difficulties in competing successfully for both new engagements and qualified consultants. Failure to maintain our professional reputation and brand name could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Because certain of our clients have arrangements that restrict us from recruiting their employees, we are constrained in our ability to fill or obtain new executive search assignments in certain cases. 
 
 Clients frequently require us to refrain from recruiting certain of their employees when conducting executive searches on behalf of other clients. These restrictions often have time and/or geographic limitations. The specific duration and scope of the off-limits arrangements depend on the length of the client relationship, the frequency with which the client engages us to perform searches, the number of assignments we have performed for the client and the potential for future business with the client. 
 
 Client restrictions on recruiting their employees create constraints on our ability to fulfill certain executive searches. Additionally, if a prospective client believes that we are overly restricted from recruiting the employees of our existing clients, these prospective clients may not engage us to perform their executive searches. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 
 13 

We rely heavily on information management systems. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to store, retrieve, process and manage substantial amounts of information. To achieve our goals, we must ensure that our information management systems continue to function properly, while also improving and upgrading them. Our information management systems are subject to the risk of failure, obsolescence and inadequacy. Further, we may be unable to license, design and implement, in a cost-effective and timely manner, improved information systems that allow us to compete effectively and can handle the increased demands of the planned expansion and diversification of our business. In addition, business process reengineering efforts may result in a change in software platforms and programs. Such efforts may result in an acceleration of depreciation expense over the shortened expected remaining life of the software and present transitional problems. If it were determined or alleged that our information management systems infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, we could face increased costs or our ability to use such systems, or to derive all of the intended benefits from them, could be delayed, impaired or blocked if we are unable to license such intellectual property or remedy the infringement. Problems or issues with our proprietary search system or other factors may result in interruptions or loss in our information processing capabilities which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are investing in new technology and intellectual property for the introduction of new products and services to our clients. Our inability to successfully implement these new technologies, products and services could negatively affect our business and profitability. 
 
 We continue to invest in new technology and intellectual property to enhance the products and services we offer to penetrate new markets and increase our client base. The development of new technology and intellectual property is subject to a number of risks including customer acceptance, intellectual property infringement, obsolescence and increased expenditures for research and development. The success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of factors, including timely and effective development and market acceptance, and can be negatively impacted by various factors such as quality issues, the risk of exposure or misuse of confidential client information or other deficiencies and the risk that our competitors beat us to market with similar or more highly regarded products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services may prove disruptive to our operations by placing additional demands on our employees and management team and on our information, financial, marketing, administrative and operational systems, processes and controls. There can be no assurance that we will successfully develop new technology and intellectual property and effectively manage future introductions and transitions of products and services. Furthermore, as we develop new technology intended to allow us to derive greater insights from our data or data entrusted to us by clients, there is a risk that such technology may not be designed or operate to produce the types or quality of results that will enable us to succeed as the market for our products and services continues to evolve, and a risk that our new products and services will not find market acceptance due to changes in clients' needs, technology, competitive pressures, or other external factors. If our new products and services are not successfully implemented or received by our clients, our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our professional reputation, could be adversely affected. 
 
 We are dependent on third parties for the execution of certain critical functions. 
 
 We do not maintain all of our technology infrastructure, and we have outsourced certain other critical applications and business processes to external providers, including cloud-based services. The failure or inability to perform on the part of one or more of these critical suppliers or partners could cause significant disruptions and increased costs. We are also dependent on security measures that some of our third-party vendors are taking to protect their own systems and infrastructures. If our third -party vendors do not maintain adequate security measures, do not require their sub-contractors to maintain adequate security measures, do not perform as anticipated and in accordance with contractual requirements, or become targets of cyber-attacks, we may experience operational difficulties and increased costs, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and our business. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 We face the risk of liability in the services we perform. 
 
 We are exposed to potential claims with respect to the executive search process. A client could assert a claim for violations of off-limits arrangements, breaches of confidentiality agreements or professional malpractice. In addition, candidates could assert claims against us. Possible claims include failure to maintain the confidentiality of the candidate s employment search or personal data or for discrimination or other violations of the employment laws or malpractice. The growth and development of our other business lines bring with it the potential for similar claims as well as new types of claims from clients and client employees. In various countries, we are subject to data protection laws impacting the processing of candidate and client 
 14 

employee information. We maintain professional liability insurance in amounts and coverage that we believe are adequate; however, we cannot guarantee that our insurance will cover all claims or that coverage will always be available. Significant liabilities in excess of, or otherwise outside, our insurance coverage could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Data security, data privacy and data protection laws, such as GDPR, and other evolving regulations and cross-border data transfer restrictions, may limit the use of our services and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. As a result, we are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad, which may require us to make changes to our approach to services, solutions and/or products so as to enable the Company and/or our clients to meet new legal requirements. Although we have a global data privacy program that is designed to address the requirements applicable to our international business, ongoing efforts to comply with GDPR and other rapidly emerging privacy and data protection laws in countries such as Brazil and China, or states in the U.S. such as California, has increased the complexity of our compliance operations, and could in the future entail substantial expenses, and divert resources from other initiatives and projects. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations could lead to more onerous obligations in our contracts, limiting our storage, transfer and processing of data and, in some cases, make it more difficult and costly to meet client expectations, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, due to the uncertainty and potentially conflicting interpretations of these laws, it is possible that such laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable laws or satisfactorily protect personal information could result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or negative publicity, any of which could inhibit sales of our services, solutions and/or products in certain locations. 
 
 There may be adverse tax, legal, and other consequences if the independent contractor classification of our on-demand independent talent is challenged. 
 
 We classify the on-demand talent available through On-Demand Talent primarily as independent contractors. In general, any time a court or administrative agency determines that we or our clients have misclassified an on-demand consultant as an independent contractor, we or our clients could incur tax and other liabilities for failing to properly withhold or pay taxes on the consultant s compensation as well as potential wage and hour and other liabilities depending on the circumstances and jurisdiction. For on-demand talent who are classified as employees, some jurisdictions impose licensing and other requirements. If a court or administrative agency determines that we have failed to comply with these requirements, we could be subject to fines, revocation of licensure, or other penalties. 
 
 We may become subject to administrative inquiries and audits concerning the taxation and classification of our on-demand consultants. There is often uncertainty in the application of worker classification laws, and consequently there is risk to us and to clients that independent contractors could be deemed to be misclassified under applicable law. The tests governing whether a service provider is an independent contractor or an employee are typically highly fact sensitive and vary by governing law. Laws and regulations that govern the status and misclassification of independent contractors are also subject to change as well as to divergent interpretations by various authorities, which can create uncertainty and unpredictability. 
 
 A misclassification determination, allegation, claim, or audit involving our on-demand consultants creates potential exposure for clients and for us, including but not limited to reputational harm and monetary exposure arising from or relating to failure to withhold and remit taxes, unpaid wages, and wage and hour laws and requirements (such as those pertaining to minimum wage and overtime); claims for employee benefits, social security contributions, and workers compensation and unemployment insurance; claims of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation under civil rights laws; claims under laws pertaining to unionizing, collective bargaining, and other concerted activity; and other claims, charges, or other proceedings under laws and regulations applicable to employers and employees, including risks relating to allegations of joint employer liability. Such claims could result in monetary damages (including but not limited to wage-based damages or restitution, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, and punitive damages), interest, fines, penalties, costs, fees (including but not limited to attorneys fees), criminal and other liability, assessment, injunctive relief, or settlement, all of which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 15 

Increased cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks could pose a risk to our systems, networks, solutions, services and data. 
 
 Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks could pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Furthermore, the Company's hybrid work arrangements may make it more vulnerable to targeted activity from cybercriminals and may increase the risk of cyberattacks or other security breaches. We have a program in place designed to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. We also have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and client-imposed controls. Despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, lost data, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems or networks, or unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information. In addition, a cyber-related attack could result in other negative consequences, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, remediation or increased protection costs, litigation or regulatory action which could result in a negative impact to our results of operations. 
 
 Industry and General Economic Risks 
 
 A worsening of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases, could adversely impact or cause disruption to our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. and global economy, may further disrupt financial markets and could potentially create widespread business continuity issues. 
 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in response, such as stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, vaccine mandates and testing requirements, have created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. Beginning in the 2020 second quarter, we experienced a decline in demand for our executive search and consulting services, a lengthening of the executive search process due to a slow-down in client decision making and an inability to execute in-person consulting engagements, which negatively impacted our results of operations. The sustained economic downturn resulted in the impairment of the goodwill in our Europe and Asia Pacific reporting units. In 2021 and 2022, our results of operations were not materially impacted by the pandemic, however, the extent to which any future worsening of the pandemic (such as future resurgences or the emergence of new variant strains of the COVID-19 virus) might impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response on our operations, the effect on our clients businesses and their demand for our services, supply chain disruptions, travel restrictions, and the general level of economic activity in the countries which we operate. 
 
 The impact of a worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein, any of which could have a material effect on us. The ultimate effect that a worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic or other similar outbreaks of highly contagious or infectious diseases may have on our business, financial condition or results of operations is not presently known to us or may present unanticipated risks that cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 We face aggressive competition. 
 
 The global executive search industry is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with other large global executive search firms, smaller specialty firms and, more recently with Internet-based firms and social media. Specialty firms may focus on regional or functional markets or on particular industries to a greater extent than we do. Some of our competitors may possess greater resources, greater name recognition and longer operating histories than we do in particular markets or practice areas, or be willing to reduce their fees or agree to alternative pricing practices in order to attract clients and increase market share. Our competitors may be further along in the development and design of technological solutions to meet client requirements, and our new products and services could encounter significant competition from more mature participants in those areas. 
 
 There are limited barriers to entry into the search industry and new search firms continue to enter the market. Executive search firms that have a smaller client base than we do may be subject to fewer off-limits arrangements. In addition, our clients or prospective clients may decide to perform executive searches using in-house personnel. Also, as Internet-based firms continue to evolve, they may develop offerings similar to or more expansive than ours, thereby increasing competition for our services or more broadly disrupting the executive search industry. As a result, we may not be able to continue to compete effectively with existing or potential competitors and we may not be able to implement our leadership strategy effectively. Our 
 16 

inability to meet these competitive challenges could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our net revenue and operating expenses may be affected by adverse economic conditions including inflation. 
 
 Demand for our services is affected by global economic conditions and the general level of economic activity in the geographic regions in which we operate. During periods of slowed economic activity many companies hire fewer permanent employees, choose to rely on their own human resources departments rather than third-party search firms to find talent or cut back on human resource initiatives, all of which negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. We also may experience more competitive pricing pressure during periods of economic decline . If unfavorable changes in economic conditions occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. Accelerated and pronounced economic pressures, such as the recent inflationary cost pressures, may negatively impact our expense base by increasing the costs we pay, including for services and employees, and may negatively impact revenues if our efforts to compensate for higher costs by raising our prices cause clients to reduce the volume of business they do with us or reduce our ability to attract new clients. 
 
 A significant currency fluctuation between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could adversely impact our operating income. 
 
 With our operations in the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific, we conduct business using various currencies. In 2022, approximately 34 of our net revenue was generated outside the United States. We do not enter into hedging transactions relating to our exposure to currency fluctuations. As we typically transact business in the local currency of our subsidiaries, our profitability may be impacted by the translation of foreign currency financial statements into U.S. dollars. Significant long-term fluctuations in relative currency values, in particular an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Currency fluctuations negatively impacted our net revenues and operating income by 3 and 4 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our ability to access additional credit could be limited. 
 
 Banks can be expected to strictly enforce the terms of our credit agreement. Although we are currently in compliance with the financial covenants of our revolving credit facility, a deterioration of economic conditions may negatively impact our business resulting in our failure to comply with these covenants, which could limit our ability to borrow funds under our credit facility or from other borrowing facilities in the future. In such circumstances, we may not be able to secure alternative financing or may only be able to do so at significantly higher costs. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our multinational operations may be adversely affected by social, political, regulatory, legal and economic risks. 
 
 We generate substantial revenue outside the United States. We offer our services through a network of offices in 29 countries around the world excluding our affiliates. Our ability to effectively serve our clients is dependent upon our ability to successfully leverage our operating model across all of these and any future locations, maintain effective management controls over all of our locations to ensure, among other things, compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, and instill our core values in all of our personnel at each of these and any future locations. We are exposed to the risk of changes in social, political, legal and economic conditions inherent in our operations, which could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we conduct business in countries where the legal systems, local laws and trade practices are unsettled and evolving. Commercial laws in these countries are sometimes vague, arbitrary and inconsistently applied. Under these circumstances, it is difficult for us to determine at all times the exact requirements of such local laws. If we fail to comply with local laws, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. In addition, the global nature of our operations poses challenges to our management, and financial and accounting systems. Failure to meet these challenges could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The ongoing war in Ukraine has had a number of adverse effects for businesses including a worsening of economic conditions in Europe and more broadly, heightened cybersecurity threats, volatility in foreign exchange rates, inflationary pressures and disruptions in energy, food and commodity markets. Following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, we ceased our operations in Russia, which represented an immaterial amount of our total revenue. There is substantial uncertainty about the future impact of this war and the response of the international community on the European economy and the global economy generally, including the risk that the conflict could escalate or expand, and the risk of a continuation or escalation of the effects described above, and heightened geopolitical instability generally. Any of these events or trends could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results, particularly our European and Asia Pacific operations. In addition, the continuation 
 17 

or extent to which the Russia-Ukraine war may intensify or expand could exacerbate or heighten many of the other risk factors described in this section. 
 
 Unfavorable tax law changes and tax authority rulings may adversely affect results. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, or changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets or tax laws. The amount of income taxes and other taxes are subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from amounts recorded, future financial results may include unfavorable tax adjustments. 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient profits to realize the benefit of our net deferred tax assets. 
 
 We establish valuation allowances against deferred tax assets when there is insufficient evidence that we will be able to realize the benefit of these deferred tax assets. We reassess our ability to realize deferred tax assets as facts and circumstances dictate. If after future assessments of our ability to realize the deferred tax assets we determine that a lesser or greater allowance is required, we record a reduction or increase to the income tax expense and the valuation allowance in the period of such determination. The uncertainty surrounding the future realization of our net deferred tax assets could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to align our cost structure with net revenue. 
 
 We must ensure that our costs and workforce continue to be in proportion to demand for our services. Failure to align our cost structure, including potential cost increases due to inflationary pressures and higher labor costs due to recent historically low levels of unemployment, and headcount with net revenue could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may experience impairment of our goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets. 
 
 In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we perform assessments of the carrying value of our goodwill at least annually, and we review our goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events occur or circumstances indicate that a carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. These events and circumstances include a significant change in business climate, attrition of key personnel, changes in financial condition or results of operations, a prolonged decline in our stock price and market capitalization, competition, and other factors. In performing these assessments, we must make assumptions regarding the estimated fair value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. These assumptions include estimates of future market growth and trends, forecasted revenue and costs, capital investments, discount rates, and other variables. If the fair market value of one of our reporting units or other long-term assets is less than the carrying amount of the related assets, we would be required to record an impairment charge. Beginning in the second quarter of 2020, in connection with the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced a decline in demand for our executive search and consulting services, a lengthening of the executive search process due to a slow-down in client decision making and an inability to execute in-person consulting engagements, which had a material adverse impact on our results of operations. As a result, we identified a triggering event and performed an interim goodwill impairment evaluation during the three months ended June 30, 2020 resulting in impairment charges of 24.5 million and 8.5 million, to write off all of the goodwill associated with the Europe and Asia Pacific reporting units, respectively. Due to continual changes in market and general business conditions, we cannot predict whether, and to what extent, our goodwill and long-lived intangible assets may be impaired in future periods. Any resulting impairment loss could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to execute and integrate future acquisitions, if any, could negatively affect our business and profitability. 
 
 Our future success may depend in part on our ability to complete the integration of acquisition targets successfully into our operations, including our recent acquisitions of Business Talent Group and Atreus Group GmbH. The process of executing and integrating an acquired business subjects us to a number of risks, including: 
 
 diversion of management attention; 
 
 failure to successfully further develop the acquired business; 
 
 18 

amortization of intangible assets, adversely affecting our reported results of operations; 
 
 inability to retain and/or integrate the management, key personnel and other employees of the acquired business; 
 
 inability to properly integrate businesses resulting in operating inefficiencies; 
 
 inability to establish uniform standards, disclosure controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and other systems, procedures and policies in a timely manner; 
 
 inability to retain the acquired company s clients; 
 
 exposure to legal claims for activities of the acquired business prior to acquisition; and 
 
 inability to generate revenues to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with an acquired business. 
 
 If our acquisitions are not successfully executed and integrated, our business, strategic position, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our professional reputation, could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have anti-takeover provisions that could make an acquisition of us difficult and expensive. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation, our By-laws and the laws of Delaware, our jurisdiction of incorporation, make it difficult and expensive for someone to acquire us in a transaction which is not approved by our Board of Directors. Some of the provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws include: 
 
 limitations on stockholder actions; and 
 
 the ability to issue one or more series of preferred stock by action of our Board of Directors. 
 
 These provisions could discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction in which stockholders could receive a premium over the then-current market price for the common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Chicago, Illinois. We have leased office space in 54 cities in 29 countries around the world. All of our offices are leased. We do not own any real estate. We believe our existing facilities are in good operating condition and are suitable for our current needs. We do not anticipate any significant difficulty replacing such facilities or locating additional facilities to accommodate future growth. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We have contingent liabilities from various pending claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of our business, some of which involve claims for damages that may be substantial in amount. Some of these matters are covered by insurance. Based upon information currently available, we believe the ultimate resolution of such claims and litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 19 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market for our Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock, 0.01 par value, is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol HSII . 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of February 15, 2023, we had 46 holders of record of our common stock and 19,861,207 shares of common stock outstanding. A greater number of holders of our common stock are beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 We have presented below a graph which compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common shares with the cumulative total stockholder return of the Standard Poor s SmallCap 600 Index and the Standard Poor s Composite 1500 Human Resource and Employment Services Index. The S P Composite 1500 Human Resource Employment Services Index includes 8 companies in related businesses, including Heidrick Struggles. Cumulative total return for each of the periods shown in the performance graph is measured assuming an initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017. 
 
 The stock price performance depicted in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. This graph will not be deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating this Form 10-K into any filing by us under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this information by reference. 

Assumes 100 invested on 12/31/17 in HSII or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Index Data - Copyright Standard and Poor's, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 
 20 

Dividends 
 
 From September 2007 through December 2018, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of 0.13 per share as approved by our Board of Directors. In 2019, we began paying a quarterly cash dividend of 0.15 per share as approved by our Board of Directors. In 2022, the total cash dividend paid was 0.60 per share. 
 
 In February 2023, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of 0.15 per share on our common stock which will be paid on March 24, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 10, 2023. Any future dividends will continue to be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 
 In connection with the quarterly cash dividend, we also pay a dividend equivalent on outstanding restricted stock units. The amounts related to the dividend equivalent payments for restricted stock units are accrued over the vesting period and paid upon vesting. In 2022 and 2021, we paid 0.6 million and 0.7 million, respectively, in dividend equivalent payments. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On February 11, 2008, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized management to repurchase shares of our common stock with an aggregate purchase price of up to 50 million (the "Repurchase Authorization"). We may from time to time and as business conditions warrant purchase shares of our common stock on the open market or in negotiated or block trades. No time limit has been set for completion of this program. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in 2022 or 2021. The most recent purchase of shares of common stock occurred during the year ended December 31, 2012. As of December 31, 2022, we have purchased 1,038,670 shares of our common stock pursuant to the Repurchase Authorization for a total of 28.3 million and 21.7 million remains available for future purchases under the Repurchase Authorization. 
 
 21 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The discussion that follows includes a comparison of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for years 2022 and 2021. For the discussion of changes from 2020 to 2021 and other financial information related to 2020, refer to "Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 

Executive Overview 
 
 Our Business 
 
 We are a human capital leadership advisory firm providing executive search, on-demand talent and consulting services. We help our clients build leadership teams by facilitating the recruitment, management and development of senior executives. We believe focusing on top-level services offers us several advantages that include access to and influence with key decision makers, increased potential for recurring search consulting engagements, higher fees per search, enhanced brand visibility and a leveraged global footprint, which create added barriers to entry for potential competitors. Working at the top of client organizations also allows us to attract and retain high-caliber consultants. 
 
 Our On-Demand Talent business is a market-leader in sourcing high-end, on-demand independent talent and provides clients seamless, on-demand access to top independent talent, including professionals with deep industry and functional expertise for interim leadership roles and critical, project-based initiatives. 
 
 As a complement and extension of our search services, we partner with organizations through Heidrick Consulting to unlock the power of their people. Our tools and experts use data and technology to bring science to the art of human capital development and organizational design. Our services allow our clients to accelerate their strategies and the effectiveness of individual leaders, teams and organizations as a whole. 
 
 We provide our services to a broad range of clients through the expertise of approximately 460 consultants located in major cities around the world. Our executive search services are provided on a retained basis. Revenue before reimbursements of out-of-pocket expenses net revenue consists of retainers and indirect expenses billed to clients. Typically, we are paid a retainer for our executive search services equal to approximately one-third of the estimated first-year compensation for the position to be filled. In addition, if the actual compensation of a placed candidate exceeds the estimated compensation, we often are authorized to bill the client for one-third of the excess. Indirect expenses are calculated as a percentage of the retainer with certain dollar limits per search. 
 
 The Company has five operating segments. The Executive Search business operates in the Americas, Europe (which includes Africa) and Asia Pacific (which includes the Middle East), and the Heidrick Consulting and On-Demand Talent businesses operate globally. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 
 We manage and assess our performance through various means, with primary financial and operational measures including net revenue, operating income, operating margin, Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) and Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP). Executive Search and Heidrick Consulting performance is also measured using consultant headcount. Specific to Executive Search, confirmed search (confirmation) trends, consultant productivity and average revenue per search are used to measure performance. Productivity is as measured by annualized Executive Search net revenue per consultant. 
 
 Revenue is driven by market conditions and a combination of the number of executive search engagements and consulting projects and the average revenue per search or project. With the exception of compensation expense and cost of services, incremental increases in revenue do not necessarily result in proportionate increases in costs, particularly operating and administrative expenses, thus creating the potential to improve operating margins. 
 
 The number of consultants, confirmation trends, number of searches or projects completed, productivity levels and the average revenue per search or project will vary from quarter to quarter, affecting net revenue and operating margin. 
 
 Our Compensation Model 
 22 

At the consultant level, there are fixed and variable components of compensation. Individuals are rewarded for their performance based on a system that directly ties a portion of their compensation to the amount of net revenue for which they are responsible. A portion of the reward may be based upon individual performance against a series of non-financial measures. Credit towards the variable portion of a consultant s compensation is earned by generating net revenue for winning and executing work. Each quarter, we review and update the expected annual performance of all consultants and accrue variable compensation accordingly. The amount of variable compensation that is accrued for each consultant is based on a tiered payout model. Overall Company performance determines the amount available for total variable compensation. The more net revenue that is generated by the consultant, the higher the percentage credited towards the consultant s variable compensation and thus accrued by our Company as expense. 
 
 The mix of individual consultants who generate revenue can significantly affect the total amount of compensation expense recorded, which directly impacts operating margin. As a result, the variable portion of the compensation expense may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. The total variable compensation is discretionary and is based on Company-wide financial targets approved by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Historically, a portion of the Company s consultants and management cash bonuses were deferred and paid over a three-year vesting period. The portion of the bonus was approximately 15 depending on the employee s level or position. The compensation expense related to the amounts being deferred was recognized on a graded vesting attribution method over the requisite service period. This service period began on January 1 of the respective fiscal year and continued through the deferral date, which coincided with the Company s bonus payments in the first half of the following year and for an additional three-year vesting period. The deferrals are recorded in Accrued salaries and benefits within both Current liabilities and Non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In 2020, the Company terminated the cash bonus deferral for consultants and, in 2021, terminated the cash bonus deferral for management. The Company now pays 100 of the cash bonuses earned by consultants and management in the first half of the following year. Consultant and management cash bonuses earned prior to 2020 and 2021, respectively, will continue to be paid under the terms of the cash bonus deferral program. The deferrals are recorded in Accrued salaries and benefits within both Current liabilities and Non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 2022 Overview 
 
 Consolidated net revenue increased 70.5 million, or 7.0 , to 1.1 billion in 2022 from 1.0 billion in 2021. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted results by 31.1 million, or 3.1 . Executive Search net revenue was 901.9 million in 2022, an increase of 33.2 million, or 3.8 , compared to 2021. The increase in Executive Search net revenue was primarily due to an increase in the average revenue per executive search compared to the prior year. On-Demand Talent net revenue was 91.3 million in 2022, an increase of 24.7 million, or 37.1 , compared to 2021. The increase in On-Demand Talent revenue was primarily due an increase in the volume of on-demand projects and the timing of the acquisition of Business Talent Group, LLC ("BTG") in the prior year. Heidrick Consulting net revenue was 80.2 million in 2022, an increase of 12.6 million, or 18.6 , compared to 2021. The increase in Heidrick Consulting revenue was primarily due to a 20.9 increase in the number of consulting engagements compared to the prior year. 
 
 The number of Executive Search and Heidrick Consulting consultants was 390 and 70, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, compared to 365 and 69, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Executive Search productivity, as measured by annualized net Executive Search revenue per consultant, was 2.3 million and 2.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Executive search confirmations decreased 5.3 compared to 2021. The average revenue per executive search increased to 143,600 in 2022 compared to 131,000 in the prior year. 
 
 Operating income as a percentage of net revenue was 10.5 in 2022, compared to 9.8 in 2021. The change in operating income was primarily due to an increase in net revenue of 70.5 million, and a decrease in restructuring charges of 3.8 million, partially offset by the addition of research and development costs of 20.4 million, and increases in salaries and benefits expense, general and administrative expenses, and cost of services of 20.0 million, 1.9 million, and 17.9 million, respectively. Salaries and benefits expense as a percentage of net revenue was 68.7 in 2022, compared to 71.5 in 2021. General and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue was 12.4 in 2022, compared to 13.0 in 2021. Cost of services expense as a percentage of net revenue was 6.6 in 2022, compared to 5.3 in 2021. 
 
 We ended the year with combined cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 621.6 million, an increase of 76.4 million compared to 545.2 million at December 31, 2021. We pay the majority of bonuses in the first half of the year following the year in which they were earned. Employee bonuses are accrued throughout the year and are based on the 
 23 

Company s performance and the performance of the individual employee. We expect to pay approximately 414.4 million in bonuses related to 2022 performance in March and April 2023. In January 2023, we paid approximately 7.6 million in cash bonuses deferred in prior years. 
 
 2023 First Quarter Outlook 
 
 The Company expects 2023 first quarter consolidated net revenue of between 235 million and 255 million, while acknowledging that some continued fluidity in external factors such as foreign exchange and interest rate environments, foreign conflicts, inflation and macroeconomic constraints on pricing actions may impact quarterly results. In addition, this outlook is based on the average currency rates in December 2022 and reflects, among other factors, management's assumptions for the anticipated volume of new Executive Search confirmations, On-Demand Talent projects, and Heidrick Consulting assignments, consultant productivity, consultant retention, and the current backlog. 
 
 Our 2023 first quarter guidance is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those disclosed under "Risk Factors" and in this "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in this Form 10-K. As such, actual results could vary from these projections. 
 
 24 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, the results of operations (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Revenue before reimbursements (net revenue) 1,073,464 1,003,001 621,615 Reimbursements 10,122 5,473 7,755 Total revenue 1,083,586 1,008,474 629,370 Operating expenses Salaries and benefits 737,430 717,411 450,424 General and administrative expenses 132,678 130,749 116,982 Cost of services 70,676 52,785 4,396 Research and development 20,414 Impairment charges (1) 
 32,970 Restructuring charges (2) 
 3,792 52,372 Reimbursed expenses 10,122 5,473 7,755 Total operating expenses 971,320 910,210 664,899 Operating income (loss) 112,266 98,264 (35,529) Non-operating income (expense) Interest, net 5,337 302 204 Other, net (2,367) 7,463 3,927 Net non-operating income 2,970 7,765 4,131 Income (loss) before taxes 115,236 106,029 (31,398) Provision for income taxes 35,750 33,457 6,309 Net income (loss) 79,486 72,572 (37,707) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic 19,758 19,515 19,301 Diluted 20,618 20,296 19,301 Earnings (loss) per common share Basic 4.02 3.72 (1.95) Diluted 3.86 3.58 (1.95) Cash dividends paid per share 0.60 0.60 0.60 
 
 (1) Includes goodwill impairment charges of 33.0 million related to Europe and Asia Pacific in 2020 (See Note 9, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets). 
 (2) The 2021 restructuring charges include 3.9 million in the Americas and 0.4 million in Heidrick Consulting, partially offset by restructuring reversals of 0.1 million in Europe, 0.1 million in Asia Pacific, and 0.2 million in Global Operations Support. The 2020 restructuring charges include 30.5 million in the Americas, 8.6 million in Europe, 4.6 million in Asia Pacific, 4.7 million in Heidrick Consulting, and 4.0 million in Global Operations Support. (See Note 15, Restructuring). 
 25 

The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, our results of operations as a percentage of revenue before reimbursements (net revenue): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Revenue before reimbursements (net revenue) 100.0 100.0 100.0 Reimbursements 0.9 0.5 1.2 Total revenue 100.9 100.5 101.2 Operating expenses Salaries and benefits 68.7 71.5 72.5 General and administrative expenses 12.4 13.0 18.8 Cost of Services 6.6 5.3 0.7 Research and development 1.9 Impairment charges 5.3 Restructuring charges 0.4 8.4 Reimbursed expenses 0.9 0.5 1.2 Total operating expenses 90.5 90.7 107.0 Operating income (loss) 10.5 9.8 (5.7) Non-operating income (expense) Interest, net 0.5 Other, net (0.2) 0.7 0.6 Net non-operating income 0.3 0.8 0.7 Income (loss) before income taxes 10.7 10.6 (5.1) Provision for income taxes 3.3 3.3 1.0 Net income (loss) 7.4 7.2 (6.1) 
 
 Note: Totals and subtotals may not equal the sum of individual line items due to rounding. 
 
 26 

The Company has five operating segments. The Executive Search business operates in the Americas, Europe (which includes Africa) and Asia Pacific (which includes the Middle East), and the Heidrick Consulting and On-Demand Talent businesses operate globally (See Note 18, Segment Information ). 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our revenue and operating income by segment (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Executive Search Americas 612,881 581,440 361,416 Europe 176,275 170,312 124,243 Asia Pacific 112,766 117,008 79,511 Total Executive Search 901,922 868,760 565,170 On-Demand Talent 91,349 66,636 Heidrick Consulting 80,193 67,605 56,445 Revenue before reimbursements (net revenue) 1,073,464 1,003,001 621,615 Reimbursements 10,122 5,473 7,755 Total revenue 1,083,586 1,008,474 629,370 Operating income (loss) Executive Search Americas (1) 
 164,225 142,040 62,806 Europe (2) 
 19,274 18,424 (22,827) Asia Pacific (3) 
 18,687 18,167 (6,724) Total Executive Search 202,186 178,631 33,255 On-Demand Talent (4) 
 (3,361) (9,272) Heidrick Consulting (5) 
 (7,155) (16,162) (28,369) Total segments 191,670 153,197 4,886 Research and development (20,414) Global Operations Support (6) 
 (58,990) (54,933) (40,415) Total operating income (loss) 112,266 98,264 (35,529) 
 
 (1) Includes 3.9 million and 30.5 million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Includes a 0.1 million restructuring reversal and 8.6 million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively, and 24.5 million of impairment charges in 2020. 
 (3) Includes a 0.1 million restructuring reversal and 4.6 million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively, and 8.5 million of impairment charges in 2020. 
 (4) Includes a 0.5 million and an 11.4 million earnout fair value adjustment in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (5) Includes 0.4 million and 4.7 million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (6) Includes a 0.2 million restructuring reversal and 4.0 million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Total revenue. Consolidated total revenue increased 75.1 million, or 7.4 , to 1.1 billion in 2022 from 1.0 billion in 2021. The increase in total revenue was primarily due to the increase in revenue before reimbursements (net revenue). 
 
 Revenue before reimbursements (net revenue) . Consolidated net revenue increased 70.5 million, or 7.0 , to 1.1 billion in 2022 from 1.0 billion in 2021. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted results by 31.1 million, or 3.1 . Executive Search net revenue was 901.9 million in 2022, an increase of 33.2 million, or 3.8 , compared to 2021. The increase in Executive Search net revenue was primarily due to an increase in the average revenue per executive search compared to the prior year. On-Demand Talent net revenue was 91.3 million in 2022, an increase of 24.7 million, or 37.1 , compared to 2021. The increase in On-Demand Talent revenue was primarily due to an increase in the volume of on-demand projects and the timing of the acquisition in the prior year. Heidrick Consulting net revenue was 80.2 million in 2022, an increase of 12.6 
 27 

million, or 18.6 , compared to 2021. The increase in Heidrick Consulting revenue was primarily due to a 20.9 increase in the number of consulting engagements compared to the prior year. 
 
 The number of Executive Search and Heidrick Consulting consultants was 390 and 70, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, compared to 365 and 69, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Executive Search productivity, as measured by annualized net Executive Search revenue per consultant, was 2.3 million and 2.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Executive search confirmations decreased 5.3 compared to 2021. The average revenue per executive search increased to 143,600 in 2022 compared to 131,000 in the prior year. 
 
 Salaries and benefits . Consolidated salaries and benefits expense increased 20.0 million, or 2.8 , to 737.4 million in 2022 from 717.4 million in 2021. Fixed compensation increased 10.7 million due to base salaries and payroll taxes, retirement and benefits, and separation, partially offset by decreases in the deferred compensation plan and stock compensation. Variable compensation increased 9.3 million due to higher bonus accruals related to increased consultant productivity. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations positively impacted salaries and benefits expense by 22.4 million, or 3.1 . 
 
 In 2022, we had an average of 1,994 employees, compared to an average of 1,714 employees in 2021. 
 
 As a percentage of net revenue, salaries and benefits expense was 68.7 in 2022, compared to 71.5 in 2021. 
 
 General and administrative expenses . Consolidated general and administrative expenses increased 1.9 million, or 1.5 , to 132.7 million in 2022 from 130.7 million in 2021. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to business development travel, including the global consultants' conference, information technology, hiring fees, marketing, and bad debt, partially offset by a one-time earnout obligation adjustment for On-Demand Talent of 11.4 million in 2021, and decreases in taxes and licenses, and the use of external third-party consultants. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations positively impacted general and administrative expenses by 3.6 million, or 2.8 . 
 
 As a percentage of net revenue, general and administrative expenses were 12.4 in 2022, compared to 13.0 in 2021. 
 
 Cost of services . Consolidated cost of services increased 17.9 million, or 33.9 , to 70.7 million in 2022, from 52.8 million in 2021. The increase is primarily due to the timing of the On-Demand Talent acquisition in the prior year and an increase in the volume of on-demand projects and consulting engagements. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations positively impacted cost of services by 0.7 million, or 1.3 . 
 
 Research and Development. Due to the rapid pace of technological advances and digital disruption many of our clients are experiencing, we believe our ability to compete successfully depends increasingly upon our ability to provide clients with timely and relevant technology-enabled products and services. As such, we are focused on developing new technologies to enhance existing products and services, and to expand the range of our offerings through research and development R D ), licensing of intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology. The benefits from our R D efforts will be utilized to develop and enhance new and existing services and products across our current offerings in Executive Search, Heidrick Consulting, On-Demand Talent and for products and services in new segments that we embark upon in the future from time to time, such as our new digital product Heidrick Navigator which we are beta testing. The Company incurred 20.4 million in R D costs in 2022, which consist of payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation, other employee expenses and third-party professional fees. Prior to formalizing our product development initiative in 2022, we tracked employee time on efforts to enhance existing products and to develop new services and products across our current offerings only to the extent it was required under the Company s long-lived asset capitalization policy. As such, we cannot definitively determine the actual hours and expense incurred on these efforts in 2021. Based on management estimates, these expenses were less than 1 of net revenue in 2021 and are recorded within Salaries and benefits and General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 Restructuring charges. The Company incurred 3.8 million in restructuring charges in 2021. In 2020, the Company announced a restructuring plan (the "2020 Plan") to optimize future growth and profitability. The primary components of the 2020 Plan included a workforce reduction, a reduction of the Company s real estate expenses and professional fees, and the elimination of certain deferred compensation programs. The charges incurred in 2021 primarily relate to a reduction in the Company's real estate footprint. The charges are recorded within Restructuring charges in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were no restructuring charges or reversals in 2022. 
 
 Operating income . Consolidated operating income was 112.3 million, including a fair value adjustment made to decrease the On-Demand Talent earnout obligation by 0.5 million, in 2022, compared to 98.3 million, including restructuring charges 
 28 

of 3.8 million and a fair value adjustment made to increase the On-Demand Talent earnout obligation by 11.4 million, in 2021. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted operating income by 4.2 million, or 4.3 . 
 
 Net non-operating income . Net non-operating income was 3.0 million in 2022, compared to 7.8 million in 2021. 
 
 Interest, net was 5.3 million of income in 2022, compared to 0.3 million of income in 2021. The increase was primarily the result of interest earned on marketable securities investments. 
 
 Other, net was 2.4 million of expense in 2022, compared to income of 7.5 million in 2021. The expense in the current year is primarily due to a 6.6 million unrealized loss on the Company's deferred compensation plan, partially offset by foreign exchange gains. The income in the prior year is due to a 4.2 million gain on equity received in exchange for executive search services performed in prior periods and a 3.1 million gain on the Company's deferred compensation plan. The Company's investments, including those held in the Company s deferred compensation plan, are recorded at fair value. 
 
 Income taxes. See Note 16 , Income Taxes . 
 
 Executive Search 
 
 Americas 
 
 The Americas reported net revenue of 612.9 million in 2022, an increase of 5.4 from 581.4 million in 2021. The increase in net revenue was due to an increase in average revenue per executive search. All industry practice groups contributed to the growth in revenue with the exception of the Healthcare and Life Sciences practice group. Foreign exchange fluctuations negatively impacted net revenue by less than 0.1 million. There were 203 Executive Search consultants as of December 31, 2022, compared to 193 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Salaries and benefits expense increased 6.3 million, or 1.6 , compared to 2021. Fixed compensation decreased 0.8 million due to the deferred compensation and stock compensation, partially offset by increases in base salaries and payroll taxes, separation, and retirement and benefits. Variable compensation increased 7.1 million due to higher bonus accruals related to increased consultant productivity. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 6.8 million, or 17.3 , compared to 2021 due to business development travel, including the global consultants' conference, bad debt, marketing, information technology, and office occupancy, partially offset by a decrease in the use of third-party consultants. 
 
 Restructuring charges were 3.9 million in 2021. The charges are primarily related to a reduction in the Company's real estate footprint. There were no restructuring charges in 2022. 
 
 The Americas reported operating income of 164.2 million in 2022, an increase of 22.2 million compared to 142.0 million, including restructuring charges of 3.9 million, in 2021. 
 
 Europe 
 
 Europe reported net revenue of 176.3 million in 2022, an increase of 3.5 from 170.3 million in 2021. The increase in net revenue was due to a 5.1 increase in the number of executive search confirmations. All industry practice groups contributed to the growth in revenue with the exception of the Healthcare and Life Sciences and Financial Services practice groups. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted net revenue by 20.4 million, or 12.0 . There were 113 Executive Search consultants as of December 31, 2022, compared to 103 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Salaries and benefits expense increased 1.3 million, or 1.0 , compared to 2021. Fixed compensation increased 0.6 million due to the talent acquisition and retention costs, and retirement and benefits, partially offset by decreases in base salaries and payroll taxes, and stock compensation. Variable compensation increased 0.7 million due to higher bonus accruals related to increased consultant productivity. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 3.7 million, or 15.8 , compared to 2021, due to business development travel, including the global consultants' conference, professional fees, and office occupancy, partially offset by a decrease in bad debt. 
 
 29 

Restructuring reversals for 2021 were 0.1 million due to the settlement of estimated employee severance accruals. There were no restructuring charges or reversals in 2022. 
 
 Europe reported operating income of 19.3 million in 2022, an increase of 0.9 million compared to an operating income of 18.4 million, including restructuring reversals of 0.1 million, in 2021. 
 
 Asia Pacific 
 
 Asia Pacific reported net revenue of 112.8 million in 2022, a decrease of 3.6 compared to 117.0 million in 2021. The decrease in net revenue was due to a 9.0 decrease in the number of executive search confirmations, partially offset by an increase in average revenue per executive search. The Consumer, Global Technology and Services, and Social Impact practice groups experienced revenue growth in 2022. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted net revenue by 6.5 million, or 5.6 . There were 74 Executive Search consultants as of December 31, 2022, compared to 69 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Salaries and benefits expense decreased 5.3 million, or 6.4 , compared to 2021. Fixed compensation decreased 2.1 million due to base salaries and payroll taxes, stock compensation, and talent acquisition and retention costs, partially offset by an increase in retirement and benefits. Variable compensation decreased 3.1 million due to lower bonus accruals related to decreased consultant productivity. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 0.4 million, or 2.2 , compared to 2021 primarily due to business development travel, including the global consultants' conference, and professional fees, partially offset by decreases in office occupancy and bad debt. 
 
 Restructuring reversals for 2021 were 0.1 million due to the settlement of estimated employee severance accruals. There were no restructuring charges or reversals in 2022. 
 
 Asia Pacific reported operating income of 18.7 million in 2022, an increase of 0.5 million compared to an operating income of 18.2 million, including restructuring reversals of 0.1 million, in 2021. 
 
 On-Demand Talent 
 
 On-Demand Talent reported net revenue of 91.3 million in 2022, an increase of 37.1 compared to 66.6 million in 2021. The increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase in the volume of on-demand projects and the timing of the On-Demand Talent acquisition of BTG in the prior year. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted net revenue by 0.2 million, or 0.4 . 
 
 Salaries and benefits expense increased 8.7 million, or 63.0 , compared to 2021. Fixed compensation increased 7.9 million due to base salaries and payroll taxes, separation, and retirement and benefits. Variable compensation increased 0.8 million due to higher bonus accruals related to increased productivity. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 7.6 million, or 46.7 , due to a one-time earnout obligation adjustment in the prior year, partially offset by increases in intangible amortization, business development travel, professional fees, and information technology. 
 
 Cost of services increased 17.7 million, or 38.5 , compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in the volume of on-demand projects and the timing of the On-Demand Talent acquisition in the prior year. 
 
 On-Demand Talent reported an operating loss of 3.4 million in 2022, including an earnout obligation adjustment to decrease the earnout by 0.5 million resulting from the finalization of the earnout payment, compared to an operating loss of 9.3 million in 2021, including an earnout obligation adjustment to increase the earnout by 11.4 million resulting from forecasted 2022 revenue exceeding expectations. 
 
 Heidrick Consulting 
 
 Heidrick Consulting reported net revenue of 80.2 million in 2022, an increase of 18.6 compared to 67.6 million in 2021. The increase in net revenue was due to a 20.9 increase in the number of consulting confirmations. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations negatively impacted results by 3.8 million, or 5.7 . There were 70 Heidrick Consulting consultants as of December 31, 2022, compared to 69 as of December 31, 2021. 
 30 

Salaries and benefits expense increased 4.5 million, or 7.3 , compared to 2021. Fixed compensation decreased 0.7 million, due to talent acquisition and retention costs, retirement and benefits, and the deferred compensation plan, partially offset by increases in base salaries and payroll taxes, and stock compensation. Variable compensation increased 5.2 million due to higher bonus accruals related to increased consultant productivity. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 0.8 million, or 5.2 , compared to 2021, due to professional fees, partially offset by increased business development travel, including the global consultants' conference. 
 
 Cost of services increased 0.2 million, or 3.3 , compared to 2021, due an increase in the volume of consulting engagements. 
 
 Restructuring charges were 0.4 million in 2021, primarily related to a reduction in the Company's real estate footprint. There were no restructuring charges in 2022. 
 
 Heidrick Consulting reported an operating loss of 7.2 million in 2022, an improvement of 9.0 million compared to an operating loss of 16.2 million, including restructuring charges of 0.4 million, in 2021. 
 
 Global Operations Support 
 
 Global Operations Support expenses increased 4.1 million, or 7.4 , to 59.0 million from 54.9 million in 2021. 
 
 Salaries and benefits expenses increased 4.5 million, or 12.7 , compared to 2021 due to base salaries and payroll taxes, and stock compensation, partially offset by decrease in variable compensation, and retirement and benefits. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 0.7 million, or 3.4 , compared to 2021 due to taxes and licenses, and professional fees, partially offset by increases in business development travel and hiring fees. 
 
 Restructuring reversals in 2021 were 0.2 million due to the settlement of estimated employee severance accruals. There were no restructuring charges or reversals in 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General . We continually evaluate our liquidity requirements, capital needs and availability of capital resources based on our operating needs. We believe that our available cash balances together with the funds expected to be generated from operations and funds available under our committed revolving credit facility will be sufficient to finance our operations for the foreseeable future, as well as to finance the cash payments associated with our cash dividends and stock repurchase program. 
 
 We pay the non-deferred portion of annual bonuses in the first quarter following the year in which they are earned. Employee bonuses are accrued throughout the year and are based on our performance and the performance of the individual employee. 
 
 Lines of credit. On February 24, 2023, we entered into the Second Amendment (as amended, the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2018 (the Credit Agreement by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto. The Second Amendment replaced the interest rate benchmark, from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). At our option, borrowings under the Second Amendment will bear interest at one-, three- or six-month Term SOFR, or an alternate base rate as set forth in the Second Amendment, in each case plus an applicable margin. Other than the foregoing, the material terms of the Credit Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement (as amended, the First Amendment ), dated as of July 13, 2021, remain unchanged. 
 
 The First Amendment provides us with a committed unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of 200 million, increased from 175 million as set forth in the Credit Agreement, which includes a sublimit of 25 million for letters of credit and a sublimit of 10 million for swingline loans, with a 75 million expansion feature. The First Amendment matures on July 13, 2026, extended from October 26, 2023 as set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 31 

Borrowings under the First Amendment may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions, restricted payments and for other general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. The obligations under the First Amendment are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we borrowed 100.0 million under the Credit Agreement. We elected to draw down a portion of the available funds from the revolving line of credit as a precautionary measure to increase our cash position and further enhance our financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty in global markets resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. We subsequently repaid 100.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had no outstanding borrowings and were in compliance with the financial and other covenants under the First Amendment and no event of default existed. 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at December 31, 2022 were 621.6 million, an increase of 76.4 million compared to 545.2 million at December 31, 2021. The 621.6 million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at December 31, 2022 includes 211.3 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. A portion of the 211.3 million is considered permanently reinvested in these foreign subsidiaries. If these funds were required to satisfy obligations in the United States, the repatriation of these funds could cause us to incur additional foreign withholding taxes. We expect to pay approximately 414.4 million in bonuses related to 2022 performance in March and April 2023. In January 2023, we paid approximately 7.6 million in cash bonuses deferred in prior years. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 119.3 million, primarily reflecting net income net of non-cash charges of 112.7 million, an increase in accrued expenses of 32.9 million and a decrease in accounts receivable of 4.5 million, partially offset by a decrease in income taxes payable of 13.6 million, a decrease in deferred revenue of 7.2 million and a decrease in accounts payable of 5.7 million. The increase in accrued expenses primarily reflects approximately 368.2 million of 2021 bonuses paid in March and April 2022, offset by 2022 bonus accruals of 414.4 million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities was 271.4 million, primarily reflecting net income net of non-cash charges of 98.0 million, an increase in accrued expenses of 230.2 million, a decrease in deferred revenue of 12.8 million and a decrease in income taxes payable of 11.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in other liabilities of 37.1 million and an increase in accounts receivable of 36.8 million. The increase in accrued expenses primarily reflects approximately 180.4 million of 2020 bonuses paid in March 2021, offset by 2021 bonus accruals of 368.2 million. The decrease in other liabilities primarily relates to a reduction in the Company's lease liabilities due to office closures. 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 279.6 million, primarily due to purchases of available for sale investments of 269.8 million and capital expenditures of 11.1 million, partially offset by proceeds from the maturity and sale of available for sale investments of 1.4 million. The cash outflow for capital expenditures is primarily the result of office build-outs and software capitalization related to new product development. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities was 21.3 million, primarily due to cash used in acquisitions net of cash acquired of 33.5 million, capital expenditures of 6.2 million, and purchases of available for sale investments of 2.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from the maturity and sale of available for sale investments of 20.8 million. The cash outflow for capital expenditures is primarily the result of office build-outs. 
 
 Cash flows used in financing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in financing activities was 15.7 million, primarily due to cash dividend payments of 12.5 million and payment of employee tax withholdings on equity transactions of 3.2 million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in financing activities was 15.5 million, primarily due to cash dividend payments of 12.4 million and payment of employee tax withholdings on equity transactions of 3.1 million. 
 
 Stock repurchase program. On February 11, 2008, we announced a Repurchase Authorization of up to 50 million. We may from time to time and as business conditions warrant purchase shares of our common stock on the open market or in negotiated or block trades. No time limit has been set for completion of this program. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in 2022 or 2021. The most recent purchase of shares of common stock occurred during the year ended December 31, 2012. As of December 31, 2022 we have purchased 1,038,670 shares of our common stock pursuant to the Repurchase Authorization for a total of 28.3 million and 21.7 million remains available for future purchases under the Repurchase Authorization. 
 32 

Off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not have material off-balance sheet arrangements, special purpose entities, trading activities of non-exchange traded contracts or transactions with related parties. 
 
 Contractual obligations . Our lease portfolio is comprised of operating leases for office space and equipment. As of December 31, 2022, we had lease payment obligations of 92.6 million, with 18.9 million payable within 12 months. Associated with our lease portfolio, we have asset retirement obligations for the retirement of tangible long-lived assets related to our obligation at the end of the lease term to return office space to the landlord in its original condition. As of December 31, 2022, we had asset retirement obligations of 2.8 million, with 0.1 million payable within 12 months. 
 
 In addition to lease related contractual obligations, we also have liabilities related to certain employee benefit plans. These liabilities are recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. The obligations related to these employee benefit plans are described in Note 12, Employee Benefit Plans , and Note 13, Pension Plan and Life Insurance Contract, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . As of December 31, 2022, we did not have a liability for uncertain tax positions. 

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 General. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3, Revenue , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Historically, we have not made significant changes to the methods for determining these estimates as our actual results have not differed materially from our estimates. We do not believe it is reasonably likely that the estimates and related assumptions will change materially in the foreseeable future; however, actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions. If actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. 
 
 An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, there are different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur periodically, that could materially impact the financial statements. Management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect its more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Revenue recognition. In our Executive Search segment, revenue is recognized as we satisfy our performance obligations by transferring a good or service to a client. Generally, each of our executive search contracts contains one performance obligation which is the process of identifying potentially qualified candidates for a specific client position. In most contracts, the transaction price includes both fixed and variable consideration. Fixed compensation is comprised of a retainer, equal to approximately one-third of the estimated first year compensation for the position to be filled, and indirect expenses, equal to a specified percentage of the retainer, as defined in the contract. We generally bill our clients for the retainer and indirect expenses in one-third increments over a three-month period commencing in the month of a client s acceptance of the contract. If actual compensation of a placed candidate exceeds the original compensation estimate, we are often authorized to bill the client for one-third of the excess compensation. We refer to this additional billing as uptick revenue. In most contracts, variable consideration is comprised of uptick revenue and direct expenses. We bill our clients for uptick revenue upon completion of the executive search, and direct expenses are billed as incurred. 
 
 As required under Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, we now estimate uptick revenue at contract inception, based on a portfolio approach, utilizing the expected value method based on a historical analysis of uptick revenue realized in the Company s geographic regions and industry practices, and initially record a contract s uptick revenue in an amount that is probable not to result in a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized when the actual amount of uptick revenue for that contract is known. Differences between the estimated and actual amounts of variable consideration are recorded when known. We do not estimate revenue for direct expenses as it is not materially different than recognizing revenue as direct expenses are incurred. 
 
 Revenue from our executive search engagement performance obligation is recognized over time as our clients simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by our performance. Revenue from executive search engagements is 
 33 

recognized over the expected average period of performance, in proportion to the estimated personnel time incurred to fulfill our obligations under the executive search contract. Revenue is generally recognized over a period of approximately six months. 
 
 Our executive search contracts contain a replacement guarantee which provides for an additional search to be completed, free of charge except for expense reimbursements, should the candidate presented by us be hired by the client and subsequently terminated by the client for performance reasons within a specified period of time. The replacement guarantee is an assurance warranty, which is not a performance obligation under the terms of the executive search contract, as we do not provide any services under the terms of the guarantee that transfer benefits to the client in excess of assuring that the identified candidate complies with the agreed-upon specifications. We account for the replacement guarantee under the relevant warranty guidance in ASC 460 - Guarantees. 
 
 In our On-Demand Talent segment, we enter into contracts with clients that outline the general terms and conditions of the assignment to provide on-demand consultants for various types of consulting projects, which consultants may be independent contractors or temporary employees. The consideration we expect to receive under each contract is dependent on the time-based fees specified in the contract. Revenue from on-demand engagement performance obligations is recognized over time as clients simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by our performance. We have applied the practical expedient to recognize revenue for these services in the amount to which we have a right to invoice the client, as this amount corresponds directly with the value provided to the client for the performance completed to date. For transactions where a third-party contractor is involved in providing the services to the client, we report the revenue and the related direct costs on a gross basis as we have determined that we are the principal in the transaction. We are primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide consulting services to our clients and we have discretion in establishing the prices charged to clients for the consulting services and are able to contractually obligate the independent service provider to deliver services and deliverables that we have agreed to provide to our clients. 
 
 In our Heidrick Consulting segment, revenue is recognized as we satisfy our performance obligations by transferring a good or service to a client. Heidrick Consulting enters into contracts with clients that outline the general terms and conditions of the assignment to provide succession planning, executive assessment, top team and board effectiveness and culture shaping programs. The consideration we expect to receive under each contract is generally fixed. Most of our consulting contracts contain one performance obligation, which is the overall process of providing the consulting service requested by the client. The majority of our consulting revenue is recognized over time utilizing both input and output methods. Contracts that contain coaching sessions, training sessions or the completion of assessments are recognized using the output method as each session or assessment is delivered to the client. Contracts that contain general consulting work are recognized using the input method utilizing a measure of progress that is based on time incurred on the project. 
 We enter into enterprise agreements with clients to provide a license for online access, via our Culture Connect platform, to training and other proprietary material related to our culture shaping programs. The consideration we expect to receive under the terms of an enterprise agreement is comprised of a single fixed fee. Our enterprise agreements contain multiple performance obligations, the delivery of materials via Culture Connect and material rights related to options to renew enterprise agreements at a significant discount. We allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract on a stand-alone selling price basis. The stand-alone selling price for the initial term of the enterprise agreement is outlined in the contract and is equal to the price paid by the client for the agreement over the initial term of the contract. The stand-alone selling price for the options to renew, or material right, are not directly observable and must be estimated. This estimate is required to reflect the discount the client would obtain when exercising the option to renew, adjusted for the likelihood that the option will be exercised. We estimate the likelihood of renewal using a historical analysis of client renewals. Access to Culture Connect represents a right to access our intellectual property that the client simultaneously receives and consumes as we perform under the agreement, and therefore we recognize revenue over time. Given the continuous nature of this commitment, we utilize straight-line ratable revenue recognition over the estimated subscription period as our clients will receive and consume the benefits from Culture Connect equally throughout the contract period. Revenue related to client renewals of enterprise agreements is recognized over the term of the renewal, which is generally twelve months. Enterprise agreements do not comprise a significant portion of our revenue. 
 
 Each of our contracts with clients has an expected duration of one year or less. Accordingly, we have elected to utilize the available practical expedient related to the disclosure of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under our contracts. We have also elected the available practical expedients related to adjusting for the effects of a significant financing component and the capitalization of contract acquisition costs. We charge and collect from our clients, sales tax and value added taxes as required by certain jurisdictions. We have made an accounting policy election to exclude these items from the transaction price in our contracts. 
 
 34 

Income taxes. Determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities involves judgment. As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. This involves estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. Changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate. 
 
 The recognition of deferred tax assets is based on management s belief that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits will be utilized. We assess the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis. In making this assessment, we consider all positive and negative evidence, and all potential sources of taxable income including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, tax-planning strategies, projected future taxable income and recent financial performance. 
 
 Deferred taxes have been recorded for U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes related to undistributed foreign earnings that are not permanently reinvested. Annually, we assess material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements in order to determine whether these earnings should be distributed. If so, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which could materially affect our future effective tax rate. 
 
 Goodwill . We perform assessments of the carrying value of goodwill at least annually and whenever events occur or circumstances indicate that a carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. These circumstances may include a significant change in business climate, attrition of key personnel, changes in financial condition or results of operations, a prolonged decline in our stock price and market capitalization, competition, and other factors. 
 
 We operate five reporting units: the Americas, Europe (which includes Africa), Asia Pacific (which includes the Middle East), On-Demand Talent, and Heidrick Consulting. The goodwill impairment test is completed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The fair value of each of our reporting units is determined using a discounted cash flow methodology. The discounted cash flow approach is dependent on a number of factors including estimates of future market growth and trends, forecasted revenue and costs, capital investments, appropriate discount rates, certain assumptions to allocate shared costs, assets and liabilities, historical and projected performance of our reporting units, the outlook for the executive search industry and the macroeconomic conditions affecting each of our reporting units. The assumptions used in the determination of fair value were (1) a forecast of growth in the near and long term; (2) the discount rate; (3) working capital investments; (4) macroeconomic conditions; and (5) other factors. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. The fair value of our reporting units is also impacted by our overall market capitalization and may be impacted by volatility in our stock price and assumed control premium, among other factors. As a result, actual future results may differ from those estimates and may result in a future impairment charge. These assumptions are updated annually, at a minimum, to reflect information concerning our reportable segments. We continue to monitor potential triggering events including changes in the business climate in which we operate, our market capitalization compared to our book value, and our recent operating performance. Any changes in these factors could result in an impairment charge. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value; however, the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 
 We believe that the accounting estimate related to goodwill impairment is a critical accounting estimate because the assumptions used are highly susceptible to changes in the operating results and cash flows of our reportable segments. 
 
 Other intangible assets and long-lived assets. We review our other intangible assets and long-lived assets, including property and equipment and right-of-use assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge, equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset group, is recognized. 
 
 We believe that the accounting estimate related to other intangible and long-lived asset impairment is a critical accounting estimate because the assumptions used are highly susceptible to changes in operating results and cash flows. 
 
 Contingent Consideration. The former owners of certain of the Company's acquired businesses are generally eligible to receive additional cash consideration based on the attainment of certain operating metrics in the periods subsequent to acquisition. The fair value of these obligations is based on the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the former owners of the acquired entities in accordance with the provisions outlined in the respective purchase agreements, which 
 35 

is a Level 3 fair value measurement. We assess the fair value of these liabilities at each balance sheet date based on the expected performance of the associated business and any changes in fair value are recorded in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). In determining fair value, we estimate the acquired entity s future performance using financial projections developed by management for the acquired entity and market participant assumptions that were derived for revenue growth and/or profitability. We estimate future payments using the formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement and these financial projections. We then discount these payments to present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration market-based rates of return that reflect the ability of the acquired entity to achieve the targets. Changes in financial projections, market participant assumptions for revenue growth and/or profitability, or the risk-adjusted discount rate, would result in a change in the fair value of recorded earnout obligations. To the extent that our estimates change in the future regarding the likelihood of achieving these targets, we may need to record material adjustments to our accrued contingent consideration. 

Recently Issued and Adopted Financial Accounting Standards 
 
 The information presented in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our Consolidated Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Currency market risk. With our operations in the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific, we conduct business using various currencies. Revenue earned in each country is generally matched with the associated expenses incurred, thereby reducing currency risk to earnings. However, because certain assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in currency rates may cause fluctuations in the valuation of such assets and liabilities. As the local currency of our subsidiaries has generally been designated as the functional currency, we are affected by the translation of foreign currency financial statements into U.S. dollars. A 10 change in the average exchange rate for currencies of all foreign countries in which we operate would have increased or decreased our 2022 net income by approximately 4.1 million. For financial information by segment, see Note 18, Segment Information , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 36 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB I D : 
 38 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 44 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 
 
 37 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 As described in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements, revenue before reimbursements from executive search and from consulting engagements of 901,922,000 and 80,193,000, respectively, is recognized over the expected average period of performance, in proportion to the estimated personnel time incurred to fulfill the obligations under the executive search or consulting contract. This requires management to make significant estimates including the amount of effort extended over certain defined time periods of the executive search or consulting engagement. The transaction price for executive search engagements generally includes variable consideration, known as uptick revenue, in addition to fixed consideration. The Company estimates the amount of uptick revenue at contract inception based on a portfolio approach utilizing the expected value method based on a historical analysis. This requires management to make significant estimates including the average amount of uptick revenue earned on an executive search engagement. Changes in the assumptions used in these estimates could have a significant impact on the revenue recognized during the period. 
 
 We identified the Company s revenue recognition from executive search and consulting engagements as a critical audit matter because of certain significant assumptions management makes when estimating progress over time for executive search and consulting engagements, and estimating the average uptick revenue earned on executive search engagements. Auditing these 
 38 

assumptions involved a high degree of judgment and subjectivity as changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the amount of revenue recognized. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the assumptions involved in estimating progress over time for executive search and consulting engagements, and estimating the average uptick revenue earned on executive search engagements included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s estimates of progress over time and average uptick revenue, such as internal controls related to management s review of the completeness and accuracy of data compiled and used in the estimate vs. excluded from the estimate, and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness. 
 We evaluated whether the historical data utilized to estimate progress over time was complete and accurate based on historical time studies, on a sample basis. 
 We evaluated the estimate of the average uptick revenue on executive search engagements by comparing the estimate to historical data of the total uptick revenue billed and total retainer fee for a sample of executive search engagements. 
 We selected a sample of contracts and performed the following procedures: 
 Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection. 
 Tested management s identification of significant terms for completeness, including the identification of distinct performance obligations and variable consideration. 
 Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s revenue calculations and recalculated deferred revenue at period end, if any. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 

February 27, 2023 
 
 39 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Heidrick Struggles International, Inc.'s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), changes to stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 40 

HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Income taxes recoverable Total current assets Non-current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Assets designated for retirement and pension plans Investments Other non-current assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes, net Total non-current assets Total assets Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued salaries and benefits Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Accrued salaries and benefits Retirement and pension plans Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Treasury stock at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 41 

HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Revenue before reimbursements (net revenue) Reimbursements Total revenue Operating expenses Salaries and benefits General and administrative expenses Cost of services Research and development Impairment charges Restructuring charges Reimbursed expenses Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Non-operating income (expense) Interest, net Other, net ) Net non-operating income Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments ) ) Pension gain (loss) adjustment ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted Earnings (loss) per common share Basic ) Diluted ) Cash dividends paid per share 
 The accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 42 

HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows - operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Accretion expense related to earnout payments Impairment charges Gain on marketable securities ) ) ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses ) Restructuring accrual ) Deferred revenue ) ) Income taxes recoverable (payable), net ) ) Retirement and pension plan assets and liabilities ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows - investing activities Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of available for sale investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of available for sale investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows - financing activities Proceeds from line of credit Payments on line of credit ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Payment of employee tax withholdings on equity transactions ) ) ) Acquisition earnout payments ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates fluctuations on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for Income taxes Interest 
 The accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 43 

HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net loss ) ) Adoption of accounting standards ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common and treasury stock transactions: Stock-based compensation Vesting of equity, net of tax withholdings ) ) ) Re-issuance of treasury stock ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents on restricted stock units ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common and treasury stock transactions: Stock-based compensation Vesting of equity, net of tax withholdings ) ) ) Re-issuance of treasury stock ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents on restricted stock units ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common and treasury stock transactions: Stock-based compensation Vesting of equity, net of tax withholdings ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents on restricted stock units ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 44 

HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (All tables in thousands, except share and per share figures) 

1 . 

2 . 
 
 or less to be cash equivalents. 

significant concentrations of risk. 

45 

46 

vesting period. The portion of the bonus was approximately depending on the employee s level or position. The compensation expense related to the amounts being deferred was recognized on a graded vesting attribution method over the requisite service period. This service period began on January 1 of the respective fiscal year and continued through the deferral date, which coincided with the Company s bonus payments in the first half of the following year and for an additional vesting period. 

47 

) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted stock units Performance stock units Diluted Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 
 
 Weighted average restricted stock units and performance stock units outstanding that could be converted into approximately and common shares, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effects would be anti-dilutive. 

Restricted cash included within other non-current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

48 

3. 
 
 49 

) Contract assets Total contract assets ) Contract liabilities Deferred revenue ) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized revenue of million that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the period. The amount of revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, from performance obligations partially satisfied in previous periods as a result of changes in the estimates of variable consideration was million. 
 
 Each of the Company's contracts with clients has an expected duration of one year or less. Accordingly, the Company has elected to utilize the available practical expedient related to the disclosure of the transaction price allocated to the remaining 
 50 

4. 
 
 Provision for credit losses Write-offs ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 

The unrealized loss on one investment in U.S. Treasury securities at December 31, 2022 was caused by fluctuations in market interest rates. The contractual cash flows of these investments are guaranteed by an agency of the U.S. government. Accordingly, it is expected that the investments would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost basis. The Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before the recovery of the amortized cost basis. There were investments with unrealized losses at December 31, 2021. 

5. 
 
 Office furniture, fixtures and equipment Computer equipment and software Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 51 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 As part of the Company's 2020 Plan (as defined below), property and equipment located at certain of the Company's offices was abandoned and the useful life of the assets were shortened to correspond with the cease-use date. As a result of the change in the useful life, approximately million and million of depreciation expense was accelerated and recorded in Restructuring charges in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Depreciation and amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

6. 
 
 to years, some of which also include options to extend or terminate the lease. Most office leases contain both fixed and variable lease payments. Variable lease costs consist primarily of rent escalations based on an established index or rate and taxes, insurance, and common area or other maintenance costs, which are paid based on actual costs incurred by the lessor. The Company has elected to utilize the available practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for office leases. 
 
 As part of the Company's 2020 Plan (as defined below), a lease component related to one of the Company's offices was abandoned and the useful life of the associated right-of-use asset was shortened to correspond with the cease-use date. As a result of the change in useful life, approximately million of right-of-use asset amortization was accelerated and recorded in Restructuring charges in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Depreciation and amortization in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows during the year ended December 31, 2021. In September 2021, the Company entered into a termination and surrender agreement for this lease component. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company made a one-time payment of million to release the Company from all remaining obligations under the lease. At the time of payment, the Company had accrued approximately million of lease liabilities related to future payments under the remaining lease term. Upon making the one-time payment, the lease liabilities were relieved, resulting in a gain on termination of approximately million, which is recorded in Restructuring charges in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Equipment leases, which are comprised of vehicle and office equipment leases, have remaining terms that range from less than one year to years, some of which also include options to extend or terminate the lease. The Company's equipment leases do not contain variable lease payments. The Company separates the lease and non-lease components for its equipment leases. Equipment leases do not comprise a significant portion of the Company's lease portfolio. 
 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 52 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 
 years years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 The Company has an obligation at the end of the lease term to return certain offices to the landlord in its original condition, which is recorded at fair value at the time the liability is incurred. The Company had million and million of asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are recorded within Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

7. 

53 

Level 1 (1) : 
 Money market funds U.S. Treasury securities ) Total Level 1 ) Total ) 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents Balance at December 31, 2021 Cash Level 1 (1) : 
 Money market funds U.S. Treasury securities Total Level 1 Total 
 
 (1) Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 
 
 Investments, Assets Designated for Retirement and Pension Plans and Associated Liabilities 
 
 The Company has a U.S. non-qualified deferred compensation plan that consists primarily of U.S. marketable securities and mutual funds. The aggregate cost basis for these investments was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company also maintains a pension plan for certain current and former employees in Germany. The pensions are individually fixed Euro amounts that vary depending on the function and the eligible years of service of the employee. The Company s investment strategy is to support its pension obligations through reinsurance contracts. The BaFin German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority supervises the insurance companies and the reinsurance contracts. The BaFin requires each reinsurance contract to guarantee a fixed minimum return. The Company s pension benefits are fully reinsured by group insurance contracts with ERGO Lebensversicherung AG, and the group insurance contracts are measured in accordance with BaFin guidelines (including mortality tables and discount rates) which are considered Level 2 inputs. 
 
 54 

Level 2 (2) : 
 Retirement and pension plan assets Pension benefit obligation ) ) ) Total Level 2 ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 Balance Sheet Classification Fair Value Other Current Assets Assets Designated for Retirement and Pension Plans Investments Other Current Liabilities Retirement and Pension Plans Balance at December 31, 2021 Measured on a recurring basis: Level 1 (1) : 
 U.S. non-qualified deferred compensation plan Level 2 (2) : 
 Retirement and pension plan assets Pension benefit obligation ) ) ) Total Level 2 ) ) ) Total ) ) 

(1) Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 
 (2) Level 2 Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, or other inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 
 The former owners of certain the Company's acquired businesses are generally eligible to receive additional cash consideration based on the attainment of certain operating metrics in the periods subsequent to acquisition. Contingent consideration and compensation are valued using significant inputs that are not observable in the market, which are defined as Level 3 inputs pursuant to fair value measurement accounting. The Company determines the fair value of contingent consideration and compensation using discounted cash flow models. 
 
 55 

) Earnout accretion ) Compensation expense ) Fair value adjustment Foreign currency translation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 Earnout accruals of million and were recorded within Other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and earnout accruals of and million were recorded within Other non-current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Contingent compensation accruals of million and million are recorded within current Accrued salaries and benefits and non-current Accrued salaries and benefits , respectively, at December 31, 2022. Contingent compensation accruals of million are recorded within non-current Accrued salaries and benefits at December 31, 2021. 

8 . 
 
 million of initial consideration from existing cash for the outstanding equity of BTG. The former owners of BTG are eligible to receive additional cash consideration, which the Company estimated to be between million and million on the acquisition date, based on the achievement of certain revenue and operating income milestones for the period from acquisition through 2022. When estimating the present value of future cash consideration, the Company accrued million as of the acquisition date for the earnout liability. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company increased the fair value of the earnout liability by million due to BTG outperforming initial revenue and operating income estimates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued million and million, respectively, for the earnout liability. The Company recorded million for customer relationships, million for software, million for a trade name and million of goodwill. The goodwill is primarily related to the acquired workforce and strategic fit. As of the acquisition date, the Company expected that all of the goodwill would be deductible for tax purposes. Included in the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 are million of revenue, and million of operating loss, from the acquired entity. 
 
 On October 15, 2021, the Company acquired Heidrick Struggles Finland OY ("H S Finland"), a Finland-based executive search firm, for initial consideration of million with an anticipated future payment to the former owners in 2023, subject to the achievement of certain agreed upon financial performance and operational targets, and continued employment with the Company through the payment date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued million and million, respectively, for the contingent payment. The Company previously had an affiliate relationship with H S Finland, whereby the Company had no financial investment in H S Finland, but received licensing fees for the use of the Company's name and database. The Company recorded million of goodwill. The goodwill is primarily related to the acquired workforce and strategic fit. Included in the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 are million of revenue, and million of operating income, from the acquired entity. 
 
 56 

9. 
 
 Europe Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent Total goodwill 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses Balance at December 31, 2019 Impairment ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 BTG acquisition Finland acquisition Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 In April 2021, the Company acquired BTG and recorded million of goodwill related to the acquisition in the On-Demand Talent operating segment. 
 
 In October 2021, the Company acquired H S Finland, and recorded million of goodwill related to the acquisition in the Europe operating segment. 
 
 During the 2022 fourth quarter, the Company conducted its annual goodwill impairment evaluation as of October 31, 2022 in accordance with ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. The goodwill impairment test is completed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value; however, the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 
 The impairment test is considered for each of the Company s reporting units that has goodwill as defined in the accounting standard for goodwill and intangible assets. The Company operates five reporting units: Americas, Europe (which includes Africa), Asia Pacific (which includes the Middle East), On-Demand Talent, and Heidrick Consulting. As of October 31, 2022, only the Americas, Europe, and On-Demand Talent reporting units had recorded goodwill. 
 
 57 

, and , respectively. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, the Company determined that the goodwill within the Europe and Asia Pacific reporting units was impaired, which resulted in impairment charges of million and million, respectively, to write off all of the goodwill associated with each of the reporting units. The impairment charges are recorded within Impairment charges in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. The impairments were non-cash in nature and did not affect our liquidity, cash flows, borrowing capability or operations, nor did they impact the debt covenants under our credit agreement. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets, net 
 
 Europe Asia Pacific Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent Total Other Intangible Assets, Net 
 
 In April 2021, the Company acquired BTG and recorded customer relationships, software and trade name intangible assets in the On-Demand Talent operating segment of million, million and million, respectively. The combined weighted-average amortization period for the acquired intangible assets is years with amortization periods of , and years for the customer relationships, software and trade name, respectively. 
 
 ) ) Trade name ) ) Software ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Intangible asset amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 58 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

10 . 
 
 Other Total other current assets 
 
 Other Total other current liabilities 

11 . 
 
 million, increased from million as set forth in the original agreement, which includes a sublimit of million for letters of credit and a sublimit of million for swingline loans, with a million expansion feature. The First Amendment matures on July 13, 2026, extended from October 26, 2023 as set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Borrowings under the First Amendment may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions, restricted payments and for other general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. The obligations under the First Amendment are guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company borrowed million under the Credit Agreement. The Company elected to draw down a portion of the available funds from its revolving line of credit as a precautionary measure to increase its cash position and further enhance its financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty in global markets resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. The Company subsequently repaid million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings. The Company was in compliance with the financial and other covenants under the First Amendment and no event of default existed. 

12 . 
 
 to of their eligible compensation up to a combined 
 59 

, or , of eligible compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Employees are eligible for the Company match immediately upon entry into the Plan. Those contributions vest annually, provided the employee is employed by the Company on the last day of the Plan year in which the match is made. The Plan also provides for employees who retire, die or become disabled during the Plan year to receive the Company match for that Plan year. The Plan provides that forfeitures will be used to reduce the Company s contributions. Forfeitures are created by participants who terminate employment before becoming entitled to the Company s matching contribution under the Plan. The Company also has the option of making discretionary contributions. There were discretionary contributions made for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The expense that the Company incurred for matching employee contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company maintains additional retirement plans in the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific regions which the Company does not consider as material and, therefore, additional disclosure has not been presented. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 
 The Company has a deferred compensation plan for certain U.S. employees (the U.S. Plan that became effective on January 1, 2006. The U.S. Plan allows participants to defer up to of their base compensation and up to the lesser of or of their eligible bonus compensation into several different investment vehicles. These deferrals are immediately vested and are not subject to a risk of forfeiture. In 2022 and 2021, all deferrals in the U.S. Plan were funded. The compensation deferred in the U.S. Plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The assets of the U.S. Plan are included in Investments and the liabilities of the U.S. Plan are included in Retirement and pension plans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company has a Non-Employee Directors Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan whereby non-employee members of the Company s Board of Directors may elect to defer up to of the cash component of their directors fees into several different investment vehicles. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the total amounts deferred under the plan were million and million, respectively, all of which were funded. The assets of the plan are included in Investments and the liabilities of the plan are included in Retirement and pension plans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The U.S. and Non-Employee Directors Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plans consist primarily of marketable securities and mutual funds, all of which are valued using Level 1 inputs (See Note 7, Financial Instruments and Fair Value ). 

13. 
 
 Interest cost Actuarial loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Benefit obligation at December 31, 
 
 Noncurrent liabilities Total 
 60 

Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost Weighted average assumptions Discount rate (1) Rate of compensation increase 
 
 Rate of compensation increase Measurement Date 
 
 (1) The discount rates are based on long-term bond indices adjusted to reflect the longer duration of the benefit obligation. 
 
 The amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, that had not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost were million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, an insignificant amount of the accumulated other comprehensive income is expected to be recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost in 2023. 
 
 The Company s investment strategy is to support its pension obligations through reinsurance contracts. The BaFin German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority supervises the insurance companies and the reinsurance contracts. The BaFin requires each reinsurance contract to guarantee a fixed minimum return. The Company s pension benefits are fully reinsured by group insurance contracts with ERGO Lebensversicherung AG, and the group insurance contracts are measured in accordance with BaFin guidelines (including mortality tables and discount rates) which are considered Level 2 inputs (See Note 7, Financial Instruments and Fair Value ). The fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Since the pension assets are not segregated in trust from the Company s other assets, the pension assets are not shown as an offset against the pension liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These assets are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, as a component of Other current assets and Assets designated for retirement and pension plans . 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 

14. 

61 

awards have been issued under the Third A R Program, including forfeited awards, and shares remain available for future awards. The Third A R Program provides that no awards can be granted after May 28, 2028. 
 
 The Company measures its stock-based compensation costs based on the grant date fair value of the awards and recognizes these costs in the financial statements over the requisite service period. The Company analyzes historical data of forfeited awards to develop an estimated forfeiture rate that is applied to the Company's stock-based compensation expense; however, all stock-based compensation expense is adjusted to reflect actual vestings and forfeitures. 
 
 General and administrative expenses Income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation included in net income 
 
 (1) Includes million of income and million and million of expense related to cash settled restricted stock units for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Restricted stock units are subject to ratable vesting over a or period dependent upon the terms of the individual grant. Compensation expense related to service-based restricted stock units is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 
 Granted Vested and converted to common stock ) Forfeited ) Outstanding on December 31, 2021 Granted Vested and converted to common stock ) Forfeited ) Outstanding on December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of pre-tax unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average of years. 
 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 The Company grants performance stock units to certain of its senior executives. The performance stock units are generally subject to a cliff vesting at the end of a period. The vesting will vary between - based on the attainment of certain performance and market conditions over the vesting period. Half of the award is based on the achievement of operating margin thresholds and half of the award is based on the Company's total shareholder return, relative to a peer group. The fair value of the awards subject to total shareholder return metrics is determined using the Monte Carlo simulation model. A Monte Carlo simulation model uses stock price volatility and other variables to estimate the probability of satisfying the performance conditions and the resulting fair value of the award. The performance stock units are expensed on a straight-line basis over the three-year vesting period. 
 62 

Granted Vested and converted to common stock ) Forfeited ) Outstanding on December 31, 2021 Granted Vested and converted to common stock ) Forfeited Outstanding on December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of pre-tax unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested performance stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average of years. 
 
 Phantom Stock Units 
 
 Phantom stock units are grants of phantom stock with respect to shares of the Company's common stock that are settled in cash and are subject to various restrictions, including restrictions on transferability, vesting and forfeiture provisions. Shares of phantom stock that do not vest for any reason will be forfeited by the recipient and will revert to the Company. 
 
 Phantom stock units are subject to vesting over a period of four years and certain other conditions, including continued service to the Company. As a result of the cash-settlement feature of the awards, the Company classifies the awards as liability awards, which are measured at fair value at each reporting date and the vested portion of the award is recognized as a liability to the extent that the service condition is deemed probable. The fair value of the phantom stock awards on the balance sheet date was determined using the closing share price of the Company's common stock on that date. 
 
 The Company recorded phantom stock-based compensation income of million and expense of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding on December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding on December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of pre-tax unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested phantom stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average of years. 
 
 63 

15. 
 
 ) ) ) ) Office related ) Other Total ) ) ) 
 
 Restructuring charges (reversals) for the year ended December 31, 2020 by type of charge (reversal) and operating segment are as follows: 
 Executive Search Americas Europe Asia Pacific Heidrick Consulting Global Operations Support Total Employee related Office related Other Total 
 
 Restructuring charges incurred to date under the 2020 Plan, which are solely comprised of prior period charges, by type of charge and reportable segment are as follows: 
 
 Executive Search Americas Europe Asia Pacific Heidrick Consulting Global Operations Support Total Employee related Office related Other Total 
 
 64 

million to release the Company from all remaining obligations under the lease. At the time of payment, the Company had accrued approximately million of lease liabilities related to future payments under the remaining lease term. Upon making the one-time payment, the lease liabilities were relieved, resulting in a gain on termination of approximately million, which is recorded in Restructuring charges in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Restructuring charges Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash write-offs ) ) ) Other ) ) Exchange rate fluctuations ) ) Accrual balance at December 31, 2020 Restructuring charges ) Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash write-offs ) ) Exchange rate fluctuations ) ) Accrual balance at December 31, 2021 Cash payments ) ) Non-cash write-offs ) ) Exchange rate fluctuations ) ) Accrual balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 million and million are recorded within current and non-current Accrued salaries and benefits 
 
 65 

16. 
 
 Foreign ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 State and local Foreign Current provision for income taxes Deferred Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) Deferred provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 
 is as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Income tax provision (benefit) at the statutory U.S. federal rate ) State income tax provision, net of federal tax benefit Nondeductible expenses, net Foreign taxes (includes rate differential and changes in foreign valuation allowance) Establishment (release) of valuation allowance ) Additional U.S. tax on foreign operations Other, net ) Total provision for income taxes 
 66 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards Accrued compensation and employee benefits Deferred compensation Foreign tax credit carryforwards Other accrued expenses Deferred tax assets, before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, after valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities attributable to: Operating lease, right-of-use assets Goodwill Depreciation on property and equipment Other Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets 
 
 The recognition of deferred tax assets is based on management s belief that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits will be utilized. The Company assesses the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis. In making this assessment, the Company considers all positive and negative evidence, and all potential sources of taxable income including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, tax-planning strategies, projected future taxable income and recent financial performance. Certain of the Company s deferred tax liabilities, based on jurisdictional netting, of million and million are included in Other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The valuation allowance increased from million at December 31, 2021 to million at December 31, 2022. The valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 was related to foreign net operating loss carryforwards, foreign tax credit carryforwards, and certain foreign deferred tax assets. The Company intends to maintain these valuation allowances until sufficient evidence exists to support their reversal. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had a net operating loss carryforward of million related to its foreign tax filings. Of the million net operating loss carryforward, million is subject to a valuation allowance. Depending on the tax rules of the tax jurisdictions, the losses can be carried forward for periods ranging from years to indefinitely. The Company also has a foreign tax credit carryforward of million subject to a valuation allowance of million. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company had a net operating loss carryforward of million related to its foreign tax filings. Of the million net operating loss carryforward, million is subject to a valuation allowance. Depending on the tax rules of the tax jurisdictions, the losses can be carried forward for periods ranging from five years to indefinitely. The Company also had a foreign tax credit carryforward of million subject to a valuation allowance of million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits, due to the settlement of all previous unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 67 

Gross increases for tax positions of prior years Gross decreases for tax positions of prior years ) ) Settlements ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 
 
 In many cases, the Company s uncertain tax positions are related to tax years that remain subject to examination by the relevant taxable authorities. The statute of limitations varies by jurisdiction in which the Company operates. Years through are subject to examination by the federal and state taxing authorities. The years and prior are subject to examination in certain foreign and state jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company is currently under audit by some jurisdictions. It is likely that the examination phase of several of these audits will conclude in the next . No significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits are expected to occur by December 31, 2023. 
 
 Estimated interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes are classified as a component of the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 The Company has elected to account for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI tax in the period in which it is incurred, and therefore has not provided any deferred tax impacts of GILTI in its consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

17. 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before classification, net of tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

18. 
 
 operating segments. The executive search business operates in the Americas, Europe (which includes Africa) and Asia Pacific (which includes the Middle East), and the Heidrick Consulting and On-Demand Talent businesses operate globally. 
 
 For segment purposes, reimbursements of out-of-pocket expenses classified as revenue and other operating income are reported separately and, therefore, are not included in the results of each segment. The Company believes that analyzing trends in revenue before reimbursements (net revenue), analyzing operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue, and analyzing operating income (loss), more appropriately reflect its core operations. 

68 

Europe Asia Pacific Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent Heidrick Consulting Revenue before reimbursements Reimbursements Total revenue Operating income (loss) Executive Search Americas (1) Europe (2) ) Asia Pacific (3) ) Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent (4) ) ) Heidrick Consulting (5) ) ) ) Total segments Research and development ) Global Operations Support (6) ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) ) Depreciation and amortization Executive Search Americas Europe Asia Pacific Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent Heidrick Consulting Total segments Research and development Global Operations Support Total depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Executive Search Americas Europe Asia Pacific Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent Heidrick Consulting Total segments Research and development Global Operations Support Total capital expenditures 
 
 (1) Includes million and million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Includes a million restructuring reversal and million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million of impairment charges in 2020. 
 (3) Includes a million restructuring reversal and million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million of impairment charges in 2020. 
 69 

million fair value adjustment to reduce the earnout and an million fair value adjustment to increase the earnout in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (5) Includes million and million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (6) Includes a million restructuring reversal and million of restructuring charges in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Europe Asia Pacific Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent Heidrick Consulting Total segments Global Operations Support Total allocated current assets Unallocated non-current assets Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Executive Search Americas Europe Asia Pacific Total Executive Search On-Demand Talent Heidrick Consulting Total goodwill and other intangible assets, net Total assets 
 
 The only country to account for more than 10 of the Company's net revenue and total long-lived assets is the United States. Net revenue in the United States for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Total long-lived assets in the United States as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

19. 
 
 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company has not accrued for these arrangements as no event of default exists or is expected to exist. 

20. 

70 

21. 
 
 million paid in the 2023 first quarter and an estimated subsequent payment, which the Company estimates to be between million and million, to be paid in 2023 upon the completion of Atreus' statutory audit for the year ended December 31, 2022, subject to customary working capital adjustments. The former owners of Atreus are also eligible to receive additional cash consideration, which the Company estimates to be between million and million on the acquisition date, based on the achievement of certain revenue and operating income milestones for the period from acquisition through 2025. 

71 

PART II (continued) 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any system of controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 Management of the Company, with the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (b) Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s board of directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the system of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, RSM US LLP, has issued a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The report on the audit of internal control over financial reporting appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 72 

(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 
 73 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information required by this Item relating to our directors, executive officers and corporate governance will be included in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 25, 2023 (the "2023 Proxy Statement") and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by this Item relating to our executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of the Board of Directors will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information required by this Item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Information required by this Item relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is presented below. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table sets forth additional information as of December 31, 2022, about shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the vesting of restricted stock units and performance stock units and the exercise of options under our existing equity compensation plans and arrangements, divided between plans approved by our stockholders and plans or arrangements not submitted to the stockholders for approval. For a description of the types of securities that may be issued under our Third Amended and Restated 2012 Heidrick Struggles GlobalShare Program, see Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation . 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 1,249,189 (1) 78,344 Equity compensation plans not approved stockholders Total equity compensation plans 1,249,189 78,344 
 
 (1) Includes 728,285 restricted stock units and 520,904 performance stock units and no options. The performance stock units represent the maximum amount of shares to be awarded, and accordingly, may overstate expected dilution. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by this Item regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be in included the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the discussion under the captions Fees Paid to Auditor and "Audit Finance Committee Policy and Procedures" in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 74 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT: 
 
 1. Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
 See Consolidated Financial Statements included as part of this Form 10-K beginning on page 35 . 
 
 2. Exhibits: 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 3.01 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 10-Q 3.01 4/27/2020 3.02 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 10-Q 3.02 4/27/2020 3.03 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant 
 8-K 3.1 12/19/2022 4.01 Specimen Stock Certificate 
 S-4 4.01 2/12/1999 4.02 Description of Securities 
 10-K 4.02 2/24/2020 10.01 Employment Agreement of Richard W. Greene 
 8-K 99.01 3/27/2015 10.02 Employment Agreement of Krishnan Rajagopalan dated April 9, 2015 
 8-K 99.1 4/20/2015 10.03 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Management Severance Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description as Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2010 
 8-K 10.1 10/25/2011 10.04 2007 Heidrick Struggles GlobalShare Program 
 DEF 14A App. A 4/25/2011 10.05 Heidrick Struggles Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008 
 10-K 10.20 2/27/2009 10.06 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement 
 8-K 10.5 2/5/2012 10.07 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 8-K 10.3 2/5/2012 10.08 Form of Performance Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 8-K 10.4 2/5/2012 10.09 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-K 10.19 3/14/2012 10.10 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. U.S. Employees Deferred Compensation Plan 
 10-K 10.10 3/10/2006 10.11 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
 S-8 4.1 2/8/2002 10.12 First Amendment to the Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. U.S. Employees Deferred Compensation Plan 
 10-K 10.25 2/27/2009 10.13 Heidrick Struggles Non-Employee Directors Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan - Amended and Restated as of September 30, 2016 
 8-K 2.1 10/5/2016 10.14 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, as amended and restated effective December 29, 2011 
 8-K 10.2 1/5/2012 10.15 Business Protection Agreement by and between Heidrick Struggles (UK) Limited and Mr. Colin Price dated January 18, 2016 
 8-K 99.2 1/19/2017 
 75 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 10.16 Amended and Restated 2012 Heidrick Struggles GlobalShare Plan 
 DEF 14A App. A 4/18/2014 10.17 Employment Agreement of Krishnan Rajagopalan dated September 21, 2017 
 8-K 99.1 9/21/2017 10.18 Employment Agreement between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. and Kamau Coar dated January 4, 2018 
 8-K 10.1 1/10/2018 10.19 Employment Agreement between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Andrew LeSueur dated January 9, 2018 
 8-K 10.2 1/10/2018 10.20 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Management Severance Pay Plan as amended and restated effective December 31, 2017 
 8-K 10.3 1/10/2018 10.21 Employment Agreement between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. and Mark Harris dated March 19, 2018 
 8-K 99.1 3/21/2018 10.22 Second Amended and Restated 2012 Heidrick Struggles GlobalShare Program 
 DEF 14A App. A 5/11/2018 10.23 Form of Phantom Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-Q 10.1 10/29/2018 10.24 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-Q 10.1 10/29/2018 10.25 Employment Agreement between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. and Sarah Payne dated December 5, 2018 
 8-K 10.1 12/6/2018 10.26 Employment Agreement between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. and Michael Cullen dated February 6, 2019 
 8-K 10.1 2/8/2019 10.27 Form of Performance Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-Q 10.1 7/29/2019 10.28 Form of Performance Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-K 10.53 7/24/2020 10.29 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-Q 10.1 7/27/2020 10.30 Form of Performance Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-Q 10.2 7/27/2020 10.31 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Participation Agreement 
 10-Q 10.3 7/27/2020 10.32 Third Amended and Restated 2012 Heidrick Struggles GlobalShare Program 
 S-8 6/22/2020 10.33 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Management Severance Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description As Amended and Restated effective December 31, 2020 
 10-K 10.58 2/24/2021 10.34 Separation Agreement and General Release, dated June 30, 2021, by and between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. and Kamau Coar 
 8-K 10.1 7/2/2021 10.35 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, by and among Heidrick Struggles International, Inc., the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers Party Thereto, the Lenders Party Thereto and Bank of America, N.A. 
 8-K 10.1 7/19/2021 10.36 Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 10-Q 10.1 10/25/2021 10.37 Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. Management Severance Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description as amended and restated effective April 12, 2022 
 8-K 10.1 4/15/2022 10.38 Employment Agreement between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. and Tracey Heaton dated October 31, 2021 
 10-Q 10.1 4/25/2022 
 76 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 10.39 Employment Agreement between Heidrick Struggles International, Inc. and Michael Cullen dated April 25, 2022 
 10-Q 10.1 7/25/2022 10.40 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 24, 2023, by and among Heidrick Struggles International, Inc, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers Party party hereto, the other Subsidiary Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent 
 10-K 10.40 2/27/2023 21.01 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.01 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - RSM US LLP 
 31.1 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 (b) SEE EXHIBIT INDEX ABOVE 
 
 (c) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOT PART OF ANNUAL REPORT 
 
 None. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 77 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 HEIDRICK STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. /s/ Stephen A. Bondi By: Stephen A. Bondi Title: Vice President, Controller Date: February 27, 2023 (Duly authorized on behalf of the registrant and in his capacity as Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 27 , 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Krishnan Rajagopalan Chief Executive Officer Director Krishnan Rajagopalan (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Mark R. Harris Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mark R. Harris (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Stephen A. Bondi Vice President, Controller Stephen A. Bondi (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Elizabeth L. Axelrod Director Elizabeth L. Axelrod /s/ Mary E. G. Bear Director Mary E. G. Bear /s/ Lyle Logan Director Lyle Logan /s/ T. Willem Mesdag Director T. Willem Mesdag /s/ Stacey Rauch Director Stacey Rauch /s/ Adam Warby Director Adam Warby 
 78 

<EX-4.02>
 2
 ex402-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-4.02

Document 
 Exhibit 4.02 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Heidrick & Struggles International Inc.'s common stock was the only class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 The following description of the terms of our common stock is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), both of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which this Exhibit 4.02 is a part. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 Authorized Capital Shares 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 110,000,000 shares, each with a par value of 0.01 per share, of which 
 
 100,000,000 shares are designated as common stock, of which 19,861,207 shares were outstanding as of February 24, 2023 and 
 10,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock, none of which were outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 Stockholders are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders, including the election of directors. The holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Under our Bylaws, any newly created directorship on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors shall, subject to the rights of holders of any shares of preferred stock, be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, provided that a quorum is present. Any other vacancy may, subject to the rights of holders of any shares of preferred stock, be filled only by a majority of the directors, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director appointed to fill a vacancy or a newly created directorship shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. If any applicable provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware expressly confers power on stockholders to fill such a directorship at a special meeting of stockholders, such a directorship may be filled at such meeting only by the affirmative vote of at least 75 in voting power of all shares of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class. 
 
 Dividend and Liquidation Rights 
 Holders of common stock will be entitled to receive dividends if, as and when dividends are declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor, after payment of dividends required to be paid on outstanding preferred stock, if any. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company, the holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and accrued but unpaid dividends and liquidation preferences on any outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Other Right s 
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights and are not subject to our further calls or assessment. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes a merger, asset sale or a transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, individually or together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns (or, in certain cases, within the preceding three years, did own) 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination between an interested stockholder and us is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions 
 
 prior to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, our Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 on consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding, for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and officers and (2) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer) or 
 at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Exhibit 4.02 

 Certain Anti-Takeover Effects 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the Delaware laws make the acquisition of us in a transaction not approved by our Board of Directors more difficult or expensive. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements 
 Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders to make nominations of candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders (or at a special meeting of stockholders at which one or more directors are to be elected at such meeting pursuant to the company s notice of the meeting) or bring other business before an annual meeting of our stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of director nominations and stockholder proposals must be given in writing in a timely manner to our secretary prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days prior to the anniversary of the prior year s annual meeting, nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the prior year s annual meeting. Notice with respect to a special meeting of stockholders must be received at our principal executive offices not more than 90 days prior to such special meeting and not less than the later of the 60th day prior to such special meeting and the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting. Such notices must comply with, and contain certain information specified in, our Bylaws. 
 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides for 10,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock. We believe that the availability of the preferred stock will provide increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other corporate needs that might arise. Having such authorized shares available for issuance will allow us to issue shares of preferred stock without the expense and delay of a special stockholders' meeting. The authorized shares of preferred stock, as well as shares of common stock, will be available for issuance without further action by the stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed. Although the Board of Directors has no current intention to do so, it would have the power (subject to applicable law) to issue a series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. For instance, subject to applicable law, such series of preferred stock might impede a business combination by including class voting rights that would enable the holder to block such a transaction. The Board of Directors will make any determination to issue such shares based on its judgment as to our best interests and our stockholders. The Board of Directors, in so acting, could issue preferred stock having terms which could discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction that some, or a majority of the stockholders might believe to be in their best interest or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then market price of such stock. 
 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation does not grant stockholders the right to vote cumulatively. 
 
 No Written Consent of Stockholders 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation does not permit our stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. 
 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 The Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders can be called only by the Chairman of the Board or the President of the company, at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors. Stockholders are not permitted to call a special meeting or to require that the Board of Directors call a special meeting of stockholders. Moreover, the business permitted to be conducted at any special meeting of stockholders is limited to the business brought before the meeting pursuant to the company s notice of meeting , except that director nominations may be made by stockholders only if one or more directors are to be elected at such meeting pursuant to the notice of meeting. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Stock Market) under the symbol HSII. 

</EX-4.02>

<EX-10.40>
 3
 ex1040-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-10.40

Document 
 Exhibit 10.40 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of February 24, 2023, is by and among HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the other Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers party hereto, the other Subsidiary Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company, Heidrick & Struggles B.V. Dutch Borrower ), the other Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto (together with the Dutch Borrower, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers and with the Company collectively, the Borrowers ), certain financial institutions from time to time party thereto (the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 26, 2018 (as amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced, or supplemented from time to time, the Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Lenders are willing to make such amendments to the Credit Agreement, in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the agreements hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Effective as of the Amendment Effective Date but subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Article II below, the Credit Agreement (including Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-3, but excluding all Schedules and other Exhibits, which shall remain in the original form delivered or most recently amended, as applicable) is hereby amended as set forth in the marked terms on Exhibit A-1 attached hereto. In Exhibit A-1 hereto, deletions of text in the Credit Agreement as amended hereby are indicated by struck-through text, and insertions of text are indicated by bold, double-underlined text. Exhibit A-2 attached hereto sets forth a clean copy of the Credit Agreement as amended hereby (including Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-3, but excluding all Schedules and other Exhibits, which shall remain in the original form delivered or most recently amended, as applicable), after giving effect to such amendments. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 

ARTICLE II 
 CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS 
 
 2.01 Closing Conditions . This Amendment shall become effective as of the day and year set forth above the Amendment Effective Date upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of a copy of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 A. 

Exhibit 10.40 

 ARTICLE III 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 3.01 Amended Terms . On and after the Amendment Effective Date, all references to the Credit Agreement in each of the Loan Documents shall hereafter mean the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Except as specifically amended hereby or otherwise agreed, the Credit Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect according to its terms. 
 
 3.02 Representations and Warranties of Loan Parties . Each of the Loan Parties represents and warrants as follows 
 
 (a) It has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment. 
 
 (b) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Person and constitutes such Person s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
 
 (c) No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any court or governmental authority or third party is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by such Person of this Amendment. 
 
 3.03 Reaffirmation of Obligations . Without in any way establishing a course of dealing by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and after giving effect to this Amendment, each Loan Party hereby ratifies the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and each other Loan Document, as applicable, and acknowledges and reaffirms (a) that it is bound by all terms of the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document applicable to it and (b) that it is responsible for the observance and full performance of its respective Obligations. 
 
 3.04 Loan Document . This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 3.05 Further Assurances . The Loan Parties agree to promptly take such action, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, as is necessary to carry out the intent of this Amendment. 
 
 3.06 Entirety. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents embody the entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 3.07 Counterparts Telecopy . This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument. Section 9.18 of the Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference, mutatis mutandis. 
 
 3.08 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Exhibit 10.40 

 3.09 Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 
 3.10 Jurisdiction Consent to Services of Process Waiver of Jury Trial . The jurisdiction, service of process and waiver of jury trial provisions set forth in Sections 9.09(b), 9.09(c), 9.09(d) and 9.10 of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, mutatis mutandis. 
 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

Exhibit 10.40 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed on the date first above written. 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC., as the Company 

By s Stephen A. Bondi 
 Name Stephen A. Bondi 
 Title Vice President & Controller 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES B.V., as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, a private company with limited liability besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands having its corporate seat statutaire zetel in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, its registered office at Gustav Mahlerlaan 1244, Noma House eleventh floor, 1081 LA Amsterdam and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 33277877 
 
 By s Stephen A. Bondi 
 Name Stephen A. Bondi 
 Title Director 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES, INC., as a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 By s Stephen A. Bondi 
 Name Stephen A. Bondi 
 Title Vice President & Controller 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES ESPANA, INC., as a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 By s Stephen A. Bondi 
 Name Stephen A. Bondi 
 Title Director 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES HONG KONG, LTD., as a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 By s Tracey Heaton 
 Name Tracey Heaton 
 Title Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary 
 
 SENN-DELANEY LEADERSHIP CONSULTING GROUP, LLC, as a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 By s Tracey Heaton 
 Name Tracey Heaton 
 Title Manager 

Exhibit 10.40 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES Unternehmensberatung GmbH & Co. KG, as a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 
 By s Stephen A. Bondi 
 Name Stephen A. Bondi 
 Title Director 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By s Taelitha Bonds-Harris 
 Name Taelitha Bonds-Harris 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., individually as a Lender, as a Swingline Lender and as an Issuing Bank 
 
 By s Brian Adams 
 Name Brian Adams 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s David Miller 
 Name David Miller 
 Title Director 
 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Alex Pacer 
 Name Alex Pacer 
 Title Vice President 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Phillip J. Salter 
 Name Phillip J. Salter 
 Title Vice President 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Debra Hoffenkamp 
 Name Debra Hoffenkamp 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 ASSOCIATED BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Christopher Neidhart 
 Name Christopher Neidhart 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Exhibit 10.40 

EXHIBIT A-1 
 Credit Agreement, as amended 
 
 Attached 
 
 EXHIBIT A-2 
 Clean Credit Agreement, as amended 
 
 Attached 

EXHIBIT A-1 

Published CUSIP Number 42281YAF4 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 October 26, 2018 as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 13, 2021 and the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 
 among 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 The Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers Party Hereto 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 TRUIST BANK, as Syndication Agent 
 and 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agent 
 ___________________________ BOFA SECURITIES, INC. 
 and 
 TRUIST SECURITES SECURITIES , INC., 
 as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 1 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 34 31 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 34 31 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations 35 32 
 SECTION 1.05. Status of Obligations 36 34 
 SECTION 1.06. Interest Rates 36 34 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 37 34 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments 37 34 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 37 34 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 38 35 
 SECTION 2.04. Intentionally Omitted 39 36 
 SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 39 36 
 SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 41 39 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 46 43 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 47 44 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 48 46 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 48 46 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 49 47 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees 50 48 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest 52 49 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 52 Inability to Determine Rates 50 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 56 53 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 57 54 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes 57 55 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 60 58 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 62 60 
 SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option 63 60 
 SECTION 2.21. Market Disruption 64 61 
 SECTION 2.22. Judgment Currency 65 62 
 SECTION 2.23. Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers 65 62 
 SECTION 2.24. Defaulting Lenders 66 63 
 SECTION 2.25. Designated Lenders 68 65 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 68 65 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers Subsidiaries 68 65 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 69 66 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 69 66 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 69 66 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties 69 67 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters 70 67 
 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements No Burdensome Restrictions 70 67 
 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 70 68 
 SECTION 3.09. Taxes 71 68 
 SECTION 3.10. ERISA 71 68 
 SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 71 68 
 SECTION 3.12. No Default 71 68 
 SECTION 3.13. Liens 71 68 

SECTION 3.14. Contingent Obligations 71 69 
 SECTION 3.15. Regulation U 71 69 
 SECTION 3.16. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 72 69 
 SECTION 3.17. Affected Financial Institutions 72 69 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 72 69 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 72 69 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 74 71 
 SECTION 4.03. Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 74 71 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 75 72 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 75 72 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 76 73 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 77 74 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 77 74 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance 77 74 
 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights 77 74 
 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws 77 74 
 SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 77 74 
 SECTION 5.09. Additional Subsidiary Documentation 78 75 
 SECTION 5.10. Pledge Agreements 78 75 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 79 76 
 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 79 76 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens 80 77 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 81 78 
 SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 82 79 
 SECTION 6.05. Swap Agreements 83 80 
 SECTION 6.06. Restricted Payments 84 81 
 SECTION 6.07. Transactions with Affiliates 84 81 
 SECTION 6.08. Restrictive Agreements 85 82 
 SECTION 6.09. Changes in Fiscal Year 85 82 
 SECTION 6.10. Subordinated Indebtedness 86 82 
 SECTION 6.11. Financial Covenants 86 83 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 86 83 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 89 86 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 95 92 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices 95 92 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 97 94 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 99 96 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 101 97 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 105 102 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 106 102 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 106 102 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 106 102 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 106 102 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 107 104 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings 107 104 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 108 104 
 SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation 109 105 
 SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act 109 105 
 - ii - 

SECTION 9.15. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors 109 106 
 SECTION 9.16. Attorney Representation 110 106 
 SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 110 106 
 SECTION 9.18. Electronic Execution 110 107 
 SECTION 9.19. Payments Set Aside 111 108 
 SECTION 9.20. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Support QFCs. 112 108 
 ARTICLE X Cross-Guarantee 113 109 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 2.01 -- Commitments Schedule 2.06 -- Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 3.01 -- Subsidiaries Schedule 3.06 -- Disclosed Matters Schedule 6.01 -- Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 -- Existing Liens Schedule 6.04 -- Existing Investments Schedule 6.08 -- Existing Restrictions EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A -- Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B-1 -- Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit B-2 -- Form of Swingline Loan Request Exhibit B-3 -- Form of Notice of Prepayment Exhibit C -- Form of Increasing Lender Supplement Exhibit D -- Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement Exhibit E -- Form of Subsidiary Guaranty Exhibit F -- Intentionally Omitted Exhibit G-1 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement Exhibit G-2 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Termination Exhibit H-1 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit H-2 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships) Exhibit H-3 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit H-4 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships) 

- iii - 

CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of October 26, 2018, as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 13, 2021, among HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC., the FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS from time to time party hereto, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, TRUIST BANK, as Syndication Agent and HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agent. 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties (as hereinafter defined) have requested that the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks make loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount of up to 200,000,000. 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks have agreed to make such loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE 1 Definitions 
 SECTION 1.0a. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to a Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Adjusted LIBO Rate means , with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any Interest Period , an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Foreign Subsidiary is defined in the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 
 Agreed Currencies means (a) with respect to Revolving Loans, Agreed Loan Currencies, and (b) with respect to Letters of Credit, Agreed LC Currencies. 
 Agreed LC Currencies means (a) the currencies described in clause (a) of the definition of Agreed Currencies, (b) Swiss Francs, (c) Singapore Dollars and (d) any other currency that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 Agreed Loan Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) Euro, (iii) British Pounds Sterling, (iv) Australian Dollars and (v) any other currency (x) that is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is 
 1 

readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (y) that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period in Dollars on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 , provided that the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR for any day shall be based on the LIBO Rate Term SOFR at approximately 11 00 a.m. London time Local Time on such day, subject to the interest rate floors set forth therein. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR , respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Authority means with respect to any Foreign Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Foreign Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, with respect to Loans, Swingline Loans or LC Exposure, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders (if the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments) provided that in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lender s Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculation. 
 Applicable Pledge Percentage means a 65 pledge by the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary of its Equity Interests in an Affected Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread , Eurocurrency Term SOFR and Foreign Currency Spread , or Commitment Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Leverage Ratio for the then most recently completed four fiscal quarter period as reflected in the then most recently delivered Financials but subject to the following 
 2 

Category Leverage Ratio ABR Spread Eurocurrency Term SOFR and Foreign Currency Spread 
 Commitment Fee Rate 
 1 Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 2.50 1.00 0.75 1.75 0.25 
 2 Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00 but less than 2.50 1.00 0.50 1.50 0.20 
 3 Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 1.00 1.00 but less than 1.75 1.00 0.25 1.25 0.20 
 4 Leverage Ratio is less than 1.00 1.00 0.00 1.00 0.15 

For purposes of the foregoing, 
 (1) if the Company fails to deliver the Financials to the Administrative Agent at the time required pursuant to Section 5.01, then Category 1 above shall be deemed to be applicable until the first Business Day of the calendar month immediately following the date on which such Financials are so received by the Administrative Agent 
 (2) adjustments, if any, to the Applicable Rate shall be effective on the first Business Day of the calendar month immediately following the date on which the Administrative Agent has received the applicable Financials 
 (3) each determination of the Applicable Rate made by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the foregoing shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and each Lender (absent manifest error) and 
 (4) notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, from the Effective Date to but not including the fifth (5th) Business Day following receipt of the Company s financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2018, Category 4 above shall be deemed applicable. 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 3 

AUD Rate means, for any Loans denominated in Australian Dollars, the AUD Screen Rate or, if applicable pursuant to the definition of LIBO Rate , such other rate as determined pursuant to the terms of Section 2.14 . 
 AUD Screen Rate means, denominated in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid Rate BBSY ), or a comparable or successor rate which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at or about 10 30 a.m. (Melbourne, Australia time) on the Quotation Day with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. 
 Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Australian Dollars means the lawful currency of Australia. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark , as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Availability has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.06. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Termination Date and the date of termination of the Commitments pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Company or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 
 Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, 
 4 

any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 2.14(c) then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 Benchmark Replacement means 
 (1) For purposes of Section 2.14(c)(i), the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (a) the sum of (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six-months duration, and 0.71513 (71.513 basis points) for an Available Tenor of twelve-months duration, or 
 (b) the sum of (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) 
 provided that, if initially LIBOR is replaced with the rate contained in clause (b) above (Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable spread adjustment) and subsequent to such replacement, the Administrative Agent determines that Term SOFR has become available and is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and each Lender of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Benchmark Replacement shall be as set forth in clause (a) above and 
 (2) For purposes of Section 2.14(c)( ii), the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention , including any applicable recommendations made by a Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time 
 provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause 0 or 0 above would be less than 0.00 , the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Any Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Quotation Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment , conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the 
 5 

Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark or a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such administrator announcing or stating that all Available Tenors are or will no longer be representative, or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication , there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide any representative tenors of such Benchmark after such specific date . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Borrower means the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date to the same Borrower and, in the case of Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans, in the same Agreed Currency and as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of a Borrower. 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement means a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 . 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Termination means a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 . 
 British Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located provided that 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Dollars in respect of any such 
 6 

Eurocurrency Loan, or any other dealings in Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Loan, means any such day that is also a London Banking Day 
 b a if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Foreign Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Foreign Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Foreign Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET2 Day 
 c b if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Foreign Currency Loan denominated in British Pounds Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom and 
 d c if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of a Foreign Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Foreign Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
 Capital Expenditures means, without duplication, any expenditures for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject to Section 1.04. 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) personal property, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP, subject to Section 1.04. 
 Capital Stock means (i) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock, (ii) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock, (iii) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and (iv) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person. 
 Cash Pooling Arrangement means any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances (including pursuant to cash pooling arrangements in respect of pooled deposit or sweep accounts). 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a United States Shareholder within the meaning of Section 951 of the Code. 
 Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the Effective Date), of Equity Interests representing more than 30 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company (on a fully diluted basis and taking into account any securities or contract rights exercisable, exchangeable or convertible into Equity Interests) (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Company by Persons who were neither (i) nominated or approved by the board of directors of the Company nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated or approved (c) the acquisition of direct or indirect Control of the Company by any Person or group (d) the Company ceases to own, directly or indirectly, and Control 100 (other than directors qualifying shares) of the ordinary voting and economic power of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower or (e) the occurrence of a change of control , fundamental change or similar occurrence in respect of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant 
 7 

Transactions and giving rise to a right to payment or purchase prior to scheduled maturity or an exercise of rights and remedies thereunder or in respect thereof. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Effective Date (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Collateral means all pledged Equity Interests in or upon which a security interest or Lien is from time to time granted to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations, whether under the Pledge Agreements, under any of the other Collateral Documents or under any of the other Loan Documents. 
 Collateral Documents means all agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement pursuant to which the Administrative Agent is granted a security interest in Collateral, including, without limitation, the Pledge Agreements and all other security agreements, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether heretofore, now, or hereafter executed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, together with all agreements and documents referred to therein or contemplated thereby. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The amount of each Lender s Commitment on the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01 . The aggregate amount of the Commitments on the First Amendment Effective Date is 200,000,000. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Company means Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Computation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, pursuant to Section 2.08, and (iii) such additional dates 
 8 

as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following (i) each date of issuance, amendment and or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by any Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, (iii) in the case of all Existing Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Effective Date, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, SONIA or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Alternate Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR , SONIA , and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition definitions of Business Day , and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Capital Expenditures means, with reference to any period, the Capital Expenditures of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP, excluding Capital Expenditures financed with Indebtedness permitted hereunder other than Loans. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means Consolidated Operating Income plus , (i) Consolidated Interest Income, (ii) depreciation, (iii) amortization, (iv) to the extent deducted in computing Consolidated Operating Income, fees, costs and expenses related to the Transactions, incurred within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, and (v) to the extent deducted in computing Consolidated Operating Income, (A) cash restructuring charges and integration expenses incurred by the Company in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25,000,000 during the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended and (B) non-cash charges, expenses or losses, including non-cash losses recorded in connection with the settlement, extinguishment or conversion of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, and minus , to the extent included in computing Consolidated Operating Income, all non-cash income or gains, including non-cash gains recorded in connection with the settlement, extinguishment or conversion of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis for the applicable period. 
 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is defined in Section 6.11.1. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the interest expense (including without limitation interest expense under Capital Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP) of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period. 
 Consolidated Interest Income means, with reference to any period, the interest income of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis. 
 Consolidated Operating Expense means, with reference to any period, expenses related to salaries, employee benefits and general and administrative expenses, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period and otherwise in accordance with GAAP. 
 9 

Consolidated Operating Income means, with reference to any period, the gross revenues less Consolidated Operating Expense, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period and as calculated in the manner disclosed by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means at any time the aggregate Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time in accordance with GAAP. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date means the scheduled maturity date of any series or class of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness. 
 Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(a). 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its participation in Swingline Loans at such time. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender (including Designated Lenders). 
 CRR means the Regulation (EU) No 575 2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648 2012. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the secured overnight financing rate SOFR published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of 
 10 

Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to the last sentence of Section 2.24) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Company, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender. The Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such notice to such Persons upon making such determination. 
 Delaware LLC means any limited liability company organized or formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Delaware Divided LLC means any Delaware LLC which has been formed upon the consummation of a Delaware LLC Division. 
 Delaware LLC Division means the statutory division of any Delaware LLC into two or more Delaware LLCs pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. 
 Designated Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.25. 
 Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06 or as otherwise disclosed by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018. 
 Disqualified Institution means, on any date, (a) any Person designated by the Company as a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date and (b) any other Person that is a competitor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which Person has been designated by the Company as a Disqualified Institution by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (by posting such notice to the Platform) not less than two (2) Business Days prior to such date provided that Disqualified Institutions shall exclude any Person that the Company has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from time to time. 
 Documentation Agent means HSBC Bank USA, National Association in its capacity as documentation agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 Dollar Amount of any currency at any date shall mean (i) the amount of such currency if such currency is Dollars or (ii) the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars if such currency is a Foreign Currency, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate for such currency, on or as of the most recent Computation Date. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America. 
 Dutch Borrower means (i) Heidrick & Struggles B.V., a private company with limited liability besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands having its corporate seat statutaire zetel in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, its registered office at Gustav Mahlerlaan 1244, Noma House eleventh floor, 1081 LA Amsterdam and registered with 
 11 

the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 33277877 and (ii) any other Borrower that is organized under the laws of the Netherlands. 
 Dutch Non-Public Lender means (i) until the publication of an interpretation of public as referred to in the CRR by the competent authority ies an entity which (x) assumes existing rights and or obligations vis- -vis a Dutch Borrower, the value of which is at least 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), (y) provides repayable funds for an initial amount of at least 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or (z) otherwise qualifies as not forming part of the public and (ii) as soon as the interpretation of the term public as referred to in the CRR has been published by the relevant authority ies an entity which is not considered to form part of the public on the basis of such interpretation. 
 Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders . 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of 
 (a) a determination by the Administrative Agent, or a notification by the Company to the Administrative Agent that the Company has made a determination, that U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 2.14(c) , are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and 
 (b) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and or the SEC. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means October 26, 2018. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic 
 12 

system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and any Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 Eligible Foreign Subsidiary means (i) Heidrick & Struggles B.V., a private company with limited liability besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands having its corporate seat statutaire zetel in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, its registered office at Gustav Mahlerlaan 1244, Noma House eleventh floor, 1081LA Amsterdam and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 33277877 and (ii) any other Foreign Subsidiary that is approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of Capital Stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, Equity Interests shall not include (x) Permitted Convertible Indebtedness until such time as such Indebtedness is converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock and such Capital Stock has been delivered by the Company to converting or exchanging holders or (y) Permitted Warrant Transactions. 
 Equivalent Amount of any currency with respect to any amount of Dollars at any date shall mean the equivalent in such currency of such amount of Dollars, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate for such other currency at 11 00 a.m., London New York City time, on the date on or as of which such amount is to be determined. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived) (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (e) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning 
 13 

the imposition upon the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Euro and or EUR means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Eurocurrency , when used in reference to a currency means an Agreed Currency and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 
 Eurocurrency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 Exchange Rate means, on any day, with respect to any Foreign Currency, the rate at which such Foreign Currency may be exchanged into Dollars, as set forth at approximately 11 00 a.m., Local Time, on such date on the Reuters World Currency Page for such Foreign Currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Currency Page, the Exchange Rate with respect to such Foreign Currency shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent or, in the event no such service is selected, such Exchange Rate shall instead be calculated on the basis of the arithmetical mean of the buy and sell spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent for such Foreign Currency on the London market at 11 00 a.m., Local Time, on such date for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, for delivery two Business Days later provided , that if at the time of any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the Company, may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation. If a Specified Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Specified Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient 
 (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Recipient is organized, in which its principal office is located, or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes 
 (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in any Loan Document pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in such Loan Document (other than pursuant to an assignment request by any Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17(a), amounts 
 14 

with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office 
 (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and 
 (d) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2015, as amended prior to the Effective Date, by and among the Borrowers, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 Extended Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit that, upon the Company s request and the relevant Issuing Bank s approval, shall have an expiry date later than the Termination Date. 
 Facility Office means the office designated by the applicable Lender through which such Lender will perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, and any official interpretations thereof. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it provided , that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means the letter agreement, dated July 13, 2021, among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and BofA Securities, Inc. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company. 
 Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Company and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b). 
 First Amendment Effective Date means July 13, 2021. 
 First Tier Foreign Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary with respect to which any one or more of the Company and its Domestic Subsidiaries directly owns or Controls more than 50 of such Foreign Subsidiary s issued and outstanding Equity Interests. 
 Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension 
 (a) denominated in British Pounds Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment and 
 (b) denominated in any other Foreign Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Foreign Currency at the time such Foreign Currency is approved 
 15 

by the Administrative Agent and each Lender plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 provided , that , if any Foreign Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in a Foreign Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Foreign Currency Daily Rate. All Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn and unexpired amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. 
 Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Currency Loan means a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 
 Foreign Currency Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b) . 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension 
 (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET2 Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period 
 (b) denominated in Australian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid Rate BBSY ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the Quotation Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period and 
 (c) denominated in any other Foreign Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Foreign Currency at the time such Foreign Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and each Lender plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 provided , that , if any Foreign Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Foreign Currency Term Rate. All Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means (a) a Subsidiary of the Company which is not a Domestic Subsidiary, (b) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of any Subsidiary described in clause (a) of this definition, and (c) any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Borrower means any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 and that has not ceased to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to such Section. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Holdco means any Domestic Subsidiary (a) substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that is a CFC and (b) that is treated as an entity disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income 
 16 

Tax purposes and substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that is a CFC. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Holders of Secured Obligations means the holders of the Obligations from time to time and shall include (i) each Lender and each Issuing Bank in respect of its Credit Events, (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in respect of all other present and future obligations and liabilities of the Company and each Subsidiary of every type and description arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) each Lender and Affiliate of such Lender in respect of Swap Agreements and Banking Services Agreements entered into with such Person by the Company or any Subsidiary, (iv) each indemnified party under Section 9.03 in respect of the obligations and liabilities of the Company to such Person hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (v) their respective successors and (in the case of a Lender, permitted) transferees and assigns. 
 Hostile Acquisition means (x) the acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person through a tender offer or similar solicitation of the owners of such Equity Interests which has not been approved (prior to such acquisition) by resolutions of the Board of Directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person or by similar action if such Person is not a corporation and (y) any such acquisition as to which such approval has been withdrawn. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication and subject to Section 1.04(a), (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind to such Person, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (with the amount of such Indebtedness being the lesser of the amount secured and the fair market value of the property subject to such Lien), (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such 
 17 

Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness shall not include Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant Transactions. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Termination Date, (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Termination Date, (c) as to any Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Termination Date, (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Termination Date and (e) as to any Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall be Interest Payment Dates . 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing as to each Term SOFR Loan and Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing Loan , the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable, and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is date one, three or six months (or, with the consent of each Lender, twelve months) thereafter, as the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) may elect thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice, or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability) provided , that 
 i a if any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day other than that is not a Business Day , such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing or Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing Loan only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and 
 ii b any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Borrowing Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan that commences begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month at the end of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Issuing Bank means each of Bank of America, N.A. and any other Lender, that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank, which is reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Administrative Agent, each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of 
 18 

Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 LC Sublimit means 25,000,000, as the foregoing amount may be decreased or increased from time to time with the written consent of the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued, or deemed issued, pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Leverage Ratio is defined in Section 6.11.2. 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any applicable Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate LIBOR as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the LIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on the Quotation Day for Dollars and Interest Period provided that, if the LIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 LIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LIBO Rate . 
 LIBOR Screen Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LIBO Rate . 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidity means unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the United States (or that could be repatriated to the United States (less the applicable combined U.S. federal and state marginal income Tax, and any other applicable foreign Tax, due or payable that would be imposed on the Company or applicable Subsidiary in the case of, and with respect to, the repatriation of such cash to the United States of America, in each case at such time)) at such time in excess of 50,000,000 plus the amount of availability under the Commitments. 
 19 

Loan Documents mean this Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Termination, any promissory notes executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.10(e), the Subsidiary Guaranty, the Collateral Documents and any and all other instruments and documents executed and delivered in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Loans means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrowers under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan. 
 Local Time means (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars and (ii) local time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency (it being understood that such local time shall mean London, England time unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 
 Material Adverse Change means any event, development or circumstance that has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, property, operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their obligations under the Loan Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 20,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Subsidiaries means each Subsidiary the consolidated gross revenues of which for the most recent four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 were greater than two and a half percent (2.5 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for such four fiscal quarter period or (ii) the consolidated tangible assets of which as of the end of such four fiscal quarter period were greater than two and a half percent (2.5 of the Company s consolidated tangible assets as of such date provided that, if at the end of any fiscal quarter the aggregate amount of the consolidated gross revenues or consolidated tangible assets of all Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries exceeds twenty-five percent (25 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for any such four fiscal quarter period or twenty-five percent (25 of the Company s consolidated tangible assets as of the end of any such four fiscal quarter period, the Company (or, in the event the Company has failed to do so on the date that it delivers its compliance certificate for such fiscal quarter pursuant to Section 5.01(d), the Administrative Agent) shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries. The Material Subsidiaries on the Effective Date are identified in Schedule 3.01 hereto. For the avoidance of doubt, all Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors shall deemed to be Material Subsidiaries. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Non-U.S. Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B-3 or such other form as may be approved by the 
 20 

Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 Obligations means all Loans, LC Disbursements, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing by the Borrowers or any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Issuing Bank, or any indemnified Person hereunder, of any kind or nature, present or future, arising under this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty, any Collateral Document or any other Loan Document, whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument, whether or not for the payment of money, whether arising by reason of an extension of credit, loan, guaranty, indemnification, or in any other manner, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired provided , however , that (i) the Obligations of a Subsidiary Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Subsidiary Guarantor, and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, Obligations shall not include Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions. The term includes, without limitation, all interest, charges, expenses, fees, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, reasonable paralegals fees (in each case whether or not allowed), and any other sum chargeable to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 OFAC means Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan Document). 
 Other Rate Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Company have elected to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement other than a SOFR-based rate pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 2.14(c)(ii) and paragraph (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 Other Taxes means any present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment under Section 2.19(b)). 
 Overnight Foreign Currency Rate means, for any amount payable in a Foreign Currency, the rate of interest per annum as determined by the Administrative Agent at which overnight or weekend deposits in the relevant currency (or if such amount due remains unpaid for more than three (3) Business Days, then for such other period of time as the Administrative Agent may elect) for delivery in immediately available and freely transferable funds would be offered by the Administrative Agent to major banks in the interbank market upon request of such major banks for the relevant currency as determined above and in an amount comparable to the unpaid principal amount of the related Credit Event, plus any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed upon, or charged to, the Administrative Agent by any relevant correspondent bank in respect of such amount in such relevant currency. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 21 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise but excluding in any event a Hostile Acquisition) by the Company or any Subsidiary of (i) all or substantially all the assets of a Person or division or line of business of a Person or (ii) at least a majority of the voting Equity Interests in a Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person, if, at the time of and immediately after giving effect thereto, (a) no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (b) the principal business of such Person shall be reasonably related to, or strategically aligned with, a business in which the Company and the Subsidiaries were engaged on the Effective Date, (c) each Subsidiary formed for the purpose of or resulting from such acquisition shall, to the extent required under the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor , be a Subsidiary Loan Party, and all actions required to be taken with respect to such acquired or newly formed Subsidiary under Sections 5.09 and 5.10 shall have been taken, (d) the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such acquisition, with the covenant contained in Section 6.11.1 recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements are available, as if such acquisition (and any related incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, with any new Indebtedness being deemed to be amortized over the applicable testing period in accordance with its terms) had occurred on the first day of each relevant period for testing such compliance and (ii) the Leverage Ratio, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such acquisition, would not exceed 2.50 to 1.00 and (e) with respect to an acquisition in respect of which the sum of all cash consideration paid or delivered in connection therewith exceeds 30,000,000, the Company has delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate to the effect set forth in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, together with all relevant financial information for the Person or assets to be acquired and reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent the requirement set forth in clause (d) above (including with respect to any pro forma calculations). 
 Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions means any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Company s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change of the common stock of the Company) purchased by Company in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness provided that the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions, less the proceeds received by Company from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transactions, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Company from the issuance of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in connection with such Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions. 
 Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means notes, bonds, indentures or similar instruments issued by the Company that are convertible into or exchangeable for (x) cash, (y) shares of the common stock of the Company (or securities or property of another Person following a merger event or other change of the common stock of the Company) or (z) a combination thereof. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 45 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 22 

(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations 
 (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company or any Subsidiary provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness other than the Liens permitted under Section 6.02 and 
 (g) usual and customary possessory liens and rights of setoff in favor of banks and brokerages in respect of deposit and investment accounts, and including liens that are contractual rights of set-off or other rights of set-off arising by operation of law relating to Cash Pooling Arrangements to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 Permitted Foreign Reorganization Transfers means, to the extent approved by the Administrative Agent, loans, advances or capital contributions by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries in order to implement the reorganization of the Company s Foreign Subsidiaries and foreign branches. 
 Permitted Investments means 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (b) direct obligations of any agency of the United States of America, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (c) municipal investments and direct obligations of any State of the United States of America, in each case with a rating of BBB+ or higher and a maximum maturity of 12 months (for securities where the interest rate is adjusted periodically (e.g. floating rate securities), the reset date will be used to determine the maturity date) 
 (d) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a rating of A-2 from S&P and P-2 from Moody s 
 (e) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any Lender or any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (f) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (e) above 
 (g) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 500,000,000 
 23 

(h) in the case of investments of any Foreign Subsidiary or non-domestic branch of the Company, securities issued by any foreign government or any political subdivision of any foreign government or any public instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than one year from the date of the acquisitions thereof and, at the time of the acquisition thereof, having an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s, or other generally recognized rating agency 
 (i) investments in readily marketable investment grade rated bonds of any Person having, at such date of acquisition, a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S 
 (j) investments in funds that invest solely in one or more of types of securities described in clauses (a) through (i) above and 
 (k) in the case of investments by any Foreign Subsidiary or non-domestic branch of the Company, (i) investments in time deposits maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with any highly capitalized commercial bank which is located in the jurisdiction where such non-domestic branch of the Company or such Foreign Subsidiary is located and which bank has an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s or other generally recognized rating agency and (ii) other investments in money market funds domiciled in such jurisdiction that (x) are rated AAA by S&P and AAA by Moody s and (y) have portfolio assets of at least 2,000,000,000. 
 Permitted Two-Year Investments means 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America, in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (b) direct obligations of any agency of the United States of America, in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (c) municipal investments and direct obligations of any State of the United States of America with a rating of BBB+ or higher and a maximum maturity of two years (for securities where the interest rate is adjusted periodically (e.g. floating rate securities), the reset date will be used to determine the maturity date) 
 (d) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any Lender or any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (e) in the case of investments by any Foreign Subsidiary or non-domestic branch of the Company, securities issued by any foreign government or any political subdivision of any foreign government or any public instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than two years from the date of the acquisitions thereof and, at the time of the acquisition thereof, having an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s, or other generally recognized rating agency 
 (f) investments in funds that invest solely in one or more of the types of securities described in clauses (a) through (e) above and 
 (g) in the case of investments by any non-domestic branch of the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary, investments in time deposits maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with any highly capitalized commercial bank which is located in the jurisdiction where such non-domestic branch of the Company or such Foreign Subsidiary is located and which bank has an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s or other generally recognized rating agency. 
 24 

Permitted Warrant Transactions means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Company s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change of the common stock of the Company) sold by the Company substantially concurrently in connection with any purchase by the Company of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 
 Pledge Agreements means the pledge agreements, share mortgages, charges and comparable instruments and documents from time to time executed pursuant to the terms of Section 5.10 in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Pledged Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary a portion of the Equity Interests of which has been pledged pursuant to a Pledge Agreement in accordance with Section 5.10. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America, N.A. as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 QFC has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Quotation Day means two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Quotation Day means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the Board relating to the extension of credit by securities brokers and dealers, including all members of national securities exchanges. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the Board relating to the extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the Board for the purpose of applying the provisions of Regulation T and Regulation U to borrowers who are subject to United States laws and who obtain credit within or outside the United States for the purpose of purchasing securities. 
 25 

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, (b) with respect to Loans denominated in British Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (d) with respect to Loans denominated in any other Agreed Currency, (i) the central bank for the currency in which such Loan is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (x) such Successor Rate or (y) the administrator of such Successor Rate or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (w) the central bank for the currency in which such Successor Rate is denominated, (x) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Successor Rate or (B) the administrator of such Successor Rate, (y) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, LIBO Rate Term SOFR , (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros, EURIBOR and (d) Australian Dollars, BBSY, as applicable. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time. The Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time provided that, the amount of any participation in any Swingline Loan and unreimbursed LC Disbursements that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swingline Lender or an Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in making such determination. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.18(d)(ii) . 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), (b) any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, (c) any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, (d) the initial premium amount for a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and the sales proceeds from a Permitted Warrant Transaction in connection with Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, taken together as a single transaction, on a net basis, and (e) any payment made in cash to holders of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in excess of the original principal (or notional) amount thereof and interest solely on such excess amount, unless and to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash (whether through a direct cash payment or a settlement in shares of stock that are immediately sold for cash) substantially contemporaneously from the other parties to a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction relating to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, and (f) any cash payment made in connection with the settlement of a Permitted Warrant Transaction to the extent the Company has the option of satisfying such payment obligation through the issuance of shares of common stock. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, director or other authorized representative of a Loan Party, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the 
 26 

applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in a Foreign Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Foreign Currency. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, Her Majesty s Treasury HMT ), the European Union or any European Union member state in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts business, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time and applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts business or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(c). 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Secured Obligations means, collectively, (i) the Obligations, (ii) all Banking Services Obligations owing to one or more Lenders and their respective Affiliates and (iii) all Swap Obligations provided that the definition of Secured Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party. 
 SOFR Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Company have elected to replace LIBOR pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 2.14(c)(i) and paragraph (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator) . 
 SOFR Adjustment means 0.10 . 
 SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as 
 27 

may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326 per annum. 
 Specified Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve, liquid asset, fees or similar requirements (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves or other requirements) established by any central bank, monetary authority, the Board, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority, the European Central Bank or other Governmental Authority for any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in the applicable currency, expressed in the case of each such requirement as a decimal. Such reserve, liquid asset, fees or similar requirements shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board. Eurocurrency Loans shall be deemed to be subject to such reserve, liquid asset, fee or similar requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under any applicable law, rule or regulation, including Regulation D of the Board. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve, liquid asset or similar requirement. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to a subordination agreement on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means each Subsidiary (other than (x) any Foreign Subsidiary to the extent (a) such Foreign Subsidiary is a CFC, a Subsidiary of a CFC or a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco (unless, as determined by the Company acting in good faith or upon advice of its tax advisors that, causing any such Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor would not have disadvantageous tax implications for the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary under Section 956 of the Code (or any successor provision or any applicable U.S. Treasury Regulation)) or (b) designation or continuation of such Foreign Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor would be prohibited by applicable law - each such Foreign Subsidiary, an Affected Foreign Subsidiary or (y) any non-wholly owned Subsidiary to the extent that designation or continuation of such non-wholly owned Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor would be prohibited (a) by applicable law or (b) by the terms of its organizational documents or other contractual restrictions from being a Subsidiary Guarantor so long as such prohibition was not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary (each such non-wholly owned Subsidiary an Affected Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary and together with the Affected Foreign Subsidiary, each an Affected Subsidiary )) (i) the consolidated gross revenues of which for the most recent four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 were greater than five percent (5 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for such four fiscal quarter period or (ii) the consolidated tangible assets of which as of the end of such four fiscal quarter period were greater than five percent (5 of the Company s consolidated 
 28 

tangible assets as of such date provided that, if at the end of any fiscal quarter the aggregate amount of the consolidated gross revenues or consolidated tangible assets of all Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors exceeds thirty-five percent (35 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for any such four fiscal quarter period or thirty-five percent (35 of the Company s consolidated tangible assets as of the end of any such four fiscal quarter period, the Company (or, in the event the Company has failed to do so on the date that it delivers its compliance certificate for such fiscal quarter pursuant to Section 5.01(d), the Administrative Agent) shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries (other than Affected Subsidiaries) as Subsidiary Guarantors to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Subsidiary Guarantors. The Subsidiary Guarantors on the Effective Date are identified in Schedule 3.01 hereto. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty means that certain Guaranty dated as of the Effective Date in substantially the form of Exhibit E (including any and all supplements thereto) and executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto, and, in the case of any guaranty by a Foreign Subsidiary, any other guaranty agreements as are requested by the Administrative Agent and its counsel, in each case as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Subsidiary Loan Party means a Subsidiary Guarantor or a Pledged Subsidiary. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b) means either a Foreign Currency Successor Rate or a Term SOFR Successor Rate , as the context may require . 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 9.20. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan (including, without limitation, restricted stock awards, options and other incentive compensation plans) providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Swap Agreement shall not include any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant Transactions. 
 Swap Obligations means all indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company under Swap Agreements to any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender. 
 Swingline Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.05. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swingline Lender and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). 
 Swingline Lender means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swingline Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.05. 
 Swingline Loan Request means a notice of a Swingline Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.05(b), which shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. 
 29 

Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 10,000,000 and (b) the Commitment. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitments. 
 Syndication Agent means Truist Bank in its capacity as syndication agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 TARGET2 Day means a day that TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 Taxes means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means , for the applicable corresponding tenor (or if any Available Tenor of a Benchmark does not correspond to an Available Tenor for the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the closest corresponding Available Tenor and if such Available Tenor corresponds equally to two Available Tenors of the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the corresponding tenor of the shorter duration shall be applied), 
 (i) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11 00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto , in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment and 
 (ii)for any interest calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day 
 provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) . 
 Term SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(c) . 
 Termination Date means July 13, 2026. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the 
 30 

Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR , a Foreign Currency Term Rate, a Foreign Currency Daily Rate or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 9.20. 
 U.S. Tax Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(D)(2). 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.0c. Terms Generally. 
 (i)The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or 
 31 

otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (ii)In this Agreement, where it relates to the Dutch Borrower or any other Dutch Subsidiary, or to any Dutch law governed security, a reference to (i) necessary organizational actions, where applicable, include any action required to comply with the Works Councils Act of the Netherlands Wet op de ondernemingsraden and obtaining of an unconditional positive advice advies from the competent works council(s), (ii) a Lien or security interest includes any mortgage hypotheek ), pledge pandrecht ), financial collateral agreement financi lezekerheidsovereenkomst ), privilege voorrecht ), retention of title arrangement eigendomsvoorbehoud ), right of retention recht van retentie ), right to reclaim goods recht van reclame and, in general, any right in rem beperkt recht ), created for the purpose of granting security goederenrechtelijk zekerheidsrecht ), (iii) a winding up, liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency and administration (and any of those terms) includes a Dutch entity being declared bankrupt failliet verklaard or dissolved ontbonden ), (iv) a moratorium includes surseance van betaling , (v) bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings include (A) bankruptcy faillissement ), suspension of payments surseance van betaling or any other procedure having the effect that the entity to which it applies loses the free management or ability to dispose of its property (irrespective of whether the procedure is provisional or final) and (B) dissolution ontbinding or any other procedure having the effect that the entity to which it applies ceases to exist, (vi) any step, action or procedure taken in connection with, or acquiescence in, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings includes filing or having filed a notice under Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act of the Netherlands Invorderingswet 1990 or Section 60 of the Social Insurance Financing Act of the Netherlands Wet Financiering Sociale Verzekeringen in conjunction with Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act of the Netherlands Invorderingswet 1990 ), (vii) a receiver or trustee includes a curator , (viii) an administrator (in the context of a moratorium, suspension of payments or other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) includes a bewindvoerder , (ix) an attachment includes a beslag , (x) a merger includes a juridische fusie and (xi) a Subsidiary includes a dochtermaatschappij as defined in Article 2 24a of the Dutch Civil Code Burgerlijk Wetboek ). In this Agreement, a reference to any person incorporated or established in the Netherlands includes a general partnership vennootschap onder firma ), a limited partnership commanditaire vennootschap or other partnership maatschap or other entity and any other temporary or permanent joint venture as well as similar entities incorporated under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. In this Agreement, a reference to the Netherlands means the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and Dutch means in or of the Netherlands. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations. 
 (i)Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or 
 32 

Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and in the case of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness for which the embedded conversion obligation must be settled by paying solely cash, so long as substantially concurrently with the offering of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, the Company enters into a cash-settled Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction relating to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, for so long as such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction (or a portion thereof corresponding to the amount of outstanding Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) remains in effect, all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made as if the amount of Indebtedness represented by such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness were equal to the face principal amount thereof without regard to any mark-to-market derivative accounting for such Indebtedness, (iii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of lease obligations that are not, or would not be, capital or finance lease obligations under GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date, but which are recharacterized as capital or finance lease obligations (and hence excluded for all purposes hereof from Capital Expenditures, Capital Lease Obligations and Indebtedness) pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842 (or any successor provisions of similar import), (iv) in a manner such that any obligations relating to a lease of real property shall be accounted for as obligations relating to an operating lease and not as Capital Lease Obligations (and hence excluded for all purposes hereof from Capital Expenditures, Capital Lease Obligations and Indebtedness) so long as such lease is not part of a sale-and-lease back transaction and (v) for purposes of all calculations hereunder, the principal amount of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall be the outstanding principal (or notional) amount thereof, valued at par. 
 (ii)To the extent that the Company makes any Permitted Acquisition during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Company most recently ended 
 (1) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio and Leverage Ratio shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Permitted Acquisition had occurred on the first day of such period 
 (2) interest accrued during the relevant period on, and the principal of, any Indebtedness repaid or to be repaid or refinanced in such transaction shall be excluded from the results of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period 
 (3) any Indebtedness actually or proposed to be incurred or assumed in such transaction shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable period, and interest thereon shall be deemed to have accrued from such day on such Indebtedness at the applicable rates provided therefor (and in the case of interest that does or would accrue at a formula or floating rate, at the rate in effect at the time of determination or as otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent) and shall be included in the results of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period and 
 (4) the pro forma calculation describe in clause (i) above shall be made without giving effect to any cost savings other than those actually realized as of the date of such Permitted Acquisition or thereafter realized during such period or otherwise approved in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 (iii)Any requirement in this Agreement that a transaction shall be in compliance on a pro form basis means that such transaction does not cause, create or result in a Default after giving pro forma effect thereto in accordance with clause (b) above, based upon the results of operations for the most recently completed fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered under Section 5.01(a) and (b), to (x) such transaction and (y) all other transactions which are contemplated or required to be given pro forma effect hereunder that have occurred on or after the first day of the relevant period. 
 33 

SECTION 1.0e. Status of Obligations. In the event that the Company or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Company shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of SOFR , Foreign Currency Daily Rate , Foreign Currency Term Rate , LIBO Rate Term SOFR or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or Conforming Changes. 
 ARTICLE 2 The Credits 
 SECTION 1.0a. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or (ii) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the sum of the Dollar Amount of the total Credit Exposures exceeding the aggregate Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow the Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Loans and Borrowings. 
 (i)Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. 
 (ii)Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans, Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans as the relevant Borrower may request in accordance herewith provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the relevant Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (iii)At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 250,000 units of such currency) and not less than 1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 1,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 
 34 

250,000 units of such currency and not less than 1,000,000 units of such currency. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 and not less than 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the aggregate Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of five (5) Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowings and Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowings outstanding. 
 (iv)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Termination Date. 
 (v)Any Loan to, or Letter of Credit issued on behalf of, any Dutch Borrower shall at all times be provided by a Lender that is a Dutch Non-Public Lender. 
 (vi)With respect to any Foreign Currency Daily Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing of a Revolving Loan, the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request), not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, (x) two (2) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars or by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf), (y) three (3) Business Days (in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing (other than Australian Dollars) or a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing) and (z) four (4) Business Days (in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing denominated in Australian Dollars), in each case before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) by telephone in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided that any such notice of an ABR Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided, further, that if the Borrower wishes to request Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, four (4) Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing , conversion or continuation , whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. Not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders and the Administrative Agent . Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower). Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (1) the name of the applicable Borrower 
 (2) the aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (3) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 35 

(4) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing 
 (5) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (6) the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07(a). 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, then the relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Intentionally Omitted . 
 SECTION 1.0e. Swingline Loans. 
 (a) The Swingline . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section, may in its sole discretion make loans to the Company (each such loan, a Swingline Loan ). Each such Swingline Loan may be made, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to the Company, in Dollars, from time to time on any Business Day. During the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swingline Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swingline Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of the Lender acting as Swingline Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment provided , however , that (i) after giving effect to any Swingline Loan, (A) the total Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Commitments at such time, and (B) the Credit Exposure of any Lender at such time shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, (ii) the Company shall not use the proceeds of any Swingline Loan to refinance any outstanding Swingline Loan, and (iii) the Swingline Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swingline Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Event may have, fronting exposure to a Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or cash collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Section, prepay under Section 2.10, and reborrow under this Section. Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest only at a rate based on the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. Immediately upon the making of a Swingline Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swingline Lender a risk participation in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swingline Loan. 
 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swingline Borrowing shall be made upon the Company s irrevocable notice to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Swingline Loan Request provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swingline Loan Request. Each such Swingline Loan Request must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day). Promptly after receipt by the Swingline Lender of any Swingline Loan Request, the Swingline Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swingline Loan Request and, if not, the Swingline Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swingline Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the 
 36 

Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swingline Borrowing (A) directing the Swingline Lender not to make such Swingline Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.05(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender may make the amount of its Swingline Loan available to the Company at its office by crediting the account of the Company on the books of the Swingline Lender in immediately available funds. 
 
 (c) Refinancing of Swingline Loans . 
 
 (i) The Swingline Lender at any time in its sole discretion may request, on behalf of the Company (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make an ABR Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Borrowing Request for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of ABR Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swingline Lender shall furnish the Company with a copy of the applicable Borrowing Request promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Borrowing Request available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply cash collateral available with respect to the applicable Swingline Loan) for the account of the Swingline Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified in such Borrowing Request, whereupon, subject to Section 2.05(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made an ABR Loan to the Company in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (ii) If for any reason any Swingline Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(i), the request for ABR Loans submitted by the Swingline Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swingline Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swingline Loan and each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 
 (iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(c) by the time specified in Section 2.05(c)(i), the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swingline Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Swingline Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swingline Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swingline Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swingline Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (iv) Each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swingline Lender, the Company or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided however , that each Lender s obligation to make 
 37 

Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Company of a Borrowing Request). No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to repay Swingline Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 
 (i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swingline Loan, if the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of such Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swingline Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swingline Loan is required to be returned by the Swingline Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 9.19 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swingline Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swingline Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swingline Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swingline Lender . The Swingline Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Company for interest on the Swingline Loans. Until each Lender funds its ABR Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section to refinance such Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swingline Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swingline Lender . The Company shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swingline Loans directly to the Swingline Lender. 
 
 SECTION 1.0f. Letters of Credit. 
 (i) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in Agreed Currencies as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Company to, or entered into by the Company with, the relevant Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Schedule 2.06 contains a schedule of certain letters of credit issued by Bank of America, N.A. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, from and after the Effective Date, such letters of credit (to the extent that they were not already issued pursuant to this Section 2.06) shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued pursuant to this Section 2.06. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. The Company unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Subsidiary s obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Company will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Company hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such a Subsidiary that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). 
 (ii) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), 
 38 

the Company shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the relevant Issuing Bank) to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Agreed Currency applicable thereto, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by an Issuing Bank, the Company also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed 25,000,000, (ii) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the sum of the Dollar Amount of the total Credit Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments and (iii) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the Dollar Amount of the aggregate face amount of all Letters of Credit issued and then outstanding by any Issuing Bank shall not exceed the LC Sublimit. 
 (iii) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the relevant Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the date that is five Business Days prior to the Termination Date unless such Letter of Credit is an Extended Letter of Credit, in which case the expiry date shall not be later than the date which is three years after the Termination Date so long as the Company shall have complied with Section 2.06(j). 
 (iv) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the relevant Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the relevant Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the relevant Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Company on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (v) Reimbursement . If the relevant Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the Dollar Amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement (or if such Issuing Bank shall so elect in its sole discretion by notice to the Company, in such other Agreed Currency which was paid by such Issuing Bank pursuant to such LC Disbursement in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement) not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Company shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 00 a.m., Local Time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Company prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than the Dollar Amount of 1,000,000, the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with (i) an ABR Borrowing, Swingline Loan or Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement or (ii) to the extent that such LC Disbursement was made in a Foreign Currency, a Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Borrowing in such Foreign Currency (in the event such Foreign Currency is an Agreed Loan Currency) in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement 
 39 

and, in each case, to the extent so financed, the Company s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing, Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing, Foreign Currency Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Company fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Company, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders, provided that (x) such payment shall be payable by no later than 1 00 p.m. New York City time and (y) with respect to any such payment in respect of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Agreed LC Currency that is not an Agreed Loan Currency, any Lender may make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of an ABR Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the Company s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any Other Tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Company shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or (y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Agreed Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Equivalent Amount, calculated using the applicable exchange rates, on the date such LC Disbursement is made, of such LC Disbursement. 
 (vi) Obligations Absolute . The Company s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the relevant Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Company s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the relevant Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the relevant Issuing Bank from liability to the Company to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Company that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make 
 40 

payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (vii) Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Company by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and or the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (viii) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full as required by paragraph (e) above, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Company reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans (or in the case such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate for such Agreed Currency plus the then effective Applicable Rate with respect to Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Loans) provided that, if the Company fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (ix) Replacement of the Issuing Bank . Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of any Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (x) Cash Collateralization . If (x) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Company receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph or (y) the Company requests, and the relevant Issuing Bank approves, the issuance of an Extended Letter of Credit, the Company shall either (A) cover by arranging for the issuance of one or more standby letters of credit issued by an issuer, and otherwise on terms and conditions, satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (B) deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105 of the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure in respect of such Extended Letter of Credit (in the case of the foregoing clause (y)) or in the aggregate (in the case of the foregoing clause (x)) as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that (i) the portions of such amount attributable to undrawn Foreign Currency Letters of Credit or LC Disbursements in a Foreign Currency that the Company is not late in reimbursing shall be deposited in the applicable Foreign Currencies in the actual amounts of such undrawn Letters of Credit and LC Disbursements and (ii) the obligation to provide such letter of credit cover or deposit such cash collateral shall (1) be required by no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Termination Date in the case of an Extended Letter of Credit and (2) become effective immediately, and such cover or deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Company described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Foreign Currency LC Exposure shall be calculated 
 41 

using the applicable Exchange Rate on the date notice demanding cash collateralization is delivered to the Company. The Company also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(c). Such cover and deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent in interest-bearing accounts selected at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Company s risk and expense as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Company for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement. If the Company is required to provide an amount of letter of credit cover or cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Company within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (xi) Issuing Bank Agreements . Each Issuing Bank agrees that, unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the aggregate face amount of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), it being understood that such Issuing Bank shall not permit any issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that it is then permitted under this Agreement, (ii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank pays any amount in respect of one or more drawings under Letters of Credit, the date of such payment(s) and the amount of such payment(s), (iii) on any Business Day on which the Borrowers fail to reimburse any amount required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount and currency of such payment in respect of Letters of Credit and (iv) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Funding of Borrowings. 
 (i)Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, by 12 00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 12 00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency and at such Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency and Borrower provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the relevant Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to (x) an account of the Company maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City or Chicago or any other account as is designated by the Company in the applicable Swingline Request or Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of such Borrower in the relevant jurisdiction and designated by such Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 (ii)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and such Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including 
 42 

the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency) or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 (iii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction to the extent otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent , and such Lender. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Interest Elections. 
 (i)Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. A Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Swingline Loan may not be converted to a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan. 
 (ii)To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower, or the Company on its behalf, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by telephone or irrevocable written notice in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars or by irrevocable written notice (via an Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the relevant Borrower, or the Company on its behalf. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit any Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available for such Borrowing. Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. 
 (iii)Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (1) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (2) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 43 

(3) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing and 
 (4) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (iv)Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (v)If the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing and (ii) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency in respect of which the applicable Borrower shall have failed to deliver an Interest Election Request prior to the third (3 rd Business Day preceding the end of such Interest Period, such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing in the same Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month unless such Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.11. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing denominated in Dollars may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing, (ii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (iii) unless repaid, each Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall automatically be continued as a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 
 (i)Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Termination Date. 
 (ii)The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans and reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with Section 2.11, the Dollar Amount of the sum of the Credit Exposures would exceed the aggregate Commitments. 
 (iii)The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or financings, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent (but shall not impact the Company s ability to exercise the expansion option described in Section 2.20). Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 44 

SECTION 1.j. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt. 
 (i)Each Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan made to such Borrower on the Termination Date in the currency of such Loan and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Termination Date and the tenth (10th) Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made. 
 (ii)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (iii)The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (iv)The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be conclusive evidence (absent manifest error) of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (v)Any Lender may request that Loans made by it to any Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if any such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 SECTION 1.k. Prepayment of Loans. 
 (i)Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Revolving Loans in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Loan Prepayment (promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars , not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Foreign Currency Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (iii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Revolving Loan or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Loan, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Loan shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Loan of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Revolving Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13(d) and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 (ii)The Company may, upon notice to the Swingline Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swingline Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time 
 45 

or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swingline Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the Swingline Lender, (A) such notice must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (B) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess hereof (or, if less, the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of principal shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 (iii)If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the Credit Exposures (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the aggregate Commitments or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the Credit Exposures (so calculated) exceeds 105 of the aggregate Commitments, the Borrowers shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the aggregate Dollar Amount of all Credit Exposures (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the aggregate Commitments. 
 (iv)On the date ninety (90) days prior to a Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date, prepayment shall be made on the Obligations, in whole, in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, unless 
 (1) such Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date is waived or extended to a later date, in either such case, by the holders of the applicable Permitted Convertible Indebtedness 
 (2) the Borrowers can demonstrate (1) Liquidity in an amount at least equal to the principal amount of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness due on such Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date and (2) compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6.11 after giving effect to such payments or satisfaction of such payment obligations and the incurrence of any additional Consolidated Total Indebtedness on a pro forma basis or 
 (iii) the requirements of this Section 2.11(d) shall be waived, extended or otherwise modified by the Required Lenders. 
 (v)All amounts required to be prepaid pursuant to Sections 2.11(d) shall be applied as follows first, ratably to the LC Disbursements and the Swingline Loans, second, to the outstanding Revolving Loans, and, third, to cash collateralize the remaining LC Exposure. 
 SECTION 1.l. Fees. 
 (i)The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount by which the aggregate Commitments exceeds the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans and (ii) the amount of LC Exposure, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.24 provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such commitment fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Credit Exposure. For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding principal amount of Swingline Loans shall not be counted towards or considered usage of the Commitments for purposes of determining the commitment fee. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that any commitment fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 
 46 

360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (ii)The Company agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans on the average daily Dollar Amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to the relevant Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the average daily Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Unless otherwise specified above, participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third (3 rd Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in such Foreign Currency. 
 (iii)The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 (iv)All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to each Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the applicable Lenders. Fees (other than fees calculated in error) paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 1.m. Interest. 
 (i)The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Loans. 
 (ii)The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans. 
 (iii)The Loans comprising each Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the Foreign Currency Term Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate for Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans. 
 (iv)The Loans comprising each Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Foreign Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans. 
 (v)Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by any Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a 
 47 

rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (vi)Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (vii)All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest (i) computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and (ii) for Borrowings denominated in British Pounds Sterling or Australian Dollars shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days, and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Foreign Currency Daily Rate, Foreign Currency Term Rate, Adjusted LIBO Rate or LIBO Rate Term SOFR, Term SOFR Screen Rate or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 1.n. Alternate Rate of Interest Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (i) If in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Loan or a conversion of ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Benchmark Replacement or Successor Rate , as applicable, for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 2.14(b) or Section 2.14(c) , as applicable, and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 2.14(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable) or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed ABR Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Foreign Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the LIBO Rate Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the utilization of the LIBO Rate Term SOFR component in determining the Alternate Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of Section 2.14(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (1) the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans, or Borrowing of, or a continuation of Foreign Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Foreign Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of ABR Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Amount specified therein and (2) any outstanding affected Foreign Currency Loans, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of ABR Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such outstanding Foreign Currency Loan immediately, in the case of a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, or (2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan provided that if no election is made by the applicable Borrower (x) in the case of a Foreign 
 48 

Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the applicable Borrower of such notice or (y) in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above . 
 (ii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, (x) for purposes of this Section 2.14(b) , the term Agreed Currency shall not include Dollars and (y) if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrowers or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrowers) that the Borrowers or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (1) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) is available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (2) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Agreed Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or 
 (3) syndicated loans currently being executed and agented in the U.S., are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency 
 or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.14(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) have occurred with respect to the Foreign Currency Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Foreign Currency Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 2.14 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks , which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Foreign Currency Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrowers unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrowers and each Lender of the implementation of any Foreign Currency Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Foreign Currency Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0 ), the Foreign Currency Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero percent (0 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Any Foreign Currency Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Foreign Currency Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time 
 49 

any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0 ), the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero percent (0 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In connection with the implementation of a Foreign Currency Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.14(c), those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Agreed Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 (iii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in in this Agreement or any other Loan Document Documents, with respect to the Relevant Rate for Dollars, if the Administrative Agent determines, or the Borrowers or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with , in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrowers) that the Borrowers or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (1) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (2) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date , as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent , in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Term SOFR Term SOFR Successor Rate ). Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Term SOFR Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0 ), the Term SOFR Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero percent (0 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrowers and each Lender of the implementation of any Term SOFR Successor Rate. 
 (i) On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight Spot Next, 1-week, 1-month, 2-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12- month U.S. dollar LIBOR tenor settings. On the earliest of (A) the date that all Available Tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative, (B) June 30, 2023 and (C) the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of 
 50 

a SOFR Early Opt-in, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 (ii) (x) Upon (A) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a determination by the Administrative Agent that neither of the alternatives under clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement are available, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Borrowers and the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (and any such objection shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) provided that solely in the event that the then-current Benchmark at the time of such Benchmark Transition Event is not a SOFR-based rate, the Benchmark Replacement therefor shall be determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Administrative Agent determines that neither of such alternative rates is available. 
 (y) On the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of an Other Rate Early Opt-in, the Benchmark Replacement will replace LIBOR for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii) At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrowers may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 
 (iv) Any Term SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Term SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement of a Term SOFR Successor Rate , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement . provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. If the Term SOFR Successor Rate for Term SOFR is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.14(c)( i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Term 
 51 

SOFR Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Term SOFR Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 2.14 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar Dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case , including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Term SOFR Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrowers unless, prior to such time , Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.14(c) , those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 (v) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.14(c), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except , in each case, as expressly required herein. 
 (vi) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBOR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (B) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 SECTION 1.o. Increased Costs. 
 (i)If any Change in Law shall 
 (1) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan, requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or any Issuing Bank 
 (2) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement, Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans or Foreign Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (3) subject any Recipient to any Taxes on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, 
 52 

interest or otherwise, then the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for any such additional cost incurred or reduction suffered in a manner consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank. 
 (ii)If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, for any such additional cost incurred or reduction suffered in a manner consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank. 
 (iii)A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay, or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate, absent manifest error, within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (iv)Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 1.p. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (b) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event . Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Foreign Currency Term Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or , in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the relevant currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurocurrency market . A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to 
 53 

receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 1.q. Taxes. (a) Withholding of Taxes Gross-Up . Each payment by or on behalf of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by any law. If any Withholding Agent determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Withholding Agent may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such withheld Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by or on behalf of such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the applicable Recipient receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made. 
 (v) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The relevant Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (vi) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (vii) Indemnification by the Borrowers . The relevant Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient for any Indemnified Taxes that are paid or payable by such Recipient in connection with any Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes that are paid or payable on amounts paid under this Section 2.17(d)) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this Section 2.17(d) shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Recipient delivers to the relevant Borrower a certificate stating the amount of any Indemnified Taxes so paid or payable by such Recipient and describing the basis for the indemnification claim. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. Such Recipient shall deliver a copy of such certificate to the Administrative Agent. 
 (viii) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for any Taxes (but, in the case of any Indemnified Taxes, only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so) attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this Section 2.17(e) shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Administrative Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of Taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. 
 (ix) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without, or at a reduced rate of, withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to any withholding (including backup withholding) or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A) through (E) below and Section 2.17(f)(iii) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such 
 54 

Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Upon the reasonable request of any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, any Lender shall update any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section 2.17(f). If any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect with respect to a Lender, such Lender shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) days after such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy) notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy and update the form or certification if it is legally eligible to do so. 
 (1) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if any Borrower is a U.S. Person, any Lender with respect to such Borrower shall, if it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies reasonably requested by such Borrower and the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party hereto, duly completed and executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable 
 (A) in the case of a Lender that is a U.S. Person, IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (1) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (2) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (C) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender for whom payments under any Loan Document constitute income that is effectively connected with such Lender s conduct of a trade or business in the United States, executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (D) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code both (1) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, and (2) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H (a U.S. Tax Certificate to the effect that such Lender is not (a) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (b) a 10 percent shareholder of such Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (c) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code 
 (E) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender that is not the beneficial owner of payments made under any Loan Document (including a partnership or a participating Lender) (1) an IRS Form W-8IMY on behalf of itself and (2) the relevant forms prescribed in clauses (A), (B), (C), and (D) of this paragraph (f)(ii) and other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable, that would be required of each such beneficial owner or partner of such partnership if such beneficial owner or partner were a Lender provided, however, that if the Lender is a partnership and one or more of its partners are claiming the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, such Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Certificate on behalf of such partners or 
 (F) to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, any other form prescribed by law as a basis for claiming exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax together with such supplementary documentation necessary to enable such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the amount of Tax (if any) required by law to be withheld. 
 55 

(2) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Withholding Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent as may be necessary for the Withholding Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA and, as necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.17(f)(iii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Effective Date. 
 (x) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including additional amounts paid pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid to such indemnified party pursuant to the previous sentence (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(g), in no event will any indemnified party be required to pay any amount to any indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 2.17(g) if such payment would place such indemnified party in a less favorable position (on a net after-Tax basis) than such indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.17(g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (xi) Issuing Bank . For purposes of Section 2.17(e) and (f), the term Lender includes the Issuing Banks. 
 SECTION 1.r. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs. 
 (i)Each Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars, 12 00 noon, New York City time and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency, 12 00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency, in each case on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or where such currency has been converted to Euro, in Euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, Texas 75082 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency, except payments to be made directly to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which 
 56 

the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or any Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrowers take all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (ii)If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied 
 (1) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and 
 (2) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (iii)If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (iv)(i) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency). 
 (ii) With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any Issuing Bank hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment 
 57 

referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent, the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or a Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (d) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (v)If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 1.s. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders. 
 (i)If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (ii)If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) any Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 SECTION 1.t. Expansion Option. The Company may from time to time elect to increase the Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental 
 58 

Facility ), in each case in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, and in increments of 5,000,000 in excess thereof, so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such Incremental Facility does not exceed 75,000,000 provided that, the Company may make a maximum of five (5) such requests. The Company may arrange for any such Incremental Facility to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender, an Increasing Lender ), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender shall be subject to the approval of the Company and the Administrative Agent and (ii) (x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Company and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Company and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the Incremental Facility) shall be required for any Incremental Facility pursuant to this Section 2.20. Incremental Facilities created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Incremental Facility shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such Incremental Facility, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Company and (B) the Company shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) with the covenants contained in Section 6.11 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date as to the corporate power and authority of the Borrowers to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such Incremental Facility. On the effective date of any Incremental Facility, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such Incremental Facility and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Loans, and (ii) except to the extent not applicable to such Incremental Facility, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Loans as of the date of any such Incremental Facility (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall, in respect of each Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loan and Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to provide an Incremental Facility at any time. In connection with any Incremental Facility pursuant to this Section 2.20, any Augmenting Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Augmenting Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 1.u. Market Disruption. Notwithstanding the satisfaction of all conditions referred to in Article II and Article IV with respect to any Credit Event to be effected in any Foreign Currency, if (i) there shall occur on or prior to the date of such Credit Event any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls which would in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank (if such Credit Event is a Letter of Credit), any Designated Lender or the Required Lenders make it impracticable for the Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowings, Foreign Currency Borrowings or Letters of Credit comprising such Credit Event to be denominated in the Agreed Currency specified by the relevant Borrower, (ii) such currency is no longer an Agreed Currency or (iii) a Dollar Amount of such currency is not readily calculable, then the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to such Borrower, the Lenders and, if such Credit Event is a Letter of Credit, the relevant Issuing Bank, and such Credit Events shall not be denominated in such Agreed Currency but shall, except as otherwise set forth in 
 59 

Section 2.07, be made on the date of such Credit Event in Dollars, (a) if such Credit Event is a Borrowing, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the aggregate principal amount specified in the related Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request, as the case may be, as ABR Loans, unless such Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent at least one Business Day before such date that (i) it elects not to borrow on such date or (ii) it elects to borrow on such date in a different Agreed Currency, as the case may be, in which the denomination of such Loans would in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders be practicable and in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the aggregate principal amount specified in the related Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request, as the case may be or (b) if such Borrowing is a Letter of Credit, in a face amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the face amount specified in the related request or application for such Letter of Credit, unless such Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent at least one Business Day before such date that (i) it elects not to request the issuance of such Letter of Credit on such date or (ii) it elects to have such Letter of Credit issued on such date in a different Agreed Currency, as the case may be, in which the denomination of such Letter of Credit would in the reasonable opinion of the relevant Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders be practicable and in face amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the face amount specified in the related request or application for such Letter of Credit, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 1.v. Judgment Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agent s main New York City office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non-appealable judgment is given. The obligations of each Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, each Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess to such Borrower. 
 SECTION 1.w. Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers. 
 (i)The Company may at any time and from time to time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), designate any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement executed by such Subsidiary and the Company and the satisfaction of the other conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.03, and upon such delivery and satisfaction such Subsidiary shall for all purposes of this Agreement be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement until the Company shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination with respect to such Subsidiary, whereupon such Subsidiary shall cease to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement provided that no Borrowing Request or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower until the date five (5) Business Days after the effective date of such Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no Borrowing Subsidiary Termination will become effective as to any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at a time when any principal of or interest on any Loan to such Borrower shall be outstanding hereunder, provided that such Borrowing Subsidiary Termination shall be effective to terminate the right of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower to make further Borrowings under 
 60 

this Agreement. As soon as practicable upon receipt of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall furnish a copy thereof to each Lender. 
 (ii)Each Subsidiary of the Company that is or becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.23 hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and agrees that (i) the Company may execute such documents on behalf of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower as the Company deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document executed on its behalf, (ii) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent or the Lender to the Company shall be deemed delivered to each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and (iii) the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, instrument or agreement executed by the Company on behalf of each of the Loan Parties. 
 SECTION 1.x. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (i)fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 (ii)any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.02 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder third, to cash collateralize the Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section fourth, as the Borrowers may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the Issuing Bank s future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by a Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto 
 (iii)the Commitment and Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any 
 61 

consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (iv)if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (1) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments 
 (2) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent, (x) first , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second , cash collateralize for the benefit of each Issuing Bank only the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (3) if the Company cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (4) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 (5) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the relevant Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all commitment fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to such Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (v) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the relevant Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in accordance with Section 2.24(c), and participating interests in any Swingline Loan and or newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.24(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the Effective Date and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Company or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 62 

In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Company, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 
 SECTION 1.y. Designated Lenders. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and each Lender at its option may make any Loan or issue any Letter of Credit, as applicable, or otherwise perform its obligations hereunder through any Lending Office (each, a Designated Lender provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay any Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Any Designated Lender shall be considered a Lender shall apply to such Affiliate or branch of such Lender to the same extent as such Lender provided that for the purposes only of voting in connection with any Loan Document, any participation by any Designated Lender in any outstanding Loan or Letter of Credit shall be deemed a participation of such Lender. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 Representations and Warranties 
 Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 SECTION 1.0a. Organization Powers Subsidiaries. Each of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required except where the failure to be so qualified, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 3.01 hereto identifies as of the Effective Date each Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, the percentage of issued and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock or other Equity Interests owned by the Company and the other Subsidiaries and, if such percentage is not 100 (excluding directors qualifying shares as required by law), a description of each class issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other Equity Interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued and outstanding and fully paid and nonassessable and all such shares and other equity interests indicated on Schedule 3.01 as owned by the Company or another Subsidiary are as of the Effective Date owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company or such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02 hereof. There are no outstanding commitments or other obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to issue, and no options, warrants or other rights of any Person to acquire, any shares of any class of capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Authorization Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Borrower s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required under applicable law, actions by equity holders. The Loan Documents to which each Borrower is a party have been duly executed and delivered by such Borrower and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts. The Transactions 
 (i)do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and 
 63 

effect, (ii) those filings and recordings in connection with Liens granted to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, and (iii) consents, approvals, registrations, filings or other actions the failure to obtain or perform could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
 (ii)will not violate (i) any applicable law or regulation except where such violation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, or (iii) any order of any Governmental Authority binding upon the Company or such Subsidiary except where such violation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
 (iii)will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material agreement or other material instrument binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, except where such violation or default could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and 
 (iv)will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change. 
 (i)The Company has heretofore furnished to the Lenders (or made available to the Lenders on the Securities and Exchange Commission s EDGAR web page) its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, audited by KPMG LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, certified by a Financial Officer. 
 Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 (ii)Since December 31, 2017, except as otherwise disclosed by the Company in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018, there has been no Material Adverse Change. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Properties. 
 (i)Each of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes. 
 (ii)Each of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Company and its Material Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters. 
 (i)There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 (ii)There are no labor controversies pending against or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) which could reasonably 
 64 

be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 (iii)Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries 
 (1) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, 
 (2) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, 
 (3) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or 
 (4) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 
 (iv)Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Compliance with Laws and Agreements No Burdensome Restrictions. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is party or subject to any law, regulation, rule or order, or any obligation under any agreement or instrument, that has a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Investment Company Status. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state income and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except 
 (i)Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or 
 (ii)to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.j. ERISA. 
 (a) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) As of the Effective Date neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries holds plan assets of any benefit plan investor (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
 SECTION 1.k. Disclosure. 
 (i)The Company has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, in each case, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other 
 65 

information so furnished) contained, when furnished, any untrue statement of a fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of such preparation. 
 (ii)The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification most recently provided to each Lender, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 SECTION 1.l. No Default. No Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 SECTION 1.m. Liens . There are no Liens on any of the real or personal properties of the Company or any Subsidiary except for Liens created by the Collateral Documents and except as otherwise permitted by Section 6.02. 
 SECTION 1.n. Contingent Obligations . Other than any liability incident to any litigation, arbitration or proceeding which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has no material contingent obligations not provided for or disclosed in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04. 
 SECTION 1.o. Regulation U. Margin stock (as defined in Regulation U) constitutes less than 25 of the value of those assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries which are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge, or other restriction hereunder. 
 SECTION 1.p. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to address compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, is not knowingly engaged in any activity that could reasonably be expected to result in such Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a Sanctioned Person. For purposes of the foregoing representation, the Company shall not be required to make any investigation into (i) the ownership of publicly traded stock or other publicly traded securities or (ii) the beneficial ownership of any collective investment fund. 
 SECTION 1.q. Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 ARTICLE 4 Conditions 
 SECTION 1.0a. Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 (i) Execution of Credit Agreement Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement, executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each Lender, (ii) for the account of each Lender requesting a Note, a Note executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrowers, and (iii) counterparts of the Subsidiary Guaranty, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Parties. 
 (ii) Legal Opinions of Counsel . The Administrative Agent shall have received favorable written opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of (i) the chief legal officer of the Loan Parties, and (ii) Jones Day, special counsel for the Loan Parties, in each case covering such matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Company hereby requests such counsels to deliver such opinions. 
 66 

(iii) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated the Effective Date, certifying as to (i) the organizational documents of each Loan Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by such Governmental Authority), (ii) the resolutions of the governing body of each Loan Party, (iii) the good standing, existence or its equivalent of each Loan Party, to the extent generally available in such jurisdiction, and (iv) the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party, all in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (iv) Reserved . 
 (v) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company as to the financial condition, solvency and related matters of the Company and its Subsidiaries, after giving effect to the initial borrowings under the Loan Documents and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (vi) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying the following (x) all of the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects and (y) no Default has occurred and is then continuing. 
 (vii) Fees and Expenses . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all fees and expenses, if any, owing pursuant to the Fee Letter and hereunder, including, to the extent invoiced three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder. 
 (viii) Existing Indebtedness of the Loan Parties . All of the existing Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and its Subsidiaries owing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be repaid in full and all security interests related thereto shall be terminated on or prior to the Effective Date. 
 (ix) Existing Letters of Credit . Any Letters of Credit listed on Schedule 6.01 issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., shall be backstopped, replaced or cash collateralized. 
 (x) No Litigation. Except for the Disclosed Matters or as otherwise disclosed by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018, there shall have been no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters). 
 (xi) Consents . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all governmental, works council and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the Loan Documents have been obtained except where the failure to have so received or obtained the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (xii) Licensing Requirements . Each of the Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Lender shall have obtained all applicable licenses, consents, permits and approvals as deemed necessary by such Lender in order to execute and perform the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents except where the failure to have so received or obtained the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided that the Company shall have the right to substitute or remove any Lender not having any such license, consent, permit and or approval in order to cause the satisfaction of this condition. 
 (xiii) KYC Information . 
 (1) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made prior to the Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have provided to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection 
 67 

with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act. 
 (2) Any Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have provided, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Borrower. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Article VIII, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Effective Date specifying its objection thereto 
 SECTION 1.0b. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan, and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (i)The representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in this Agreement (other than the representation and warranty set forth in Section 3.04(b)) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable. 
 (ii)At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit the conversion of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing into an ABR Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.08(e) or the conversion of an ABR Borrowing to a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or the continuation of a Eurocurrency Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing if no Event of Default exists. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. The designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 is subject to the condition precedent that the Company or such proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Administrative Agent 
 (i)Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary, of resolutions of its Board of Directors or other governing body as applicable (and resolutions of other bodies, if any are deemed necessary by counsel for the Administrative Agent) approving the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and any other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party and such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of such Subsidiary 
 (ii)An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signature of the officers of such Subsidiary authorized to request Borrowings hereunder and sign the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Company or such Subsidiary 
 (iii)Opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, with respect to the laws of its jurisdiction of 
 68 

organization and such other matters as are reasonably requested by counsel to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
 (iv)Any information as shall be necessary for the Lenders to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act and 
 (v)Any promissory notes requested by any Lender, and any other instruments and documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 ARTICLE 5 Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 1.0a. Financial Statements and Other Information. The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent 
 (i)as soon as practicable, and in any event no later than the earlier to occur of (x) the one-hundredth (100th) day after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, and (y) the fifth (5 th day after the date on which any of the following items are required to be delivered to the SEC, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by KPMG LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (ii)as soon as practicable, and in any event no later than the earlier to occur of (x) the fiftieth (50 th day after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, and (y) the fifth (5 th day after the date on which any of the following items are required to be delivered to the SEC, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such period or periods on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (iii)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above, a reasonably detailed business plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows) of the Company for such fiscal year 
 (iv)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations computing the Applicable Rate and demonstrating compliance with Sections 6.01(e), 6.01(f), 6.01(l), 6.04, 6.06 and 6.11, (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate, and (iv) updating Schedule 3.01 in accordance with the definitions of Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Guarantor 
 69 

(v)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their examination of such financial statements of any Default (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting rules or guidelines) 
 (vi)promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Company to its shareholders generally, as the case may be 
 (vii)promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (viii)promptly following any reasonable request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a), (b) and (f) of this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are filed for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System provided that the Company shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail and may also be included in the certificate delivered pursuant to clause (d) of this Section 5.01) the Administrative Agent of the filing of any such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every instance the Company shall be required to provide paper copies of the compliance certificates required by clause (d) of this Section 5.01 to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Notices of Material Events. The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of the following 
 (i)the occurrence of any Default 
 (ii)the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Company or any Affiliate thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (iii)the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding 5,000,000, and 
 (iv)any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Company setting forth in reasonable detail the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Existence Conduct of Business. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and business operations and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of the business of the Company and the Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Payment of Obligations. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or 
 70 

amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Company or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Maintenance of Properties Insurance. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of the business of the Company and the Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Books and Records Inspection Rights. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Compliance with Laws. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws) of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to address compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only for working capital, capital expenditures, Permitted Acquisitions, Restricted Payments and for other general corporate purposes of the Company and its Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and the Company shall have in place policies and procedures designed to address that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not knowingly use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or in a European Union member state in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts business or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Additional Subsidiary Documentation. As promptly as possible but in any event within thirty (30) days (in the case of a Domestic Subsidiary) or sixty (60) days (in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary) (or, in each case, such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after any Person becomes a Subsidiary or any Subsidiary qualifies independently as, or is designated by the Company as, a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor (including, without limitation, upon formation or designation of any Subsidiary that is a Delaware Divided LLC), the Company shall provide the Administrative Agent with written notice thereof setting forth information in reasonable detail describing the material assets of such Person and (a) shall cause each such Subsidiary which also qualifies or is designated by the Company as a Subsidiary Guarantor to deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly executed supplement to the Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to which such Subsidiary agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Subsidiary Guaranty, such supplement to be accompanied by appropriate corporate resolutions, other corporate documentation and legal opinions (unless the requirement to deliver such legal opinions is waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance in its discretion) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 71 

or (b) shall cause the pledge of such Subsidiary s Equity Interests pursuant to Section 5.10 to the extent such Subsidiary, but for its status as an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, would otherwise qualify or be designated by the Company as a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 SECTION 1.j. Pledge Agreements. The Company shall execute or cause to be executed, by no later than sixty days (or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after the date on which any First Tier Foreign Subsidiary would, but for its status as an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, qualify or be designated by the Company as a Subsidiary Guarantor, a Pledge Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations with respect to the Applicable Pledge Percentage of all of the outstanding Equity Interests of such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary provided that (x) no such pledge of the Equity Interests of a First Tier Foreign Subsidiary shall be required hereunder to the extent such pledge is prohibited by applicable law or the Administrative Agent and its counsel reasonably determine that such pledge would not provide material Collateral for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations pursuant to legally binding, valid and enforceable Pledge Agreements and (y) no such pledge of the Equity Interests of Heidrick & Struggles (UK) Limited shall be required hereunder unless and until such pledge is required by the Administrative Agent. The Company further agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent all such Pledge Agreements and other Collateral Documents, together with appropriate corporate resolutions and other documentation (including legal opinions (unless the requirement to deliver such legal opinions is waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance in its discretion), the stock certificates representing the Equity Interests subject to such pledge, stock powers with respect thereto executed in blank, and such other documents as shall be reasonably requested to perfect the Lien of such pledge) in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and in a manner that the Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied that it has a first priority perfected pledge of or charge over the Collateral related thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that no Pledge Agreement in respect of the pledge of Equity Interests of a Foreign Subsidiary shall be required until the date that is sixty (60) days following the Effective Date (or such later date as is agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 ARTICLE 6 Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 1.0a. Indebtedness. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (i)Indebtedness created hereunder and under the other Loan Documents 
 (ii)Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 (iii)Indebtedness of the Company to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Company or any other Subsidiary provided that Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Loan Party shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.04(c) 
 (iv)Guarantees by the Company of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Company or any other Subsidiary 
 (v)Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof provided that (i) 
 72 

such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e), shall not exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (vi)(i) Unsecured Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, and (ii) secured Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary, or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date that is assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition provided that, in each case, such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, or merging into the Company or a Subsidiary, and provided further that the total amount of Indebtedness permitted by clause (f)(ii) shall not exceed 35,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (vii)Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of (i) trade letters of credit, or (ii) bank guarantees granted in connection with business licenses and leases in the ordinary course of business 
 (viii)Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, performance bonds, surety, appeal or similar bonds and completion guarantees provided by the Company and the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (ix)Guarantees in the ordinary course of business by the Company or any Subsidiary of Indebtedness incurred by employees or prospective employees provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Guarantees permitted by this clause (i) shall not exceed 3,000,000 at any one time outstanding 
 (x)Indebtedness under Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.05 
 (xi)Unsecured Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in an original (or notional) aggregate principal amount not to exceed 200,000,000 (including extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof) provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately before or immediately after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, and (ii) the Company shall deliver a certificate from a Responsible Officer in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent confirming the foregoing and demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6.11 after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis and 
 (xii)Other unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 25,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Liens. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except 
 (i)Permitted Encumbrances 
 (ii)any Lien on any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.02 provided that 
 (1) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary and 
 (2) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof beyond the maximum commitments with respect thereto as in effect on the Effective Date 
 (iii)any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary, 
 73 

or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary provided that 
 (1) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming, or merging into, a Subsidiary , as the case may be, 
 (2) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary and 
 (3) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes, or merges into, a Subsidiary, as the case may be and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 (iv)Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Subsidiary provided that 
 (1) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, 
 (2) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, 
 (3) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 100 of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and 
 (4) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary 
 (v)Liens created by the Collateral Documents and 
 (vi)any Lien or right to set-off arising under articles 24 or 25 respectively of the general terms and conditions algemene voorwaarden of any member of the Dutch Bankers' Association Nederlandse Vereniging van Banken in favour of a lender or an affiliate of a lender 
 (vii)any Lien including any netting or set-off arising by operation of law as a result of the existence of a fiscal unity fiscale eenheid for Dutch tax purposes of which any Dutch Loan Party Subsidiary is or has been a member and 
 (viii)Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02 so long as the aggregate principal amount of the obligations secured thereby subject to such Liens does not exceed 15,000,000. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Fundamental Changes. 
 (i)The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or any substantial part of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) (including, in each case any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (1) any Subsidiary may merge into the Company in a transaction in which the Company is the surviving corporation, 
 (2) any Subsidiary, or branch of the Company or a Subsidiary, may merge into, consolidate with, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) (including, in each case any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division) all or any substantial part of its assets, or all or 
 74 

substantially all of the Equity Interests to, any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, 
 (3) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose (including, in each case any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division) of its assets to the Company or to another Subsidiary and 
 (4) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Company determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Company and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders provided that any merger involving a Person that is not a Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 6.04. 
 (ii)The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries on the date of execution of this Agreement and businesses reasonably related or strategically aligned thereto. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger or consolidation with any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger or consolidation) any capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any Person or any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit, except 
 (i)(i) Permitted Investments and (ii) so long as the aggregate outstanding amount thereof does not exceed 40,000,000 at any time, Permitted Two-Year Investments 
 (ii)loans, advances or investments existing on the Effective Date and listed on Schedule 6.04 
 (iii)loans, advances or capital contributions made by the Company in or to any Subsidiary and made by any Subsidiary in or to the Company or any other Subsidiary, provided that, unless constituting Permitted Foreign Reorganization Transfers, not more than 30,000,000 in loans, advances or capital contributions that are made by the Company or any Subsidiary Loan Party to a Person which is not a Subsidiary Loan Party may be outstanding at any time 
 (iv)Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 
 (v)investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (vi)Permitted Acquisitions 
 (vii)Guarantees by the Company and any Subsidiary of leases entered into in the ordinary course of business by any Subsidiary as lessee 
 (viii)extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable in the ordinary course of business 
 (ix)investments in payroll, travel, relocation and similar advances to employees and prospective employees to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business 
 75 

(x)investments in or acquisitions of stock, obligations or securities received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Company or any Subsidiary or in satisfaction of judgments 
 (xi)investments in equity securities and rights to acquire equity securities acquired as part of fees charged to clients or otherwise in connection with the performance of services by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (xii)warrants, options and Equity Interests received by the Company or any Subsidiary as full or partial compensation for services rendered by the Company or any Subsidiary, all in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
 (xiii)deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business and Cash Pooling Arrangements 
 (xiv)subject to the provisions of this Section 6.04(n), the Company may make investments in joint ventures, so long as (i) at the time of each such proposed investment no Event of Default has then occurred or is continuing or would arise after giving effect thereto, (ii) after giving pro forma effect to any such investment, the Company would be in compliance with Section 6.11, (iii) at any time when the Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such investment) no such investments shall be permitted pursuant to this Section 6.04(n), (iv) at any time when the Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 1.75 to 1.00 but less than 2.50 to 1.00 (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such investment) the aggregate amount of cash consideration for any investment made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n), when added to the aggregate amount of such cash consideration for all other investments made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n) in the same calendar year as the calendar year in which such investment occurs, shall not exceed 50,000,000, (v) at any time when the Leverage Ratio is less than 1.75 to 1.00 (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such investment) the aggregate amount of cash consideration for any investment made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n), when added to the aggregate amount of such cash consideration for all other investments made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n) in the same calendar year as the calendar year in which such investment occurs, shall not exceed 100,000,000 and (vi) Availability shall not be less than 25,000,000 after giving effect to any such investment and 
 (xv)investments under (i) Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.05, and (ii) Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions entered into in connection with Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and the performance of its obligations thereunder and 
 (xvi)other investments by the Company in an aggregate amount not exceeding 15,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this section, the amount of any investment at any time shall be the amount actually invested (measured at the time made), without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such investment, less any returns to the Company or Subsidiary, as applicable, in respect of such investment provided that the aggregate amount of such returns shall not exceed the original amount of such investment. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Swap Agreements. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate commercial (or operational) risks of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than risks in respect of Equity Interests or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into with respect to foreign currency transactions or in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment, or anticipated interest-bearing liability or investment, of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Restricted Payments. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except 
 76 

(i)the Company may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, 
 (ii)Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to their Equity Interests, 
 (iii)the Company may make payments in respect of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including for the avoidance of doubt Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions related thereto) 
 (iv)for so long as the Company files a consolidated, combined or unitary income Tax return with its Subsidiaries, such Subsidiaries may make distributions to the Company to allow the Company to pay all federal, state and local income Taxes and franchise Taxes of Borrower and 
 (v)so long as (i) no Event of Default has then occurred or is continuing or would arise after giving effect thereto and (ii) Availability shall not be less than 25,000,000 after giving effect thereto, the Company may make Restricted Payments to the extent the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payments does not exceed 75,000,000 in any period of twelve consecutive months provided that the Company may make Restricted Payments in excess of 75,000,000, but not to exceed 100,000,000 in any period of twelve consecutive months, if after giving pro forma effect to any such Restricted Payment, the Leverage Ratio would not exceed 1.75 to 1.00. As used herein, Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate Commitments then in effect minus the aggregate Credit Exposures of all Lenders at such time. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above or elsewhere contained herein, the entry into (including any payments of premiums in connection therewith), performance of obligations under (including any payments of interest), and conversion, exercise, repurchase, redemption, settlement or early termination or cancellation of (whether in whole or in part and including by netting or set-off) (in each case, whether in cash, common or other securities or property), any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and any Permitted Warrant Transactions are not prohibited, limited or constrained hereunder. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Transactions with Affiliates. The Company will not, and will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except 
 (i)in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not materially less favorable to the Company or such Material Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, 
 (ii)transactions (i) between or among the Company and Subsidiary Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate or (ii) between or among Subsidiaries (none of whom are Subsidiary Loan Parties), 
 (iii)any Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01, 
 (iv)any transfer or other disposition permitted by Section 6.03, 
 (v)any investment permitted by Section 6.04, and 
 (vi)any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.06. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Restrictive Agreements. The Company will not, and will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon 
 77 

(i)the ability of the Company or any Material Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or 
 (ii)the ability of any Material Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Company or any Material Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Company or any Material Subsidiary provided that 
 (1) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement, 
 (2) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the Effective Date identified on Schedule 6.08 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition (other than in connection with the extension of the maturity of any underlying Indebtedness which is otherwise permitted hereunder)), 
 (3) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or an asset pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary or the asset that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, 
 (4) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, 
 (5) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof, and 
 (6) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in joint venture agreements executed in connection with investments permitted under Section 6.04. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Changes in Fiscal Year. The Company will not, and will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year from its present basis provided that any Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition may change its fiscal year to the fiscal year basis employed by the Company within one (1) year following such Permitted Acquisition so long as the Company delivers at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such change to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.j. Subordinated Indebtedness. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to enter into any amendment to any indenture, note or other agreement evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, or directly or indirectly voluntarily prepay, decrease or in substance decrease, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each case, in a manner prohibited by the subordination agreement applicable thereto. 
 SECTION 1.k. Financial Covenants. 
 SECTION 1.1.a. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the ratio (the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio ), determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after December 31, 2018 for the period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, of (i) Consolidated EBITDA minus Consolidated Capital Expenditures to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense plus or minus the non-cash components of Consolidated Interest Expense, such as non-cash interest expense relating to Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, to be less than 3.50 to 1.00. 
 SECTION 1.1.b. Leverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the ratio (the Leverage Ratio ), determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after 
 78 

December 31, 2018, of (i) Consolidated Total Indebtedness to (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, to be greater than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 ARTICLE 7 Events of Default 
 If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (i)any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (ii)any Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days 
 (iii)any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made 
 (iv)(i) any Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 5.01, 5.02, 5.03 (with respect to any Borrower s existence), 5.08, 5.09 or 5.10, in Article VI or in Article X, or (ii) any Loan Document shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect or is declared to be null and void, or the Company or any Subsidiary takes any action for the purpose of terminating, repudiating or rescinding any Loan Document or any of its obligations thereunder 
 (v)any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article or any other Loan Document), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) 
 (vi)the Company or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable 
 (vii)other than with respect to conversion of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any event or condition which occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness of the Company or any Material Subsidiary becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness 
 (viii)an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Company or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall 
 79 

continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 (ix)the Company or any Material Subsidiary shall 
 (1) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, 
 (2) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, 
 (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, 
 (4) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, 
 (5) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or 
 (6) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (x)the Company or any Material Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (xi)any Dutch Borrower or any other Dutch Subsidiary files a notice under Section 36 of the Dutch Tax Collection Act Invorderingswet 1990 or Section 60 of the Social Insurance Financing Act of the Netherlands Wet Financiering Sociale Verzekeringen in conjunction with Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act Invorderingswet 1990 
 (xii)one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) in excess of 20,000,000 shall be rendered against the Company or Material Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Company or such Material Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment 
 (xiii)an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, both (i) has an aggregate unreserved cost to the Company in excess of 20,000,000 and (ii) could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (xiv)a Change in Control shall occur 
 (xv)any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or the Company or any Subsidiary shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms) or 
 (xvi)any Collateral Document, once executed, shall for any reason fail to create a valid and perfected first priority security interest in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, or any action shall be taken by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Subsidiary to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any Collateral Document 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative 
 80 

Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times 
 (1) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and 
 (2) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers and in case of any event with respect to any Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity. 
 Any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, such funds shall be applied ratably first , to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements including amounts then due to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks from any Borrower, second , to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from any Borrower, third , to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans ratably, fourth , to prepay principal on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and any other amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations and Swap Obligations ratably, fifth , to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred five percent (105 of the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and the aggregate amount of any unpaid LC Disbursements, to be held as cash collateral for such Obligations, sixth , to the payment of any other Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by any Borrower, and thereafter, to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Obligations. 
 ARTICLE 8 The Administrative Agent 
 Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and neither the Borrowers nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 
 81 

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (i)the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, 
 (ii)the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under the Bankruptcy Code or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of the Bankruptcy Code, and 
 (iii)except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into 
 (1) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, 
 (2) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, 
 (3) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, 
 (4) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, 
 (5) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, or 
 (6) the creation, perfection or priority of any of the Liens on any of the Collateral or the existence of the Collateral. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or 
 82 

satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Effective Date specifying its objections. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Banks and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the written consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default exists (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by any Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as (and without duplication of) those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between such Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of Issuing Banks under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Banks, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and letters of credit and not investments in a business enterprise or securities. Each Lender further represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder. Each Lender shall, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Company and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and in deciding whether or to the extent to which it will continue as a lender or assign or otherwise transfer its rights, interests and obligations hereunder. 
 Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents to which the Administrative Agent is from time to time a party and to take all action 
 83 

contemplated by such documents. Each Lender agrees that no Holder of Secured Obligations (other than the Administrative Agent) shall have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. 
 In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Holders of Secured Obligations any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Holders of Secured Obligations. 
 The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Administrative Agent upon any Collateral (i) as described in Section 9.02(d) (ii) as permitted by, but only in accordance with, the terms of the applicable Loan Document or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, unless such release is required to be approved by all of the Lenders hereunder. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall, and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, to promptly release any Subsidiary Guarantor which becomes an Affected Foreign Subsidiary from the Subsidiary Guaranty provided that (i) nothing contained in this sentence shall relieve the Company or any Subsidiary from its obligations under Sections 5.09 or 5.10 and (ii) the Company and each applicable Subsidiary shall comply with Section 5.10. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant hereto. 
 Upon any sale or transfer of assets constituting Collateral which is expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document, or consented to in writing by the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as applicable, and upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written request by the Company to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations herein or pursuant hereto upon the Collateral that was sold or transferred provided, however, that (i) the Administrative Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Administrative Agent s opinion, would expose the Administrative Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Secured Obligations or any Liens upon (or obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of) all interests retained by the Company or any Subsidiary, including (without limitation) the proceeds of the sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. 
 None of the Lenders, if any, identified in this Agreement as an arranger, Syndication Agent or Documentation Agent shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the relevant Lenders in their capacity as an arranger, Syndication Agent or Documentation Agent, as applicable, as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in the preceding paragraph. 
 The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. The Administrative Agent shall have the exclusive right on behalf of the Lenders to enforce the payment of the principal of and interest on any Loan after the date such principal or interest has become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 Each Borrower, on its behalf and on behalf of its Subsidiaries, and each Lender, on its behalf and on the behalf of its affiliated Holders of Secured Obligations, hereby irrevocably constitute the Administrative Agent as the holder of an irrevocable power of attorney fond de pouvoir within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Qu bec) in order to hold hypothecs and security granted by each Borrower or any Subsidiary on property pursuant to the laws of the Province of Qu bec to secure obligations of any Borrower or any Subsidiary under any bond, debenture or similar title of indebtedness 
 84 

issued by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with this Agreement, and agree that the Administrative Agent may act as the bondholder and mandatary with respect to any bond, debenture or similar title of indebtedness that may be issued by any Borrower or any Subsidiary and pledged in favor of the Holders of Secured Obligations in connection with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 32 of the An Act respecting the special powers of legal persons (Qu bec), Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent may acquire and be the holder of any bond issued by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with this Agreement (i.e., the fond de pouvoir may acquire and hold the first bond issued under any deed of hypothec by any Borrower or any Subsidiary). 
 The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to execute and deliver any documents necessary or appropriate to create and perfect the rights of pledge for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations including a right of pledge with respect to the entitlements to profits, the balance left after winding up and the voting rights of the Company as ultimate parent of any subsidiary of the Company which is organized under the laws of the Netherlands and the Equity Interests of which are pledged in connection herewith (a Dutch Pledge ). Without prejudice to the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree with the creation of parallel debt obligations of the Company or any relevant Subsidiary as will be described in any Dutch Pledge (the Parallel Debt ), including that any payment received by the Administrative Agent in respect of the Parallel Debt will - conditionally upon such payment not subsequently being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, preference, liquidation or similar laws of general application - be deemed a satisfaction of a pro rata portion of the corresponding amounts of the Secured Obligations, and any payment to the Holders of Secured Obligations in satisfaction of the Secured Obligations shall - conditionally upon such payment not subsequently being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, preference, liquidation or similar laws of general application - be deemed as satisfaction of the corresponding amount of the Parallel Debt. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, for purposes of a Dutch Pledge, any resignation by the Administrative Agent is not effective until its rights under the Parallel Debt are assigned to the successor Administrative Agent. 
 The parties hereto acknowledge and agree for the purposes of taking and ensuring the continuing validity of German law governed pledges Pfandrechte with the creation of parallel debt obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as will be further described in a separate German law governed parallel debt undertaking. The Administrative Agent shall (i) hold such parallel debt undertaking as fiduciary agent Treuh nder and (ii) administer and hold as fiduciary agent Treuh nder any pledge created under a German law governed Collateral Document which is created in favor of any Holder of Secured Obligations or transferred to any Holder of Secured Obligations due to its accessory nature Akzessoriet t ), in each case of (i) and (ii) in its own name and for the account of the Holders of Secured Obligations. Each Lender (on behalf of itself and its affiliated Holders of Secured Obligations) hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter as its agent Vertreter in its name and on its behalf into any German law governed Collateral Document, accept as its agent in its name and on its behalf any pledge or other creation of any accessory security right in relation to this Agreement and to agree to and execute on its behalf as its representative in its name and on its behalf any amendments, supplements and other alterations to any such Collateral Document and to release on behalf of any such Lender or Holder of Secured Obligations any such Collateral Document and any pledge created under any such Collateral Document in accordance with the provisions herein and or the provisions in any such Collateral Document. 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its respective Affiliates, and for the benefit of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset 
 85 

managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Agent Parties shall be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions of this Agreement relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (i) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or prospective Lender is a Disqualified Institution or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. 
 
 Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 
 86 

ARTICLE 9 Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 1.0a. Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy or email in accordance with this Section 9.01, as follows 
 (1) if to any Borrower, to it at Willis Tower Suite 4900, 233 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention of the Treasurer, Email address mresac heidrick.com, with copies (in the case of a notice of Default) to the Attention of General Counsel, Email address Kcoar heidrick.com and to Jones Day, 77 West Wacker, Chicago, Illinois 60601, Attention of Margaret M. Seurynck, Telecopy (312) 782-8585, Email address mseurynck jonesday.com 
 (2) if to the Administrative Agent, (A) Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Anthony Kell, Telecopy No. (214) 290-9422, Email address anthony.w.kell baml.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) Sidley Austin LLP, One South Dearborn St., Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention of James A. Snyder, Telecopy No. (312) 853-7036, Email address james.snyder sidley.com, (B) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars, to Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com and (C) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Foreign Currencies, to Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com 
 (3) if to Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, to it at Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com 
 (4) if to the Swingline Lender, to Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com and 
 (5) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address (or telecopy number or e-mail address) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by telecopy shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Electronic Systems, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (i)Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed to have been received upon the sender s 
 87 

receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed to have been received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient and provided , however, that for clause (i) above, such email notice shall not be considered to have been given if the sender receives a rejection or bounceback notice. 
 (ii)Any party hereto may change its address, email address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 (iii) Electronic Systems . 
 (1) The Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. 
 (2) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Communications through an Electronic System unless such damages are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Waivers Amendments. 
 (i)No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 88 

(ii)Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall 
 (1) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, 
 (2) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except that any amendment or modification of the financial covenants in this Agreement (or defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement) shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), 
 (3) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, 
 (4) change Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, 
 (5) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.24 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks), 
 (6) other than pursuant to a transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including actions by the Company as part of its tax planning which cause a Subsidiary Guarantor to become an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, to the extent such actions are expressly permitted by the Loan Documents), release all or substantially all of (A) the Collateral which is subject to the Loan Documents or (B) the Subsidiary Guarantors from their obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty, 
 (7) release the Company from its obligations under Article X or 
 (8) change the definition of Agreed Currencies , Agreed LC Currencies , Agreed Loan Currencies or Eligible Foreign Subsidiary . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 (iii)Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (x) to add one or more credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders. 
 89 

(iv)The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of all the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Obligations, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Company certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), or (iii) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII. Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. 
 (v)If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Company may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) each Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by such Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. 
 (vi)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrowers only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, as to any amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification otherwise approved in accordance with this Section, it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent or approval of any Lender that, upon giving effect to such amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification, would have no Commitment or outstanding Loans so long as such Lender receives payment in full of the principal of and interest accrued on each Loan made by, and all other amounts owing to, such Lender or accrued for the account of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents at the time such amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification becomes effective. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 (i)The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one U.S. counsel and one local counsel in each applicable foreign jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks or Syndtrak) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Banks in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, (x) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, 
 90 

or (y) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (ii)The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, each arranger and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (i) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (ii) arise out of or result from claims of one or more Indemnitees against another Indemnitee and not involving any act or omission by the Company, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any of the foregoing s officers, directors or employees (other than any claim against an Indemnitee solely in its capacity as an arranger, Administrative Agent or similar role in connection with the Loan Documents or any related transactions contemplated hereby or intended use of the proceeds from any Credit Event). This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (iii)To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, any arranger or any Issuing Bank under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, and each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Company s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof) provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank in its capacity as such. 
 (iv)To the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), unless such damages are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct, and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (v)All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly not later than fifteen days after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Successors and Assigns. 
 91 

(1) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (2) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of 
 (A) the Company (provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof) provided , further , that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee 
 (B) the Administrative Agent 
 (C) the Swingline Lender and 
 (D) the Issuing Banks 
 (1) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Commitments or Loans 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders 
 92 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws and 
 (E) any assignment or transfer to or assumption by any Person of all or a portion of a Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments or Loans) with respect to a Dutch Borrower shall only be permitted if such Person is a Dutch Non-Public Lender. 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, (d) a Disqualified Institution or (e) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof. 
 (2) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (3) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of each Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. This Section 9.04(b) shall be construed so that the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 165(j), 871(h)(2), 881(c)(2) and 4701 of the Code and within the meaning of Sections 5f.103-1(c) and 1.871-14(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. 
 (4) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the 
 93 

assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e) or 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (D) the Borrowers shall have no obligation to directly or indirectly deal with the Participant. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. This Section 9.05(c) shall be construed so that the Participations or other obligations under the Loan Documents are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 165(j), 871(h)(2), 881(c)(2) and 4701 of the Code and within the meaning of Sections 5f.103-1(c) and 1.871-14(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 
 94 

shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (e) Disqualified Institutions . 
 (i) No assignment shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified Institution as of the date (the Trade Date on which the applicable Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Company has consented to such assignment as otherwise contemplated by this Section 9.04, in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Institution for the purpose of such assignment). Any assignment in violation of this clause (e)(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (e) shall apply. 
 (ii) If any assignment is made to any Disqualified Institution without the Company s prior consent in violation of clause (i) above, the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Disqualified Institution and repay all obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Disqualified Institution in connection with such Commitment, and or (B) require such Disqualified Institution to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.04), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement and related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Institution paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and other the other Loan Documents provided that (i) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in 9.04(b)(ii)(C) and (ii) such assignment does not conflict with applicable laws. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Institutions (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Institution will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Institutions consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to insolvency or bankruptcy proceed Plan of Reorganization ), each Disqualified Institution party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Plan of Reorganization, (2) if such Disqualified Institution does vote on such Plan of Reorganization notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such Plan of Reorganization in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Company hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to (A) post the list of Disqualified Institutions provided by the Company (collectively, the DQ List on the Platform, including that portion of the Platform that is designated for public side Lenders or (B) provide the DQ List to each Lender requesting the same. 
 95 

SECTION 1.0e. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor against any of and all of the Secured Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process. 
 (i)This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (ii)Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County, Borough of Manhattan and of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (iii)Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of 
 96 

venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (iv)Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably designates and appoints the Company, as its authorized agent, to accept and acknowledge on its behalf, service of any and all process which may be served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City. The Company hereby represents, warrants and confirms that the Company has agreed to accept such appointment (and any similar appointment by a Subsidiary Guarantor which is a Foreign Subsidiary). Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable by each such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower until all Loans, all reimbursement obligations, interest thereon and all other amounts payable by such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof and such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have been terminated as a Borrower hereunder pursuant to Section 2.23. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City by service of process upon the Company as provided in this Section 9.09(d) provided that, to the extent lawful and possible, notice of said service upon such agent shall be mailed by registered or certified air mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Company and (if applicable to) such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at its address set forth in the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement to which it is a party or to any other address of which such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have given written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy thereof to the Company). Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claim of error by reason of any such service in such manner and agrees that such service shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be taken and held to be valid and personal service upon and personal delivery to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. To the extent any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether from service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, execution or otherwise), each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the Loan Documents. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 1.j. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT , ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 1.k. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.l. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority 
 97 

(including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (1) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (2) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company relating to the Company or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE COMPANY OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE COMPANY AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. 
 
 Each Loan Party and Affiliates thereof agree that they will not in the future issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, unless (and only to the extent that) such Loan Party or such Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event the Loan Parties or such Affiliate will consult with such Person to the extent practicable before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. 
 98 

The Loan Parties consent to the publication by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of the Loan Parties. 
 
 SECTION 1.m. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 1.n. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 1.o. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 (i)A Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii)Further, the Administrative Agent may (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to), upon the request of the Company, release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Subsidiary Guarantor no longer qualifies as (or would be designated as) a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (iii)At such time as the principal and interest on the Loans, all LC Disbursements, the fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents and the other Secured Obligations (other than Swap Obligations, Banking Services Obligations, and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) shall have been paid in full, the Commitments shall have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding, the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 
 SECTION 1.p. Attorney Representation. If a Dutch Borrower is represented by an attorney in connection with the signing and or execution of the Agreement and or any other Loan Document it is hereby expressly acknowledged and accepted by the parties to the Agreement and or any other Loan Document that the existence and extent of the attorney s authority and the effects of the attorney s exercise or purported exercise of his or her authority shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands. 
 SECTION 1.q. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 
 99 

Solely to the extent any Lender or Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 SECTION 1.r. Electronic Execution. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank nor Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and or Swingline Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or any Lender Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank nor Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s, Issuing Bank s or Swingline Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). 
 100 

The Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 SECTION 1.s. Payments Set Aside. 
 To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and Issuing Bank severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate (in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment), as applicable, from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and Issuing Banks under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 1.t. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Support QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Agreement or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (i)In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 101 

Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (ii)As used in this Section 9.20 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 ARTICLE 10 Cross-Guarantee 
 In order to induce the Lenders to extend credit to the other Borrowers hereunder, but subject to the penultimate sentence of this Article X , each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the payment when and as due of the Secured Obligations. Each Borrower further agrees that the due and punctual payment of such Secured Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any such extension or renewal of any such Secured Obligation. 
 Each Borrower waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to any Borrower of any of the Secured Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of each Borrower hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Borrower under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise (b) any extension or renewal of any of the Secured Obligations (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or release from, any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, or any other Loan Document or agreement (d) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations (e) the failure of the Administrative Agent to take any steps to perfect and maintain any security interest in, or to preserve any rights to, any security or collateral for the Secured Obligations, if any (f) any change in the corporate, partnership or other existence, structure or ownership of any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Secured Obligations (g) the enforceability or validity of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Secured Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Secured Obligations, for any reason related to this Agreement, any Swap Agreement, any Banking Services Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Borrower or any other guarantor of the Secured Obligations, of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Secured Obligations or (h) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Borrower or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of such Borrower to subrogation. 
 Each Borrower further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Secured Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing 
 102 

Bank or any Lender to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in favor of any Borrower or any other Person. 
 The obligations of each Borrower hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Secured Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise. 
 Each Borrower further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and irrevocable guarantee of all Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Secured Obligation (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a holder of Secured Obligations in its discretion). 
 In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have at law or in equity against any Borrower by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any other Borrower to pay any Secured Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, each Borrower hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the Secured Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Each Borrower further agrees that if payment in respect of any Secured Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other Eurocurrency Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Secured Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in any material respect, then, at the election of the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall make payment of such Secured Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Equivalent Amount in effect on the date of payment) and or in New York, Chicago or such other Eurocurrency Payment Office as is designated by the Administrative Agent and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 
 Upon payment by any Borrower of any sums as provided above, all rights of such Borrower against any Borrower arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations owed by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders. 
 Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of any Borrower hereunder except the full performance and payment in cash of the Secured Obligations. 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article X to the contrary, no Foreign Subsidiary Borrower which is and remains an Affected Foreign Subsidiary shall be liable hereunder for any of the Loans made to, or any other Secured Obligation incurred solely by or on behalf of, the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor which is a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 The Company hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each Subsidiary Guarantor to honor all of its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty in respect of Specified Swap Obligations (provided, however, that the Company shall only be liable under this paragraph for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this paragraph or otherwise under this Article X voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The Company intends that this paragraph constitute, and this paragraph shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each Subsidiary Guarantor for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 103 

Remainder of Page is Intentionally Blank 
 104 

EXHIBIT B-1 
 
 FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 
 
 TO Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 RE Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement), among Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 
 DATE Date 

The undersigned hereby requests (select one) 
 
 A Borrowing of Revolving Loans 
 
 Conversion of ABR Loans Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans 
 
 Continuation of Revolving Loans 
 --- 
 
 1. On (the Credit Extension Date ). 
 
 2. In the outstanding 1 principal amount of in the following currency _______ . 
 
 3. Comprised of or converted to ABR Loans 
 Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans 
 
 4. For Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one three six twelve 2 months. 
 
 5. Borrower HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Heidrick & Struggles B.V. 
 ___________________________________, a ___________________ 
 
 6. Borrower Account Information 
 
 Bank ABA No. Account Name Account No. Ref. 

1 To be included for conversions or continuations. 
 2 Requires consent of each Lender. 
 
 CH 2065118.12 

The Borrowing requested herein complies with the clauses (i) and (ii) of the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Company hereby represents and warrants that the conditions specified in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement shall be satisfied on and as of the date of the Credit Extension Date. 
 
 Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this notice by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this notice. 
 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 CH 2065118.12 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 - 1 - 

EXHIBIT B-3 
 NOTICE OF LOAN PREPAYMENT 
 TO Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Swingline Lender 
 
 RE Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement), among Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 
 DATE Date 

The Company hereby notifies the Administrative Agent that on _____________ 3 pursuant to the terms of Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement, the Company intends to prepay repay the following Loans as more specifically set forth below 
 
 Optional prepayment of Revolving Loans in the following principal amount(s) 
 
 ABR Loans 
 
 Eurocurrency Term SOFR Loans 
 In the following Agreed Currency 
 Applicable Interest Period 
 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans 
 In the following Agreed Currency 
 Applicable Interest Period 
 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans 
 In the following Agreed Currency British Pounds Sterling 

Optional prepayment of Swingline Loans in the following amount 

This notice of prepayment is delivered in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.09 of the Credit Agreement and is to be deemed revoked immediately upon revocation of such notice of termination. 
 
 Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this notice by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this notice. 
 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 3 Specify date of such prepayment. 
 - 1 - 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT A-2 

Published CUSIP Number 42281YAF4 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 October 26, 2018 as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 13, 2021 and the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 
 among 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 The Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers Party Hereto 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 TRUIST BANK, as Syndication Agent 
 and 
 HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agent 
 ___________________________ BOFA SECURITIES, INC. 
 and 
 TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., 
 as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 1 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 
 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 31 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 
 31 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations 
 32 
 SECTION 1.05. Status of Obligations 
 34 
 SECTION 1.06. Interest Rates 
 34 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 34 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments 
 34 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 
 34 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 
 35 
 SECTION 2.04. Intentionally Omitted 
 36 
 SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 
 36 
 SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 
 39 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 
 43 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 
 44 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 
 46 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 
 46 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 
 47 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees 
 48 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest 
 49 
 SECTION 2.14. Inability to Determine Rates 
 50 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 
 53 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 
 54 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes 
 55 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 
 58 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 60 
 SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option 
 60 
 SECTION 2.21. Market Disruption 
 61 
 SECTION 2.22. Judgment Currency 
 62 
 SECTION 2.23. Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers 
 62 
 SECTION 2.24. Defaulting Lenders 
 63 
 SECTION 2.25. Designated Lenders 
 65 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 65 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers Subsidiaries 
 65 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 
 66 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 
 66 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 
 66 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties 
 67 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters 
 67 
 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements No Burdensome Restrictions 
 67 
 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 
 68 

SECTION 3.09. Taxes 
 68 
 SECTION 3.10. ERISA 
 68 
 SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 
 68 
 SECTION 3.12. No Default 
 68 
 SECTION 3.13. Liens 
 68 
 SECTION 3.14. Contingent Obligations 
 69 
 SECTION 3.15. Regulation U 
 69 
 SECTION 3.16. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 69 
 SECTION 3.17. Affected Financial Institutions 
 69 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 69 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 
 69 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 
 71 
 SECTION 4.03. Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 
 71 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 72 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 
 72 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 
 73 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 
 74 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 
 74 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance 
 74 
 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights 
 74 
 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws 
 74 
 SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 
 74 
 SECTION 5.09. Additional Subsidiary Documentation 
 75 
 SECTION 5.10. Pledge Agreements 
 75 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 76 
 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 
 76 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens 
 77 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 
 78 
 SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 
 79 
 SECTION 6.05. Swap Agreements 
 80 
 SECTION 6.06. Restricted Payments 
 81 
 SECTION 6.07. Transactions with Affiliates 
 81 
 SECTION 6.08. Restrictive Agreements 
 82 
 SECTION 6.09. Changes in Fiscal Year 
 82 
 SECTION 6.10. Subordinated Indebtedness 
 82 
 SECTION 6.11. Financial Covenants 
 83 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 83 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 86 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 92 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices 
 92 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 
 94 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 
 96 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 
 97 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 
 102 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 
 102 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 
 102 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 
 102 
 
 - ii - 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 
 102 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 104 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings 
 104 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 
 104 
 SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation 
 105 
 SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act 
 105 
 SECTION 9.15. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors 
 106 
 SECTION 9.16. Attorney Representation 
 106 
 SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 
 106 
 SECTION 9.18. Electronic Execution 
 107 
 SECTION 9.19. Payments Set Aside 
 108 
 SECTION 9.20. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Support QFCs. 
 108 
 ARTICLE X Cross-Guarantee 
 109 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 2.01 -- Commitments Schedule 2.06 -- Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 3.01 -- Subsidiaries Schedule 3.06 -- Disclosed Matters Schedule 6.01 -- Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 -- Existing Liens Schedule 6.04 -- Existing Investments Schedule 6.08 -- Existing Restrictions EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A -- Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B-1 -- Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit B-2 -- Form of Swingline Loan Request Exhibit B-3 -- Form of Notice of Prepayment Exhibit C -- Form of Increasing Lender Supplement Exhibit D -- Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement Exhibit E -- Form of Subsidiary Guaranty Exhibit F -- Intentionally Omitted Exhibit G-1 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement Exhibit G-2 -- Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Termination Exhibit H-1 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit H-2 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships) Exhibit H-3 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships) Exhibit H-4 -- Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships) 
 - iii - 

- iv - 

CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of October 26, 2018, as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 13, 2021, among HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC., the FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS from time to time party hereto, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, TRUIST BANK, as Syndication Agent and HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agent. 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties (as hereinafter defined) have requested that the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks make loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount of up to 200,000,000. 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks have agreed to make such loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE 1 Definitions 
 SECTION 1.0a. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to a Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Foreign Subsidiary is defined in the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 
 Agreed Currencies means (a) with respect to Revolving Loans, Agreed Loan Currencies, and (b) with respect to Letters of Credit, Agreed LC Currencies. 
 Agreed LC Currencies means (a) the currencies described in clause (a) of the definition of Agreed Currencies, (b) Swiss Francs, (c) Singapore Dollars and (d) any other currency that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 Agreed Loan Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) Euro, (iii) British Pounds Sterling, (iv) Australian Dollars and (v) any other currency (x) that is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (y) that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 
 1 

of 1 and (c) Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period in Dollars on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 , provided that Term SOFR for any day shall be based on Term SOFR at approximately 11 00 a.m. Local Time on such day, subject to the interest rate floors set forth therein. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR, respectively. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Authority means with respect to any Foreign Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Foreign Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, with respect to Loans, Swingline Loans or LC Exposure, the percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Commitment and the denominator of which is the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders (if the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments) provided that in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, any such Defaulting Lender s Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculation. 
 Applicable Pledge Percentage means a 65 pledge by the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary of its Equity Interests in an Affected Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or Term SOFR Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread , Term SOFR and Foreign Currency Spread , or Commitment Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Leverage Ratio for the then most recently completed four fiscal quarter period as reflected in the then most recently delivered Financials but subject to the following 
 2 

Category Leverage Ratio ABR Spread Term SOFR and Foreign Currency Spread Commitment Fee Rate 
 1 Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 2.50 1.00 0.75 1.75 0.25 
 2 Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00 but less than 2.50 1.00 0.50 1.50 0.20 
 3 Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 1.00 1.00 but less than 1.75 1.00 0.25 1.25 0.20 
 4 Leverage Ratio is less than 1.00 1.00 0.00 1.00 0.15 

For purposes of the foregoing, 
 (1) if the Company fails to deliver the Financials to the Administrative Agent at the time required pursuant to Section 5.01, then Category 1 above shall be deemed to be applicable until the first Business Day of the calendar month immediately following the date on which such Financials are so received by the Administrative Agent 
 (2) adjustments, if any, to the Applicable Rate shall be effective on the first Business Day of the calendar month immediately following the date on which the Administrative Agent has received the applicable Financials 
 (3) each determination of the Applicable Rate made by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the foregoing shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and each Lender (absent manifest error) and 
 (4) notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, from the Effective Date to but not including the fifth (5th) Business Day following receipt of the Company s financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2018, Category 4 above shall be deemed applicable. 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 AUD Rate means, for any Loans denominated in Australian Dollars, the AUD Screen Rate. 
 3 

AUD Screen Rate means, denominated in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid Rate BBSY ), or a comparable or successor rate which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at or about 10 30 a.m. (Melbourne, Australia time) on the Quotation Day with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. 
 Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Australian Dollars means the lawful currency of Australia. 
 Availability has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.06. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Termination Date and the date of termination of the Commitments pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Company or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 
 Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 4 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Borrower means the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date to the same Borrower and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, in the same Agreed Currency and as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, pursuant to Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of a Borrower. 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement means a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 . 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Termination means a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 . 
 British Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located provided that 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Foreign Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Foreign Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Foreign Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET2 Day 
 (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Foreign Currency Loan denominated in British Pounds Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom and 
 (c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of a Foreign Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Foreign Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
 Capital Expenditures means, without duplication, any expenditures for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject to Section 1.04. 
 5 

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) personal property, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP, subject to Section 1.04. 
 Capital Stock means (i) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock, (ii) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock, (iii) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and (iv) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person. 
 Cash Pooling Arrangement means any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances (including pursuant to cash pooling arrangements in respect of pooled deposit or sweep accounts). 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a United States Shareholder within the meaning of Section 951 of the Code. 
 Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the Effective Date), of Equity Interests representing more than 30 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company (on a fully diluted basis and taking into account any securities or contract rights exercisable, exchangeable or convertible into Equity Interests) (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Company by Persons who were neither (i) nominated or approved by the board of directors of the Company nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated or approved (c) the acquisition of direct or indirect Control of the Company by any Person or group (d) the Company ceases to own, directly or indirectly, and Control 100 (other than directors qualifying shares) of the ordinary voting and economic power of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower or (e) the occurrence of a change of control , fundamental change or similar occurrence in respect of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant Transactions and giving rise to a right to payment or purchase prior to scheduled maturity or an exercise of rights and remedies thereunder or in respect thereof. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Effective Date (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Collateral means all pledged Equity Interests in or upon which a security interest or Lien is from time to time granted to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations, whether under the Pledge Agreements, under any of the other Collateral Documents or under any of the other Loan Documents. 
 6 

Collateral Documents means all agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement pursuant to which the Administrative Agent is granted a security interest in Collateral, including, without limitation, the Pledge Agreements and all other security agreements, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether heretofore, now, or hereafter executed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, together with all agreements and documents referred to therein or contemplated thereby. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The amount of each Lender s Commitment on the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01 . The aggregate amount of the Commitments on the First Amendment Effective Date is 200,000,000. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Company means Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Computation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, pursuant to Section 2.08, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following (i) each date of issuance, amendment and or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by any Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, (iii) in the case of all Existing Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Effective Date, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, SONIA or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Alternate Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR , SONIA and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Capital Expenditures means, with reference to any period, the Capital Expenditures of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period in 
 7 

accordance with GAAP, excluding Capital Expenditures financed with Indebtedness permitted hereunder other than Loans. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means Consolidated Operating Income plus , (i) Consolidated Interest Income, (ii) depreciation, (iii) amortization, (iv) to the extent deducted in computing Consolidated Operating Income, fees, costs and expenses related to the Transactions, incurred within sixty (60) days after the Effective Date, and (v) to the extent deducted in computing Consolidated Operating Income, (A) cash restructuring charges and integration expenses incurred by the Company in an aggregate amount not to exceed 25,000,000 during the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended and (B) non-cash charges, expenses or losses, including non-cash losses recorded in connection with the settlement, extinguishment or conversion of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, and minus , to the extent included in computing Consolidated Operating Income, all non-cash income or gains, including non-cash gains recorded in connection with the settlement, extinguishment or conversion of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis for the applicable period. 
 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is defined in Section 6.11.1. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the interest expense (including without limitation interest expense under Capital Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP) of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period. 
 Consolidated Interest Income means, with reference to any period, the interest income of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis. 
 Consolidated Operating Expense means, with reference to any period, expenses related to salaries, employee benefits and general and administrative expenses, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period and otherwise in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Operating Income means, with reference to any period, the gross revenues less Consolidated Operating Expense, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period and as calculated in the manner disclosed by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means at any time the aggregate Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time in accordance with GAAP. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date means the scheduled maturity date of any series or class of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness. 
 Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(a). 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its participation in Swingline Loans at such time. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender (including Designated Lenders). 
 8 

CRR means the Regulation (EU) No 575 2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648 2012. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to the last sentence of Section 2.24) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Company, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender. The Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such notice to such Persons upon making such determination. 
 Delaware LLC means any limited liability company organized or formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Delaware Divided LLC means any Delaware LLC which has been formed upon the consummation of a Delaware LLC Division. 
 Delaware LLC Division means the statutory division of any Delaware LLC into two or more Delaware LLCs pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. 
 Designated Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.25. 
 Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06 or as otherwise disclosed by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018. 
 9 

Disqualified Institution means, on any date, (a) any Person designated by the Company as a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date and (b) any other Person that is a competitor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which Person has been designated by the Company as a Disqualified Institution by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (by posting such notice to the Platform) not less than two (2) Business Days prior to such date provided that Disqualified Institutions shall exclude any Person that the Company has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from time to time. 
 Documentation Agent means HSBC Bank USA, National Association in its capacity as documentation agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 Dollar Amount of any currency at any date shall mean (i) the amount of such currency if such currency is Dollars or (ii) the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars if such currency is a Foreign Currency, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate for such currency, on or as of the most recent Computation Date. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America. 
 Dutch Borrower means (i) Heidrick & Struggles B.V., a private company with limited liability besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands having its corporate seat statutaire zetel in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, its registered office at Gustav Mahlerlaan 1244, Noma House eleventh floor, 1081 LA Amsterdam and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 33277877 and (ii) any other Borrower that is organized under the laws of the Netherlands. 
 Dutch Non-Public Lender means (i) until the publication of an interpretation of public as referred to in the CRR by the competent authority ies an entity which (x) assumes existing rights and or obligations vis- -vis a Dutch Borrower, the value of which is at least 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), (y) provides repayable funds for an initial amount of at least 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or (z) otherwise qualifies as not forming part of the public and (ii) as soon as the interpretation of the term public as referred to in the CRR has been published by the relevant authority ies an entity which is not considered to form part of the public on the basis of such interpretation. 
 ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and or the SEC. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means October 26, 2018. 
 10 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and any Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 Eligible Foreign Subsidiary means (i) Heidrick & Struggles B.V., a private company with limited liability besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands having its corporate seat statutaire zetel in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, its registered office at Gustav Mahlerlaan 1244, Noma House eleventh floor, 1081LA Amsterdam and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 33277877 and (ii) any other Foreign Subsidiary that is approved from time to time by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of Capital Stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, Equity Interests shall not include (x) Permitted Convertible Indebtedness until such time as such Indebtedness is converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock and such Capital Stock has been delivered by the Company to converting or exchanging holders or (y) Permitted Warrant Transactions. 
 Equivalent Amount of any currency with respect to any amount of Dollars at any date shall mean the equivalent in such currency of such amount of Dollars, calculated on the basis of the Exchange Rate for such other currency at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date on or as of which such amount is to be determined. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived) (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (e) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of 
 11 

any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Euro and or EUR means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Eurocurrency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 Exchange Rate means, on any day, with respect to any Foreign Currency, the rate at which such Foreign Currency may be exchanged into Dollars, as set forth at approximately 11 00 a.m., Local Time, on such date on the Reuters World Currency Page for such Foreign Currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Currency Page, the Exchange Rate with respect to such Foreign Currency shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent or, in the event no such service is selected, such Exchange Rate shall instead be calculated on the basis of the arithmetical mean of the buy and sell spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent for such Foreign Currency on the London market at 11 00 a.m., Local Time, on such date for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, for delivery two Business Days later provided , that if at the time of any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the Company, may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation. If a Specified Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Specified Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document, any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient 
 (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Recipient is organized, in which its principal office is located, or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes 
 (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in any Loan Document pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in such Loan Document (other than pursuant to an assignment request by any Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17(a), amounts 
 12 

with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office 
 (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and 
 (d) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2015, as amended prior to the Effective Date, by and among the Borrowers, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 Extended Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit that, upon the Company s request and the relevant Issuing Bank s approval, shall have an expiry date later than the Termination Date. 
 Facility Office means the office designated by the applicable Lender through which such Lender will perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, and any official interpretations thereof. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it provided , that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means the letter agreement, dated July 13, 2021, among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and BofA Securities, Inc. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company. 
 Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Company and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b). 
 First Amendment Effective Date means July 13, 2021. 
 First Tier Foreign Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary with respect to which any one or more of the Company and its Domestic Subsidiaries directly owns or Controls more than 50 of such Foreign Subsidiary s issued and outstanding Equity Interests. 
 Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension 
 a. denominated in British Pounds Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment and 
 b. denominated in any other Foreign Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Foreign Currency at the time such Foreign Currency is approved 
 13 

by the Administrative Agent and each Lender plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 provided , that , if any Foreign Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in a Foreign Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Foreign Currency Daily Rate. All Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn and unexpired amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. 
 Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Currency Loan means a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 
 Foreign Currency Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(b). 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension 
 (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET2 Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period 
 (b) denominated in Australian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid Rate BBSY ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the Quotation Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period and 
 (c) denominated in any other Foreign Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Foreign Currency at the time such Foreign Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and each Lender plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and each Lender 
 provided , that , if any Foreign Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Foreign Currency Term Rate. All Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means (a) a Subsidiary of the Company which is not a Domestic Subsidiary, (b) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of any Subsidiary described in clause (a) of this definition, and (c) any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Borrower means any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 and that has not ceased to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to such Section. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Holdco means any Domestic Subsidiary (a) substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that is a CFC and (b) that is treated as an entity disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income 
 14 

Tax purposes and substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that is a CFC. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Holders of Secured Obligations means the holders of the Obligations from time to time and shall include (i) each Lender and each Issuing Bank in respect of its Credit Events, (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in respect of all other present and future obligations and liabilities of the Company and each Subsidiary of every type and description arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) each Lender and Affiliate of such Lender in respect of Swap Agreements and Banking Services Agreements entered into with such Person by the Company or any Subsidiary, (iv) each indemnified party under Section 9.03 in respect of the obligations and liabilities of the Company to such Person hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (v) their respective successors and (in the case of a Lender, permitted) transferees and assigns. 
 Hostile Acquisition means (x) the acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person through a tender offer or similar solicitation of the owners of such Equity Interests which has not been approved (prior to such acquisition) by resolutions of the Board of Directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person or by similar action if such Person is not a corporation and (y) any such acquisition as to which such approval has been withdrawn. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication and subject to Section 1.04(a), (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind to such Person, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (with the amount of such Indebtedness being the lesser of the amount secured and the fair market value of the property subject to such Lien), (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such 
 15 

Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness shall not include Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant Transactions. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Termination Date, (b) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Termination Date, (c) as to any Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Termination Date, (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Termination Date and (e) as to any Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall be Interest Payment Dates . 
 Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR Loan and Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable, and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice, or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability) provided that 
 (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan only, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and 
 (b) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period. 
 Issuing Bank means each of Bank of America, N.A. and any other Lender, that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank, which is reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Administrative Agent, each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 16 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 LC Sublimit means 25,000,000, as the foregoing amount may be decreased or increased from time to time with the written consent of the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued, or deemed issued, pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Leverage Ratio is defined in Section 6.11.2. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidity means unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the United States (or that could be repatriated to the United States (less the applicable combined U.S. federal and state marginal income Tax, and any other applicable foreign Tax, due or payable that would be imposed on the Company or applicable Subsidiary in the case of, and with respect to, the repatriation of such cash to the United States of America, in each case at such time)) at such time in excess of 50,000,000 plus the amount of availability under the Commitments. 
 Loan Documents mean this Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Termination, any promissory notes executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.10(e), the Subsidiary Guaranty, the Collateral Documents and any and all other instruments and documents executed and delivered in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Loans means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrowers under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan. 
 Local Time means (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars and (ii) local time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency (it being understood that such local time shall mean London, England time unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 
 Material Adverse Change means any event, development or circumstance that has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 17 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, property, operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their obligations under the Loan Documents, or (c) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 20,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Subsidiaries means each Subsidiary the consolidated gross revenues of which for the most recent four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 were greater than two and a half percent (2.5 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for such four fiscal quarter period or (ii) the consolidated tangible assets of which as of the end of such four fiscal quarter period were greater than two and a half percent (2.5 of the Company s consolidated tangible assets as of such date provided that, if at the end of any fiscal quarter the aggregate amount of the consolidated gross revenues or consolidated tangible assets of all Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries exceeds twenty-five percent (25 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for any such four fiscal quarter period or twenty-five percent (25 of the Company s consolidated tangible assets as of the end of any such four fiscal quarter period, the Company (or, in the event the Company has failed to do so on the date that it delivers its compliance certificate for such fiscal quarter pursuant to Section 5.01(d), the Administrative Agent) shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries. The Material Subsidiaries on the Effective Date are identified in Schedule 3.01 hereto. For the avoidance of doubt, all Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors shall deemed to be Material Subsidiaries. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Non-U.S. Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B-3 or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 Obligations means all Loans, LC Disbursements, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing by the Borrowers or any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Issuing Bank, or any indemnified Person hereunder, of any kind or nature, present or future, arising under this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty, any Collateral Document or any other Loan Document, whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument, whether or not for the payment of money, whether arising by reason of an extension of credit, loan, guaranty, indemnification, or in any other manner, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired provided , however , that (i) the Obligations of a Subsidiary Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Subsidiary Guarantor, and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, Obligations shall not include Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions. The term includes, without limitation, all interest, charges, expenses, fees, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, reasonable paralegals fees (in each case whether or not 
 18 

allowed), and any other sum chargeable to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 OFAC means Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means any present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment under Section 2.19(b)). 
 Overnight Foreign Currency Rate means, for any amount payable in a Foreign Currency, the rate of interest per annum as determined by the Administrative Agent at which overnight or weekend deposits in the relevant currency (or if such amount due remains unpaid for more than three (3) Business Days, then for such other period of time as the Administrative Agent may elect) for delivery in immediately available and freely transferable funds would be offered by the Administrative Agent to major banks in the interbank market upon request of such major banks for the relevant currency as determined above and in an amount comparable to the unpaid principal amount of the related Credit Event, plus any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed upon, or charged to, the Administrative Agent by any relevant correspondent bank in respect of such amount in such relevant currency. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise but excluding in any event a Hostile Acquisition) by the Company or any Subsidiary of (i) all or substantially all the assets of a Person or division or line of business of a Person or (ii) at least a majority of the voting Equity Interests in a Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person, if, at the time of and immediately after giving effect thereto, (a) no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (b) the principal business of such Person shall be reasonably related to, or strategically aligned with, a business in which the Company and the Subsidiaries were engaged on the Effective Date, (c) each Subsidiary formed for the purpose of or resulting from such acquisition shall, to the extent required under the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor , be a Subsidiary Loan Party, and all actions required to be taken with respect to such acquired or newly formed Subsidiary under Sections 5.09 and 5.10 shall have been taken, (d) the Company and the Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such acquisition, with the covenant contained in Section 6.11.1 recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements are available, as if such acquisition (and any related incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, with any new Indebtedness being 
 19 

deemed to be amortized over the applicable testing period in accordance with its terms) had occurred on the first day of each relevant period for testing such compliance and (ii) the Leverage Ratio, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such acquisition, would not exceed 2.50 to 1.00 and (e) with respect to an acquisition in respect of which the sum of all cash consideration paid or delivered in connection therewith exceeds 30,000,000, the Company has delivered to the Administrative Agent an officers certificate to the effect set forth in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, together with all relevant financial information for the Person or assets to be acquired and reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent the requirement set forth in clause (d) above (including with respect to any pro forma calculations). 
 Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions means any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Company s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change of the common stock of the Company) purchased by Company in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness provided that the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions, less the proceeds received by Company from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transactions, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Company from the issuance of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in connection with such Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions. 
 Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means notes, bonds, indentures or similar instruments issued by the Company that are convertible into or exchangeable for (x) cash, (y) shares of the common stock of the Company (or securities or property of another Person following a merger event or other change of the common stock of the Company) or (z) a combination thereof. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 45 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations 
 (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company or any Subsidiary provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness other than the Liens permitted under Section 6.02 and 
 (g) usual and customary possessory liens and rights of setoff in favor of banks and brokerages in respect of deposit and investment accounts, and including liens that are contractual rights of set-off or other rights of set-off arising by operation of law relating to Cash Pooling Arrangements to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 Permitted Foreign Reorganization Transfers means, to the extent approved by the Administrative Agent, loans, advances or capital contributions by and among the Company and its 
 20 

Subsidiaries in order to implement the reorganization of the Company s Foreign Subsidiaries and foreign branches. 
 Permitted Investments means 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (b) direct obligations of any agency of the United States of America, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (c) municipal investments and direct obligations of any State of the United States of America, in each case with a rating of BBB+ or higher and a maximum maturity of 12 months (for securities where the interest rate is adjusted periodically (e.g. floating rate securities), the reset date will be used to determine the maturity date) 
 (d) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a rating of A-2 from S&P and P-2 from Moody s 
 (e) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any Lender or any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (f) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (e) above 
 (g) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 500,000,000 
 (h) in the case of investments of any Foreign Subsidiary or non-domestic branch of the Company, securities issued by any foreign government or any political subdivision of any foreign government or any public instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than one year from the date of the acquisitions thereof and, at the time of the acquisition thereof, having an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s, or other generally recognized rating agency 
 (i) investments in readily marketable investment grade rated bonds of any Person having, at such date of acquisition, a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S 
 (j) investments in funds that invest solely in one or more of types of securities described in clauses (a) through (i) above and 
 (k) in the case of investments by any Foreign Subsidiary or non-domestic branch of the Company, (i) investments in time deposits maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with any highly capitalized commercial bank which is located in the jurisdiction where such non-domestic branch of the Company or such Foreign Subsidiary is located and which bank has an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s or other generally recognized rating agency and (ii) other investments in money market funds domiciled in such jurisdiction that (x) are rated AAA by S&P and AAA by Moody s and (y) have portfolio assets of at least 2,000,000,000. 
 21 

Permitted Two-Year Investments means 
 (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America, in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (b) direct obligations of any agency of the United States of America, in each case maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (c) municipal investments and direct obligations of any State of the United States of America with a rating of BBB+ or higher and a maximum maturity of two years (for securities where the interest rate is adjusted periodically (e.g. floating rate securities), the reset date will be used to determine the maturity date) 
 (d) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any Lender or any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000 
 (e) in the case of investments by any Foreign Subsidiary or non-domestic branch of the Company, securities issued by any foreign government or any political subdivision of any foreign government or any public instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than two years from the date of the acquisitions thereof and, at the time of the acquisition thereof, having an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s, or other generally recognized rating agency 
 (f) investments in funds that invest solely in one or more of the types of securities described in clauses (a) through (e) above and 
 (g) in the case of investments by any non-domestic branch of the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary, investments in time deposits maturing within two years from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with any highly capitalized commercial bank which is located in the jurisdiction where such non-domestic branch of the Company or such Foreign Subsidiary is located and which bank has an investment grade credit rating obtainable from S&P, Moody s or other generally recognized rating agency. 
 Permitted Warrant Transactions means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Company s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change of the common stock of the Company) sold by the Company substantially concurrently in connection with any purchase by the Company of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 
 Pledge Agreements means the pledge agreements, share mortgages, charges and comparable instruments and documents from time to time executed pursuant to the terms of Section 5.10 in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 22 

Pledged Subsidiary means each Foreign Subsidiary a portion of the Equity Interests of which has been pledged pursuant to a Pledge Agreement in accordance with Section 5.10. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America, N.A. as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 QFC has the meaning specified in Section 9.20(b). 
 Quotation Day means two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Quotation Day means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the Board relating to the extension of credit by securities brokers and dealers, including all members of national securities exchanges. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the Board relating to the extension of credit by banks for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stocks applicable to member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and any successor or other regulation or official interpretation of the Board for the purpose of applying the provisions of Regulation T and Regulation U to borrowers who are subject to United States laws and who obtain credit within or outside the United States for the purpose of purchasing securities. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, (b) with respect to Loans denominated in British Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (d) with respect to Loans denominated in any other Agreed Currency, (i) the central bank for the currency in which such Loan is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (x) such Successor Rate or (y) the administrator of such Successor Rate or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (w) the central bank for the currency in which such Successor Rate is denominated, (x) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Successor Rate or (B) the administrator of such Successor Rate, (y) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, Term SOFR, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros, EURIBOR and (d) Australian Dollars, BBSY, as applicable. 
 23 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time. The Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time provided that, the amount of any participation in any Swingline Loan and unreimbursed LC Disbursements that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swingline Lender or an Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in making such determination. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.18(d)(ii) . 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), (b) any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, (c) any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, (d) the initial premium amount for a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and the sales proceeds from a Permitted Warrant Transaction in connection with Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, taken together as a single transaction, on a net basis, and (e) any payment made in cash to holders of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in excess of the original principal (or notional) amount thereof and interest solely on such excess amount, unless and to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash (whether through a direct cash payment or a settlement in shares of stock that are immediately sold for cash) substantially contemporaneously from the other parties to a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction relating to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, and (f) any cash payment made in connection with the settlement of a Permitted Warrant Transaction to the extent the Company has the option of satisfying such payment obligation through the issuance of shares of common stock. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, director or other authorized representative of a Loan Party, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in a Foreign Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or an Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Foreign Currency. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 
 24 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, Her Majesty s Treasury HMT ), the European Union or any European Union member state in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts business, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time and applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts business or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(c). 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Secured Obligations means, collectively, (i) the Obligations, (ii) all Banking Services Obligations owing to one or more Lenders and their respective Affiliates and (iii) all Swap Obligations provided that the definition of Secured Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party. 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 
 SOFR Adjustment means 0.10 . 
 SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326 per annum. 
 Specified Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve, liquid asset, fees or similar requirements (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves or other requirements) established by any central bank, monetary authority, the Board, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority, the European Central Bank or other Governmental Authority for any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in the applicable currency, expressed in the case of each such requirement as a decimal. Such reserve, liquid asset, fees or similar requirements shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve, liquid asset or similar requirement. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to a subordination agreement on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which 
 25 

would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means each Subsidiary (other than (x) any Foreign Subsidiary to the extent (a) such Foreign Subsidiary is a CFC, a Subsidiary of a CFC or a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco (unless, as determined by the Company acting in good faith or upon advice of its tax advisors that, causing any such Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor would not have disadvantageous tax implications for the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary under Section 956 of the Code (or any successor provision or any applicable U.S. Treasury Regulation)) or (b) designation or continuation of such Foreign Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor would be prohibited by applicable law - each such Foreign Subsidiary, an Affected Foreign Subsidiary or (y) any non-wholly owned Subsidiary to the extent that designation or continuation of such non-wholly owned Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor would be prohibited (a) by applicable law or (b) by the terms of its organizational documents or other contractual restrictions from being a Subsidiary Guarantor so long as such prohibition was not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary (each such non-wholly owned Subsidiary an Affected Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary and together with the Affected Foreign Subsidiary, each an Affected Subsidiary )) (i) the consolidated gross revenues of which for the most recent four fiscal quarter period of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 were greater than five percent (5 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for such four fiscal quarter period or (ii) the consolidated tangible assets of which as of the end of such four fiscal quarter period were greater than five percent (5 of the Company s consolidated tangible assets as of such date provided that, if at the end of any fiscal quarter the aggregate amount of the consolidated gross revenues or consolidated tangible assets of all Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors exceeds thirty-five percent (35 of the Company s consolidated gross revenues for any such four fiscal quarter period or thirty-five percent (35 of the Company s consolidated tangible assets as of the end of any such four fiscal quarter period, the Company (or, in the event the Company has failed to do so on the date that it delivers its compliance certificate for such fiscal quarter pursuant to Section 5.01(d), the Administrative Agent) shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries (other than Affected Subsidiaries) as Subsidiary Guarantors to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Subsidiary Guarantors. The Subsidiary Guarantors on the Effective Date are identified in Schedule 3.01 hereto. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty means that certain Guaranty dated as of the Effective Date in substantially the form of Exhibit E (including any and all supplements thereto) and executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto, and, in the case of any guaranty by a Foreign Subsidiary, any other guaranty agreements as are requested by the Administrative Agent and its counsel, in each case as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Subsidiary Loan Party means a Subsidiary Guarantor or a Pledged Subsidiary. 
 Successor Rate means either a Foreign Currency Successor Rate or a Term SOFR Successor Rate, as the context may require. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 9.20. 
 Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan (including, without limitation, restricted stock awards, options and other incentive compensation plans) providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or 
 26 

consultants of the Company or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Swap Agreement shall not include any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions or Permitted Warrant Transactions. 
 Swap Obligations means all indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company under Swap Agreements to any Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender. 
 Swingline Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.05. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swingline Lender and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). 
 Swingline Lender means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swingline Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.05. 
 Swingline Loan Request means a notice of a Swingline Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.05(b), which shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. 
 Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 10,000,000 and (b) the Commitment. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitments. 
 Syndication Agent means Truist Bank in its capacity as syndication agent for the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement. 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 TARGET2 Day means a day that TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 Taxes means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means 
 (i)for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11 00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment and 
 (ii)for any interest calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day 
 27 

provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 Term SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(c). 
 Termination Date means July 13, 2026. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Term SOFR, a Foreign Currency Term Rate, a Foreign Currency Daily Rate or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 9.20. 
 U.S. Tax Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(D)(2). 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under 
 28 

which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type e.g. , a Term SOFR Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type e.g. , a Term SOFR Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.0c. Terms Generally. 
 (i)The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (ii)In this Agreement, where it relates to the Dutch Borrower or any other Dutch Subsidiary, or to any Dutch law governed security, a reference to (i) necessary organizational actions, where applicable, include any action required to comply with the Works Councils Act of the Netherlands Wet op de ondernemingsraden and obtaining of an unconditional positive advice advies from the competent works council(s), (ii) a Lien or security interest includes any mortgage hypotheek ), pledge pandrecht ), financial collateral agreement financi lezekerheidsovereenkomst ), privilege voorrecht ), retention of title arrangement eigendomsvoorbehoud ), right of retention recht van retentie ), right to reclaim goods recht van reclame and, in general, any right in rem beperkt recht ), created for the purpose of granting security goederenrechtelijk zekerheidsrecht ), (iii) a winding up, liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency and administration (and any of those terms) includes a Dutch entity being declared bankrupt failliet verklaard or dissolved ontbonden ), (iv) a moratorium includes surseance van betaling , (v) bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings include (A) bankruptcy faillissement ), suspension of payments surseance van betaling or any other procedure having the effect that the entity to which it applies loses the free management or ability to dispose of its property (irrespective of whether the procedure is provisional or final) and (B) dissolution ontbinding or any other procedure having the effect that the entity to which it applies ceases to exist, (vi) any step, action or procedure taken in connection with, or acquiescence in, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings includes filing or having filed a notice under Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act of the Netherlands Invorderingswet 1990 or Section 60 of the Social Insurance Financing Act of the Netherlands Wet Financiering Sociale Verzekeringen in conjunction with Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act of the Netherlands Invorderingswet 1990 ), (vii) a receiver or trustee includes a curator , (viii) an administrator (in the context of a moratorium, suspension of payments or other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) includes a bewindvoerder , (ix) an attachment includes a beslag , (x) a merger includes a juridische fusie and (xi) a Subsidiary includes a dochtermaatschappij as defined in Article 2 24a of the Dutch Civil Code Burgerlijk Wetboek ). In this Agreement, a reference to any person 
 29 

incorporated or established in the Netherlands includes a general partnership vennootschap onder firma ), a limited partnership commanditaire vennootschap or other partnership maatschap or other entity and any other temporary or permanent joint venture as well as similar entities incorporated under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. In this Agreement, a reference to the Netherlands means the European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and Dutch means in or of the Netherlands. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations. 
 (i)Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and in the case of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness for which the embedded conversion obligation must be settled by paying solely cash, so long as substantially concurrently with the offering of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, the Company enters into a cash-settled Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction relating to such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, for so long as such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction (or a portion thereof corresponding to the amount of outstanding Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) remains in effect, all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made as if the amount of Indebtedness represented by such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness were equal to the face principal amount thereof without regard to any mark-to-market derivative accounting for such Indebtedness, (iii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of lease obligations that are not, or would not be, capital or finance lease obligations under GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date, but which are recharacterized as capital or finance lease obligations (and hence excluded for all purposes hereof from Capital Expenditures, Capital Lease Obligations and Indebtedness) pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842 (or any successor provisions of similar import), (iv) in a manner such that any obligations relating to a lease of real property shall be accounted for as obligations relating to an operating lease and not as Capital Lease Obligations (and hence excluded for all purposes hereof from Capital Expenditures, Capital Lease Obligations and Indebtedness) so long as such lease is not part of a sale-and-lease back transaction and (v) for purposes of all calculations hereunder, the principal amount of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall be the outstanding principal (or notional) amount thereof, valued at par. 
 (ii)To the extent that the Company makes any Permitted Acquisition during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Company most recently ended 
 (1) the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio and Leverage Ratio shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Permitted Acquisition had occurred on the first day of such period 
 (2) interest accrued during the relevant period on, and the principal of, any Indebtedness repaid or to be repaid or refinanced in such transaction shall be excluded from the results of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period 
 30 

(3) any Indebtedness actually or proposed to be incurred or assumed in such transaction shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable period, and interest thereon shall be deemed to have accrued from such day on such Indebtedness at the applicable rates provided therefor (and in the case of interest that does or would accrue at a formula or floating rate, at the rate in effect at the time of determination or as otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent) and shall be included in the results of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period and 
 (4) the pro forma calculation describe in clause (i) above shall be made without giving effect to any cost savings other than those actually realized as of the date of such Permitted Acquisition or thereafter realized during such period or otherwise approved in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 (iii)Any requirement in this Agreement that a transaction shall be in compliance on a pro form basis means that such transaction does not cause, create or result in a Default after giving pro forma effect thereto in accordance with clause (b) above, based upon the results of operations for the most recently completed fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered under Section 5.01(a) and (b), to (x) such transaction and (y) all other transactions which are contemplated or required to be given pro forma effect hereunder that have occurred on or after the first day of the relevant period. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Status of Obligations. In the event that the Company or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Company shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of SOFR , Foreign Currency Daily Rate , Foreign Currency Term Rate , Term SOFR or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. 
 ARTICLE 2 The Credits 
 SECTION 1.0a. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or (ii) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the sum of the Dollar Amount of the total Credit Exposures exceeding the aggregate Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow the Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Loans and Borrowings. 
 (i)Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any 
 31 

other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. 
 (ii)Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans, Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans as the relevant Borrower may request in accordance herewith provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the relevant Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (iii)At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term SOFR Borrowing or Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 250,000 units of such currency) and not less than 1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 1,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 units of such currency and not less than 1,000,000 units of such currency. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 and not less than 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the aggregate Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of five (5) Term SOFR Borrowings and Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowings outstanding. 
 (iv)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Termination Date. 
 (v)Any Loan to, or Letter of Credit issued on behalf of, any Dutch Borrower shall at all times be provided by a Lender that is a Dutch Non-Public Lender. 
 (vi)With respect to any Foreign Currency Daily Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing of a Revolving Loan, the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request), not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, (x) two (2) Business Days (in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing) or by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf), (y) three (3) Business Days (in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing (other than Australian Dollars) or a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing) and (z) four (4) Business Days (in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing denominated in Australian Dollars), in each case before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) by telephone in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided that any such notice of an ABR Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing provided , further , that if the Borrower wishes to request Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period other than one, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, four (4) Business Days prior 
 32 

to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. Not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower). Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (1) the name of the applicable Borrower 
 (2) the aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (3) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (4) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing 
 (5) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (6) the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07(a). 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term SOFR Borrowing or Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, then the relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Intentionally Omitted . 
 SECTION 1.0e. Swingline Loans. 
 (a) The Swingline . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section, may in its sole discretion make loans to the Company (each such loan, a Swingline Loan ). Each such Swingline Loan may be made, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to the Company, in Dollars, from time to time on any Business Day. During the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swingline Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swingline Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of the Lender acting as Swingline Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment provided , however , that (i) after giving effect to any Swingline Loan, (A) the total Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Commitments at such time, and (B) the Credit Exposure of any Lender at such time shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, (ii) the Company shall not use the proceeds of any Swingline Loan to refinance any outstanding Swingline Loan, and (iii) the Swingline Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swingline Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Event may have, fronting exposure to a Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or cash collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Section, prepay under Section 2.10, and reborrow under this Section. Each Swingline Loan shall bear 
 33 

interest only at a rate based on the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. Immediately upon the making of a Swingline Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swingline Lender a risk participation in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swingline Loan. 
 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swingline Borrowing shall be made upon the Company s irrevocable notice to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Swingline Loan Request provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swingline Loan Request. Each such Swingline Loan Request must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day). Promptly after receipt by the Swingline Lender of any Swingline Loan Request, the Swingline Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swingline Loan Request and, if not, the Swingline Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swingline Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swingline Borrowing (A) directing the Swingline Lender not to make such Swingline Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.05(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender may make the amount of its Swingline Loan available to the Company at its office by crediting the account of the Company on the books of the Swingline Lender in immediately available funds. 
 
 (c) Refinancing of Swingline Loans . 
 
 (i) The Swingline Lender at any time in its sole discretion may request, on behalf of the Company (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swingline Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make an ABR Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Borrowing Request for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of ABR Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swingline Lender shall furnish the Company with a copy of the applicable Borrowing Request promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Borrowing Request available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply cash collateral available with respect to the applicable Swingline Loan) for the account of the Swingline Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified in such Borrowing Request, whereupon, subject to Section 2.05(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made an ABR Loan to the Company in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (ii) If for any reason any Swingline Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(i), the request for ABR Loans submitted by the Swingline Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swingline Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swingline Loan and each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 
 (iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(c) by the time specified in Section 2.05(c)(i), the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the 
 34 

Swingline Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Swingline Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swingline Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swingline Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swingline Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 (iv) Each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swingline Lender, the Company or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided however , that each Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Company of a Borrowing Request). No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to repay Swingline Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 
 (i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swingline Loan, if the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of such Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swingline Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swingline Loan is required to be returned by the Swingline Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 9.19 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swingline Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swingline Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swingline Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swingline Lender . The Swingline Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Company for interest on the Swingline Loans. Until each Lender funds its ABR Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section to refinance such Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swingline Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swingline Lender. 
 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swingline Lender . The Company shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swingline Loans directly to the Swingline Lender. 
 
 SECTION 1.0f. Letters of Credit. 
 (i) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in Agreed Currencies as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Company to, or entered into by the Company with, the relevant Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Schedule 2.06 contains a schedule of certain letters of credit issued by Bank of America, N.A. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, from and after the 
 35 

Effective Date, such letters of credit (to the extent that they were not already issued pursuant to this Section 2.06) shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued pursuant to this Section 2.06. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. The Company unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Subsidiary s obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Company will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Company hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such a Subsidiary that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). 
 (ii) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Company shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the relevant Issuing Bank) to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Agreed Currency applicable thereto, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by an Issuing Bank, the Company also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed 25,000,000, (ii) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the sum of the Dollar Amount of the total Credit Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments and (iii) subject to the definition of Computation Date and Section 2.11(c), the Dollar Amount of the aggregate face amount of all Letters of Credit issued and then outstanding by any Issuing Bank shall not exceed the LC Sublimit. 
 (iii) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the relevant Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the date that is five Business Days prior to the Termination Date unless such Letter of Credit is an Extended Letter of Credit, in which case the expiry date shall not be later than the date which is three years after the Termination Date so long as the Company shall have complied with Section 2.06(j). 
 (iv) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the relevant Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the relevant Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the relevant Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Company on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 36 

(v) Reimbursement . If the relevant Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the Dollar Amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement (or if such Issuing Bank shall so elect in its sole discretion by notice to the Company, in such other Agreed Currency which was paid by such Issuing Bank pursuant to such LC Disbursement in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement) not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Company shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 00 a.m., Local Time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Company prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than the Dollar Amount of 1,000,000, the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with (i) an ABR Borrowing, Swingline Loan or Term SOFR Borrowing in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement or (ii) to the extent that such LC Disbursement was made in a Foreign Currency, a Foreign Currency Borrowing in such Foreign Currency (in the event such Foreign Currency is an Agreed Loan Currency) in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement and, in each case, to the extent so financed, the Company s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing, Term SOFR Borrowing, Foreign Currency Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Company fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Company, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders, provided that (x) such payment shall be payable by no later than 1 00 p.m. New York City time and (y) with respect to any such payment in respect of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Agreed LC Currency that is not an Agreed Loan Currency, any Lender may make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of an ABR Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the Company s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any Other Tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Company shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or (y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Agreed Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Equivalent Amount, calculated using the applicable exchange rates, on the date such LC Disbursement is made, of such LC Disbursement. 
 (vi) Obligations Absolute . The Company s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the relevant Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Company s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), 
 37 

or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the relevant Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the relevant Issuing Bank from liability to the Company to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Company that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (vii) Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Company by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and or the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (viii) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full as required by paragraph (e) above, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Company reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans (or in the case such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate for such Agreed Currency plus the then effective Applicable Rate with respect to Foreign Currency Loans) provided that, if the Company fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (ix) Replacement of the Issuing Bank . Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of any Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (x) Cash Collateralization . If (x) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Company receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph or 
 38 

(y) the Company requests, and the relevant Issuing Bank approves, the issuance of an Extended Letter of Credit, the Company shall either (A) cover by arranging for the issuance of one or more standby letters of credit issued by an issuer, and otherwise on terms and conditions, satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (B) deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105 of the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure in respect of such Extended Letter of Credit (in the case of the foregoing clause (y)) or in the aggregate (in the case of the foregoing clause (x)) as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon provided that (i) the portions of such amount attributable to undrawn Foreign Currency Letters of Credit or LC Disbursements in a Foreign Currency that the Company is not late in reimbursing shall be deposited in the applicable Foreign Currencies in the actual amounts of such undrawn Letters of Credit and LC Disbursements and (ii) the obligation to provide such letter of credit cover or deposit such cash collateral shall (1) be required by no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Termination Date in the case of an Extended Letter of Credit and (2) become effective immediately, and such cover or deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Company described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Foreign Currency LC Exposure shall be calculated using the applicable Exchange Rate on the date notice demanding cash collateralization is delivered to the Company. The Company also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(c). Such cover and deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent in interest-bearing accounts selected at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Company s risk and expense as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Company for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement. If the Company is required to provide an amount of letter of credit cover or cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Company within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (xi) Issuing Bank Agreements . Each Issuing Bank agrees that, unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the aggregate face amount of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), it being understood that such Issuing Bank shall not permit any issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that it is then permitted under this Agreement, (ii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank pays any amount in respect of one or more drawings under Letters of Credit, the date of such payment(s) and the amount of such payment(s), (iii) on any Business Day on which the Borrowers fail to reimburse any amount required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount and currency of such payment in respect of Letters of Credit and (iv) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Funding of Borrowings. 
 (i)Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, by 12 00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 12 00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency and at such Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency and Borrower provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the relevant Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in 
 39 

like funds, to (x) an account of the Company maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City or Chicago or any other account as is designated by the Company in the applicable Swingline Request or Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of such Borrower in the relevant jurisdiction and designated by such Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 (ii)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and such Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency) or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 (iii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction to the extent otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Interest Elections. 
 (i)Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. A Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Swingline Loan may not be converted to a Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan. 
 (ii)To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower, or the Company on its behalf, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by telephone or irrevocable written notice in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars or by irrevocable written notice (via an Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the relevant Borrower, or the Company on its behalf. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit any Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available for such Borrowing. Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan. 
 40 

(iii)Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (1) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (2) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (3) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing and 
 (4) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (iv)Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (v)If the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing and (ii) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency in respect of which the applicable Borrower shall have failed to deliver an Interest Election Request prior to the third (3 rd Business Day preceding the end of such Interest Period, such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing in the same Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month unless such Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.11. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing denominated in Dollars may be converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing, (ii) unless repaid, each Term SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (iii) unless repaid, each Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall automatically be continued as a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 
 (i)Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Termination Date. 
 (ii)The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans and reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with Section 2.11, the Dollar Amount of the sum of the Credit Exposures would exceed the aggregate Commitments. 
 (iii)The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the 
 41 

effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or financings, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent (but shall not impact the Company s ability to exercise the expansion option described in Section 2.20). Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 SECTION 1.j. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt. 
 (i)Each Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan made to such Borrower on the Termination Date in the currency of such Loan and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Termination Date and the tenth (10th) Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made. 
 (ii)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (iii)The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (iv)The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be conclusive evidence (absent manifest error) of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (v)Any Lender may request that Loans made by it to any Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if any such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 SECTION 1.k. Prepayment of Loans. 
 (i)Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Revolving Loans in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Loan Prepayment (promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Foreign Currency Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, or (iii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Revolving Loan or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, 
 42 

then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Loan, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Loan shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Loan of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Revolving Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13(d) and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 (ii)The Company may, upon notice to the Swingline Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swingline Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swingline Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the Swingline Lender, (A) such notice must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (B) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess hereof (or, if less, the entire principal thereof then outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of principal shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 (iii)If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the Credit Exposures (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the aggregate Commitments or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the Credit Exposures (so calculated) exceeds 105 of the aggregate Commitments, the Borrowers shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the aggregate Dollar Amount of all Credit Exposures (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the aggregate Commitments. 
 (iv)On the date ninety (90) days prior to a Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date, prepayment shall be made on the Obligations, in whole, in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, unless 
 (1) such Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date is waived or extended to a later date, in either such case, by the holders of the applicable Permitted Convertible Indebtedness 
 (2) the Borrowers can demonstrate (1) Liquidity in an amount at least equal to the principal amount of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness due on such Convertible Indebtedness Maturity Date and (2) compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6.11 after giving effect to such payments or satisfaction of such payment obligations and the incurrence of any additional Consolidated Total Indebtedness on a pro forma basis or 
 (iii) the requirements of this Section 2.11(d) shall be waived, extended or otherwise modified by the Required Lenders. 
 (v)All amounts required to be prepaid pursuant to Sections 2.11(d) shall be applied as follows first, ratably to the LC Disbursements and the Swingline Loans, second, to the outstanding Revolving Loans, and, third, to cash collateralize the remaining LC Exposure. 
 SECTION 1.l. Fees. 
 (i)The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount by which the aggregate Commitments exceeds the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans and (ii) the amount of LC Exposure, subject to adjustment as 
 43 

provided in Section 2.24 provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such commitment fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Credit Exposure. For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding principal amount of Swingline Loans shall not be counted towards or considered usage of the Commitments for purposes of determining the commitment fee. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that any commitment fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (ii)The Company agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term SOFR Loans on the average daily Dollar Amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to the relevant Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the average daily Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Unless otherwise specified above, participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third (3 rd Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in such Foreign Currency. 
 (iii)The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 (iv)All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to each Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the applicable Lenders. Fees (other than fees calculated in error) paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 1.m. Interest. 
 (i)The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for ABR Loans. 
 (ii)The Loans comprising each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate for Term SOFR Loans. 
 44 

(iii)The Loans comprising each Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the Foreign Currency Term Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate for Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans. 
 (iv)The Loans comprising each Foreign Currency Daily Rate Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Foreign Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans. 
 (v)Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by any Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (vi)Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (vii)All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest (i) computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and (ii) for Borrowings denominated in British Pounds Sterling or Australian Dollars shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days, and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Foreign Currency Daily Rate, Foreign Currency Term Rate, Term SOFR, Term SOFR Screen Rate or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 1.n. Inability to Determine Rates. 
 (i) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Loan or a conversion of ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 2.14(b) or Section 2.14(c) , as applicable, and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 2.14(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable) or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or a Foreign Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed ABR Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Alternate Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of Section 2.14(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (1) the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Term SOFR Loans, or Borrowing of, or a continuation of Foreign 
 45 

Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of ABR Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Amount specified therein and (2) any outstanding affected Foreign Currency Loans, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of ABR Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of such outstanding Foreign Currency Loan immediately, in the case of a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, or (2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan provided that if no election is made by the applicable Borrower (x) in the case of a Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the applicable Borrower of such notice or (y) in the case of a Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above . 
 (ii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, (x) for purposes of this Section 2.14(b) , the term Agreed Currency shall not include Dollars and (y) if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrowers or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrowers) that the Borrowers or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (1) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) is available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (2) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Agreed Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or 
 (3) syndicated loans currently being executed and agented in the U.S., are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency 
 or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.14(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) have occurred with respect to the Foreign Currency Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Foreign Currency Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 2.14 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Foreign Currency Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrowers unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrowers and each Lender of the implementation of any Foreign Currency Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Foreign Currency Successor Rate as so 
 46 

determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0 ), the Foreign Currency Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero percent (0 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Any Foreign Currency Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Foreign Currency Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. In connection with the implementation of a Foreign Currency Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.14(c), those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Agreed Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 (iii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, with respect to the Relevant Rate for Dollars, if the Administrative Agent determines, or the Borrowers or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrowers) that the Borrowers or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (1) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (2) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Term SOFR Term SOFR Successor Rate ). Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Term SOFR Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0 ), the Term SOFR Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero percent (0 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrowers and each Lender of the implementation of any Term SOFR Successor Rate. 
 Any Term SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Term SOFR Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the 
 47 

Administrative Agent. In connection with the implementation of a Term SOFR Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrowers and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. If the Term SOFR Successor Rate for Term SOFR is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 2.14(c)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Term SOFR Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 2.14 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar Dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Term SOFR Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrowers unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.14(c), those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 SECTION 1.o. Increased Costs. 
 (i)If any Change in Law shall 
 (1) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan, requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank 
 (2) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement, Term SOFR Loans or Foreign Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (3) subject any Recipient to any Taxes on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for any such additional cost incurred or 
 48 

reduction suffered in a manner consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank. 
 (ii)If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, for any such additional cost incurred or reduction suffered in a manner consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank. 
 (iii)A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay, or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate, absent manifest error, within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (iv)Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 1.p. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (b) the conversion of any Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan or Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 1.q. Taxes. (a) Withholding of Taxes Gross-Up . Each payment by or on behalf of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by any law. If any Withholding Agent determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Withholding Agent may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such withheld Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by or on behalf of such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such 
 49 

withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the applicable Recipient receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made. 
 (v) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The relevant Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (vi) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (vii) Indemnification by the Borrowers . The relevant Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient for any Indemnified Taxes that are paid or payable by such Recipient in connection with any Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes that are paid or payable on amounts paid under this Section 2.17(d)) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this Section 2.17(d) shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Recipient delivers to the relevant Borrower a certificate stating the amount of any Indemnified Taxes so paid or payable by such Recipient and describing the basis for the indemnification claim. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. Such Recipient shall deliver a copy of such certificate to the Administrative Agent. 
 (viii) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for any Taxes (but, in the case of any Indemnified Taxes, only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so) attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this Section 2.17(e) shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Administrative Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of Taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. 
 (ix) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without, or at a reduced rate of, withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to any withholding (including backup withholding) or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A) through (E) below and Section 2.17(f)(iii) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Upon the reasonable request of any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, any Lender shall update any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section 2.17(f). If any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect with respect to a Lender, such Lender shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) days after such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy) notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy and update the form or certification if it is legally eligible to do so. 
 (1) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if any Borrower is a U.S. Person, any Lender with respect to such Borrower shall, if it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to 
 50 

such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies reasonably requested by such Borrower and the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party hereto, duly completed and executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable 
 (A) in the case of a Lender that is a U.S. Person, IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (1) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (2) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (C) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender for whom payments under any Loan Document constitute income that is effectively connected with such Lender s conduct of a trade or business in the United States, executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (D) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code both (1) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, and (2) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H (a U.S. Tax Certificate to the effect that such Lender is not (a) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (b) a 10 percent shareholder of such Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (c) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code 
 (E) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender that is not the beneficial owner of payments made under any Loan Document (including a partnership or a participating Lender) (1) an IRS Form W-8IMY on behalf of itself and (2) the relevant forms prescribed in clauses (A), (B), (C), and (D) of this paragraph (f)(ii) and other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable, that would be required of each such beneficial owner or partner of such partnership if such beneficial owner or partner were a Lender provided, however, that if the Lender is a partnership and one or more of its partners are claiming the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, such Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Certificate on behalf of such partners or 
 (F) to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, any other form prescribed by law as a basis for claiming exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax together with such supplementary documentation necessary to enable such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the amount of Tax (if any) required by law to be withheld. 
 (2) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Withholding Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent as may be necessary for the Withholding Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA and, as necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.17(f)(iii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Effective Date. 
 51 

(x) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including additional amounts paid pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid to such indemnified party pursuant to the previous sentence (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(g), in no event will any indemnified party be required to pay any amount to any indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 2.17(g) if such payment would place such indemnified party in a less favorable position (on a net after-Tax basis) than such indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.17(g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (xi) Issuing Bank . For purposes of Section 2.17(e) and (f), the term Lender includes the Issuing Banks. 
 SECTION 1.r. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs. 
 (i)Each Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars, 12 00 noon, New York City time and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency, 12 00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency, in each case on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or where such currency has been converted to Euro, in Euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, Texas 75082 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Payment Office for such currency, except payments to be made directly to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or any Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrowers take all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (ii)If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied 
 52 

(1) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and 
 (2) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (iii)If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (iv)(i) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency). 
 (ii) With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any Issuing Bank hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent, the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 53 

A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or a Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (d) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (v)If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 1.s. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders. 
 (i)If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (ii)If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) any Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 SECTION 1.t. Expansion Option. The Company may from time to time elect to increase the Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Facility ), in each case in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, and in increments of 5,000,000 in excess thereof, so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such Incremental Facility does not exceed 75,000,000 provided that, the Company may make a maximum of five (5) such requests. The Company may arrange for any such Incremental Facility to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender, an Increasing Lender ), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender shall be subject to the approval of the Company and the Administrative Agent and (ii) (x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Company and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Company and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the Incremental Facility) shall 
 54 

be required for any Incremental Facility pursuant to this Section 2.20. Incremental Facilities created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Incremental Facility shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such Incremental Facility, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Company and (B) the Company shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) with the covenants contained in Section 6.11 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date as to the corporate power and authority of the Borrowers to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such Incremental Facility. On the effective date of any Incremental Facility, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such Incremental Facility and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Loans, and (ii) except to the extent not applicable to such Incremental Facility, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Loans as of the date of any such Incremental Facility (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Company (on its own behalf or on behalf of the applicable Borrower) in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall, in respect of each Term SOFR Loan and Foreign Currency Term Rate Loan, be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to provide an Incremental Facility at any time. In connection with any Incremental Facility pursuant to this Section 2.20, any Augmenting Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Augmenting Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 1.u. Market Disruption. Notwithstanding the satisfaction of all conditions referred to in Article II and Article IV with respect to any Credit Event to be effected in any Foreign Currency, if (i) there shall occur on or prior to the date of such Credit Event any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls which would in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank (if such Credit Event is a Letter of Credit), any Designated Lender or the Required Lenders make it impracticable for the Term SOFR Borrowings, Foreign Currency Borrowings or Letters of Credit comprising such Credit Event to be denominated in the Agreed Currency specified by the relevant Borrower, (ii) such currency is no longer an Agreed Currency or (iii) a Dollar Amount of such currency is not readily calculable, then the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to such Borrower, the Lenders and, if such Credit Event is a Letter of Credit, the relevant Issuing Bank, and such Credit Events shall not be denominated in such Agreed Currency but shall, except as otherwise set forth in Section 2.07, be made on the date of such Credit Event in Dollars, (a) if such Credit Event is a Borrowing, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the aggregate principal amount specified in the related Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request, as the case may be, as ABR Loans, unless such Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent at least one Business Day before such date that (i) it elects not to borrow on such date or (ii) it elects to borrow on such date in a different Agreed Currency, as the case may be, in which the denomination of such Loans would in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders be practicable and in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the aggregate principal amount specified in the related Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request, as the case may be or (b) if such Borrowing is a Letter of Credit, in a face amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the face amount specified in the related request or application for such Letter of Credit, unless such Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent at least one Business Day 
 55 

before such date that (i) it elects not to request the issuance of such Letter of Credit on such date or (ii) it elects to have such Letter of Credit issued on such date in a different Agreed Currency, as the case may be, in which the denomination of such Letter of Credit would in the reasonable opinion of the relevant Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders be practicable and in face amount equal to the Dollar Amount of the face amount specified in the related request or application for such Letter of Credit, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 1.v. Judgment Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agent s main New York City office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non-appealable judgment is given. The obligations of each Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, each Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess to such Borrower. 
 SECTION 1.w. Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers. 
 (i)The Company may at any time and from time to time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), designate any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement executed by such Subsidiary and the Company and the satisfaction of the other conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.03, and upon such delivery and satisfaction such Subsidiary shall for all purposes of this Agreement be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement until the Company shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination with respect to such Subsidiary, whereupon such Subsidiary shall cease to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement provided that no Borrowing Request or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower until the date five (5) Business Days after the effective date of such Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no Borrowing Subsidiary Termination will become effective as to any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at a time when any principal of or interest on any Loan to such Borrower shall be outstanding hereunder, provided that such Borrowing Subsidiary Termination shall be effective to terminate the right of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower to make further Borrowings under this Agreement. As soon as practicable upon receipt of a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall furnish a copy thereof to each Lender. 
 (ii)Each Subsidiary of the Company that is or becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.23 hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and agrees that (i) the Company may execute such documents on behalf of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower as the Company deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document executed on its behalf, (ii) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent or the Lender to the Company shall be deemed delivered to each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and (iii) the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, instrument or agreement executed by the Company on behalf of each of the Loan Parties. 
 56 

SECTION 1.x. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (i)fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) 
 (ii)any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.02 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder third, to cash collateralize the Issuing Bank s LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section fourth, as the Borrowers may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the Issuing Bank s future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by a Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto 
 (iii)the Commitment and Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (iv)if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (1) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that the sum of all non- 
 57 

Defaulting Lenders Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments 
 (2) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent, (x) first , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second , cash collateralize for the benefit of each Issuing Bank only the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (3) if the Company cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (4) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages and 
 (5) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the relevant Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all commitment fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to such Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (v) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the relevant Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in accordance with Section 2.24(c), and participating interests in any Swingline Loan and or newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.24(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the Effective Date and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Company or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Company, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 
 SECTION 1.y. Designated Lenders. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and each Lender at its option may make any Loan or issue any Letter of Credit, as applicable, or otherwise perform its obligations hereunder through any Lending Office (each, a 
 58 

Designated Lender provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay any Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Any Designated Lender shall be considered a Lender shall apply to such Affiliate or branch of such Lender to the same extent as such Lender provided that for the purposes only of voting in connection with any Loan Document, any participation by any Designated Lender in any outstanding Loan or Letter of Credit shall be deemed a participation of such Lender. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 Representations and Warranties 
 Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 SECTION 1.0a. Organization Powers Subsidiaries. Each of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required except where the failure to be so qualified, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 3.01 hereto identifies as of the Effective Date each Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, the percentage of issued and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock or other Equity Interests owned by the Company and the other Subsidiaries and, if such percentage is not 100 (excluding directors qualifying shares as required by law), a description of each class issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other Equity Interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued and outstanding and fully paid and nonassessable and all such shares and other equity interests indicated on Schedule 3.01 as owned by the Company or another Subsidiary are as of the Effective Date owned, beneficially and of record, by the Company or such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02 hereof. There are no outstanding commitments or other obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to issue, and no options, warrants or other rights of any Person to acquire, any shares of any class of capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Authorization Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Borrower s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required under applicable law, actions by equity holders. The Loan Documents to which each Borrower is a party have been duly executed and delivered by such Borrower and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts. The Transactions 
 (i)do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) those filings and recordings in connection with Liens granted to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, and (iii) consents, approvals, registrations, filings or other actions the failure to obtain or perform could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
 (ii)will not violate (i) any applicable law or regulation except where such violation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, or (iii) any order of any Governmental Authority binding upon the Company or such Subsidiary except where such violation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
 59 

(iii)will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material agreement or other material instrument binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, except where such violation or default could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and 
 (iv)will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change. 
 (i)The Company has heretofore furnished to the Lenders (or made available to the Lenders on the Securities and Exchange Commission s EDGAR web page) its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, audited by KPMG LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, certified by a Financial Officer. 
 Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 (ii)Since December 31, 2017, except as otherwise disclosed by the Company in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018, there has been no Material Adverse Change. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Properties. 
 (i)Each of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes. 
 (ii)Each of the Company and its Material Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Company and its Material Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters. 
 (i)There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 (ii)There are no labor controversies pending against or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) which could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 (iii)Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its Material Subsidiaries 
 (1) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, 
 60 

(2) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, 
 (3) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or 
 (4) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 
 (iv)Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Compliance with Laws and Agreements No Burdensome Restrictions. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is party or subject to any law, regulation, rule or order, or any obligation under any agreement or instrument, that has a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Investment Company Status. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, state income and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except 
 (i)Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or 
 (ii)to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.j. ERISA. 
 (a) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) As of the Effective Date neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries holds plan assets of any benefit plan investor (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
 SECTION 1.k. Disclosure. 
 (i)The Company has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, in each case, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contained, when furnished, any untrue statement of a fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of such preparation. 
 (ii)The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification most recently provided to each Lender, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 SECTION 1.l. No Default. No Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 61 

SECTION 1.m. Liens . There are no Liens on any of the real or personal properties of the Company or any Subsidiary except for Liens created by the Collateral Documents and except as otherwise permitted by Section 6.02. 
 SECTION 1.n. Contingent Obligations . Other than any liability incident to any litigation, arbitration or proceeding which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has no material contingent obligations not provided for or disclosed in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04. 
 SECTION 1.o. Regulation U. Margin stock (as defined in Regulation U) constitutes less than 25 of the value of those assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries which are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge, or other restriction hereunder. 
 SECTION 1.p. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to address compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, is not knowingly engaged in any activity that could reasonably be expected to result in such Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a Sanctioned Person. For purposes of the foregoing representation, the Company shall not be required to make any investigation into (i) the ownership of publicly traded stock or other publicly traded securities or (ii) the beneficial ownership of any collective investment fund. 
 SECTION 1.q. Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 ARTICLE 4 Conditions 
 SECTION 1.0a. Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 (i) Execution of Credit Agreement Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement, executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each Lender, (ii) for the account of each Lender requesting a Note, a Note executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrowers, and (iii) counterparts of the Subsidiary Guaranty, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Parties. 
 (ii) Legal Opinions of Counsel . The Administrative Agent shall have received favorable written opinions (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of (i) the chief legal officer of the Loan Parties, and (ii) Jones Day, special counsel for the Loan Parties, in each case covering such matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Company hereby requests such counsels to deliver such opinions. 
 (iii) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated the Effective Date, certifying as to (i) the organizational documents of each Loan Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by such Governmental Authority), (ii) the resolutions of the governing body of each Loan Party, (iii) the good standing, existence or its equivalent of each Loan Party, to the extent generally available in such jurisdiction, and (iv) the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party, all in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (iv) Reserved . 
 (v) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company as to the financial condition, solvency and related matters of the 
 62 

Company and its Subsidiaries, after giving effect to the initial borrowings under the Loan Documents and the other transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (vi) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying the following (x) all of the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects and (y) no Default has occurred and is then continuing. 
 (vii) Fees and Expenses . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all fees and expenses, if any, owing pursuant to the Fee Letter and hereunder, including, to the extent invoiced three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder. 
 (viii) Existing Indebtedness of the Loan Parties . All of the existing Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and its Subsidiaries owing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be repaid in full and all security interests related thereto shall be terminated on or prior to the Effective Date. 
 (ix) Existing Letters of Credit . Any Letters of Credit listed on Schedule 6.01 issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., shall be backstopped, replaced or cash collateralized. 
 (x) No Litigation. Except for the Disclosed Matters or as otherwise disclosed by the Company in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018, there shall have been no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters). 
 (xi) Consents . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all governmental, works council and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the Loan Documents have been obtained except where the failure to have so received or obtained the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (xii) Licensing Requirements . Each of the Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Lender shall have obtained all applicable licenses, consents, permits and approvals as deemed necessary by such Lender in order to execute and perform the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents except where the failure to have so received or obtained the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided that the Company shall have the right to substitute or remove any Lender not having any such license, consent, permit and or approval in order to cause the satisfaction of this condition. 
 (xiii) KYC Information . 
 (1) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made prior to the Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have provided to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act. 
 (2) Any Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have provided, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Borrower. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Article VIII, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the 
 63 

Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Effective Date specifying its objection thereto 
 SECTION 1.0b. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan, and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (i)The representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in this Agreement (other than the representation and warranty set forth in Section 3.04(b)) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable. 
 (ii)At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit the conversion of a Term SOFR Borrowing into an ABR Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.08(e) or the conversion of an ABR Borrowing to a Term SOFR Borrowing or the continuation of a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Foreign Currency Term Rate Borrowing if no Event of Default exists. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. The designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 is subject to the condition precedent that the Company or such proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Administrative Agent 
 (i)Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary, of resolutions of its Board of Directors or other governing body as applicable (and resolutions of other bodies, if any are deemed necessary by counsel for the Administrative Agent) approving the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and any other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party and such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of such Subsidiary 
 (ii)An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signature of the officers of such Subsidiary authorized to request Borrowings hereunder and sign the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Company or such Subsidiary 
 (iii)Opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, with respect to the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and such other matters as are reasonably requested by counsel to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
 (iv)Any information as shall be necessary for the Lenders to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act and 
 (v)Any promissory notes requested by any Lender, and any other instruments and documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 64 

ARTICLE 5 Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 1.0a. Financial Statements and Other Information. The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent 
 (i)as soon as practicable, and in any event no later than the earlier to occur of (x) the one-hundredth (100th) day after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, and (y) the fifth (5 th day after the date on which any of the following items are required to be delivered to the SEC, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by KPMG LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (ii)as soon as practicable, and in any event no later than the earlier to occur of (x) the fiftieth (50 th day after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, and (y) the fifth (5 th day after the date on which any of the following items are required to be delivered to the SEC, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such period or periods on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (iii)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above, a reasonably detailed business plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows) of the Company for such fiscal year 
 (iv)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations computing the Applicable Rate and demonstrating compliance with Sections 6.01(e), 6.01(f), 6.01(l), 6.04, 6.06 and 6.11, (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate, and (iv) updating Schedule 3.01 in accordance with the definitions of Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Guarantor 
 (v)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their examination of such financial statements of any Default (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting rules or guidelines) 
 (vi)promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Company to its shareholders generally, as the case may be 
 65 

(vii)promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (viii)promptly following any reasonable request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a), (b) and (f) of this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are filed for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System provided that the Company shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail and may also be included in the certificate delivered pursuant to clause (d) of this Section 5.01) the Administrative Agent of the filing of any such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every instance the Company shall be required to provide paper copies of the compliance certificates required by clause (d) of this Section 5.01 to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Notices of Material Events. The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt written notice of the following 
 (i)the occurrence of any Default 
 (ii)the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Company or any Affiliate thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (iii)the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding 5,000,000, and 
 (iv)any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Company setting forth in reasonable detail the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Existence Conduct of Business. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and business operations and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of the business of the Company and the Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Payment of Obligations. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Company or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Maintenance of Properties Insurance. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of the business of the Company and the Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 66 

SECTION 1.0f. Books and Records Inspection Rights. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Compliance with Laws. The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws) of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to address compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only for working capital, capital expenditures, Permitted Acquisitions, Restricted Payments and for other general corporate purposes of the Company and its Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and the Company shall have in place policies and procedures designed to address that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not knowingly use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or in a European Union member state in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts business or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Additional Subsidiary Documentation. As promptly as possible but in any event within thirty (30) days (in the case of a Domestic Subsidiary) or sixty (60) days (in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary) (or, in each case, such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after any Person becomes a Subsidiary or any Subsidiary qualifies independently as, or is designated by the Company as, a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor (including, without limitation, upon formation or designation of any Subsidiary that is a Delaware Divided LLC), the Company shall provide the Administrative Agent with written notice thereof setting forth information in reasonable detail describing the material assets of such Person and (a) shall cause each such Subsidiary which also qualifies or is designated by the Company as a Subsidiary Guarantor to deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly executed supplement to the Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to which such Subsidiary agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Subsidiary Guaranty, such supplement to be accompanied by appropriate corporate resolutions, other corporate documentation and legal opinions (unless the requirement to deliver such legal opinions is waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance in its discretion) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (b) shall cause the pledge of such Subsidiary s Equity Interests pursuant to Section 5.10 to the extent such Subsidiary, but for its status as an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, would otherwise qualify or be designated by the Company as a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 SECTION 1.j. Pledge Agreements. The Company shall execute or cause to be executed, by no later than sixty days (or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after the date on which any First Tier Foreign Subsidiary would, but for its status as an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, qualify or be designated by the Company as a Subsidiary Guarantor, a Pledge Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations with respect to the Applicable Pledge Percentage of all of the outstanding Equity Interests of such First Tier Foreign Subsidiary provided that (x) no such pledge of the Equity Interests of a First Tier Foreign Subsidiary shall be required hereunder to the extent such pledge is prohibited by applicable law or the 
 67 

Administrative Agent and its counsel reasonably determine that such pledge would not provide material Collateral for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations pursuant to legally binding, valid and enforceable Pledge Agreements and (y) no such pledge of the Equity Interests of Heidrick & Struggles (UK) Limited shall be required hereunder unless and until such pledge is required by the Administrative Agent. The Company further agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent all such Pledge Agreements and other Collateral Documents, together with appropriate corporate resolutions and other documentation (including legal opinions (unless the requirement to deliver such legal opinions is waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance in its discretion), the stock certificates representing the Equity Interests subject to such pledge, stock powers with respect thereto executed in blank, and such other documents as shall be reasonably requested to perfect the Lien of such pledge) in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and in a manner that the Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied that it has a first priority perfected pledge of or charge over the Collateral related thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that no Pledge Agreement in respect of the pledge of Equity Interests of a Foreign Subsidiary shall be required until the date that is sixty (60) days following the Effective Date (or such later date as is agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 ARTICLE 6 Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 1.0a. Indebtedness. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (i)Indebtedness created hereunder and under the other Loan Documents 
 (ii)Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 (iii)Indebtedness of the Company to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Company or any other Subsidiary provided that Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Loan Party shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.04(c) 
 (iv)Guarantees by the Company of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Company or any other Subsidiary 
 (v)Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e), shall not exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (vi)(i) Unsecured Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, and (ii) secured Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary, or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date that is assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition provided that, in each case, such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, or merging into the Company or a Subsidiary, and provided further that the total amount of Indebtedness permitted by clause (f)(ii) shall not exceed 35,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 68 

(vii)Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of (i) trade letters of credit, or (ii) bank guarantees granted in connection with business licenses and leases in the ordinary course of business 
 (viii)Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, performance bonds, surety, appeal or similar bonds and completion guarantees provided by the Company and the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (ix)Guarantees in the ordinary course of business by the Company or any Subsidiary of Indebtedness incurred by employees or prospective employees provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Guarantees permitted by this clause (i) shall not exceed 3,000,000 at any one time outstanding 
 (x)Indebtedness under Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.05 
 (xi)Unsecured Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in an original (or notional) aggregate principal amount not to exceed 200,000,000 (including extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof) provided that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately before or immediately after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, and (ii) the Company shall deliver a certificate from a Responsible Officer in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent confirming the foregoing and demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6.11 after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis and 
 (xii)Other unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 25,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Liens. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except 
 (i)Permitted Encumbrances 
 (ii)any Lien on any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 6.02 provided that 
 (1) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary and 
 (2) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof beyond the maximum commitments with respect thereto as in effect on the Effective Date 
 (iii)any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary, or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary after the Effective Date prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, or merges into the Company or a Subsidiary provided that 
 (1) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming, or merging into, a Subsidiary , as the case may be, 
 (2) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary and 
 (3) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes, or merges into, a Subsidiary, as the case may be and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 69 

(iv)Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Subsidiary provided that 
 (1) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, 
 (2) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, 
 (3) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 100 of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and 
 (4) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary 
 (v)Liens created by the Collateral Documents and 
 (vi)any Lien or right to set-off arising under articles 24 or 25 respectively of the general terms and conditions algemene voorwaarden of any member of the Dutch Bankers' Association Nederlandse Vereniging van Banken in favour of a lender or an affiliate of a lender 
 (vii)any Lien including any netting or set-off arising by operation of law as a result of the existence of a fiscal unity fiscale eenheid for Dutch tax purposes of which any Dutch Loan Party Subsidiary is or has been a member and 
 (viii)Liens not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02 so long as the aggregate principal amount of the obligations secured thereby subject to such Liens does not exceed 15,000,000. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Fundamental Changes. 
 (i)The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or any substantial part of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) (including, in each case any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (1) any Subsidiary may merge into the Company in a transaction in which the Company is the surviving corporation, 
 (2) any Subsidiary, or branch of the Company or a Subsidiary, may merge into, consolidate with, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) (including, in each case any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division) all or any substantial part of its assets, or all or substantially all of the Equity Interests to, any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, 
 (3) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose (including, in each case any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division) of its assets to the Company or to another Subsidiary and 
 (4) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Company determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Company and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders provided that any merger involving a Person that is not a Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 6.04. 
 70 

(ii)The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries on the date of execution of this Agreement and businesses reasonably related or strategically aligned thereto. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger or consolidation with any Person that was not a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger or consolidation) any capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any Person or any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit, except 
 (i)(i) Permitted Investments and (ii) so long as the aggregate outstanding amount thereof does not exceed 40,000,000 at any time, Permitted Two-Year Investments 
 (ii)loans, advances or investments existing on the Effective Date and listed on Schedule 6.04 
 (iii)loans, advances or capital contributions made by the Company in or to any Subsidiary and made by any Subsidiary in or to the Company or any other Subsidiary, provided that, unless constituting Permitted Foreign Reorganization Transfers, not more than 30,000,000 in loans, advances or capital contributions that are made by the Company or any Subsidiary Loan Party to a Person which is not a Subsidiary Loan Party may be outstanding at any time 
 (iv)Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 
 (v)investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (vi)Permitted Acquisitions 
 (vii)Guarantees by the Company and any Subsidiary of leases entered into in the ordinary course of business by any Subsidiary as lessee 
 (viii)extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable in the ordinary course of business 
 (ix)investments in payroll, travel, relocation and similar advances to employees and prospective employees to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business 
 (x)investments in or acquisitions of stock, obligations or securities received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business and owing to the Company or any Subsidiary or in satisfaction of judgments 
 (xi)investments in equity securities and rights to acquire equity securities acquired as part of fees charged to clients or otherwise in connection with the performance of services by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (xii)warrants, options and Equity Interests received by the Company or any Subsidiary as full or partial compensation for services rendered by the Company or any Subsidiary, all in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
 (xiii)deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business and Cash Pooling Arrangements 
 71 

(xiv)subject to the provisions of this Section 6.04(n), the Company may make investments in joint ventures, so long as (i) at the time of each such proposed investment no Event of Default has then occurred or is continuing or would arise after giving effect thereto, (ii) after giving pro forma effect to any such investment, the Company would be in compliance with Section 6.11, (iii) at any time when the Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such investment) no such investments shall be permitted pursuant to this Section 6.04(n), (iv) at any time when the Leverage Ratio is greater than or equal to 1.75 to 1.00 but less than 2.50 to 1.00 (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such investment) the aggregate amount of cash consideration for any investment made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n), when added to the aggregate amount of such cash consideration for all other investments made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n) in the same calendar year as the calendar year in which such investment occurs, shall not exceed 50,000,000, (v) at any time when the Leverage Ratio is less than 1.75 to 1.00 (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such investment) the aggregate amount of cash consideration for any investment made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n), when added to the aggregate amount of such cash consideration for all other investments made pursuant to this Section 6.04(n) in the same calendar year as the calendar year in which such investment occurs, shall not exceed 100,000,000 and (vi) Availability shall not be less than 25,000,000 after giving effect to any such investment and 
 (xv)investments under (i) Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.05, and (ii) Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions entered into in connection with Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and the performance of its obligations thereunder and 
 (xvi)other investments by the Company in an aggregate amount not exceeding 15,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this section, the amount of any investment at any time shall be the amount actually invested (measured at the time made), without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such investment, less any returns to the Company or Subsidiary, as applicable, in respect of such investment provided that the aggregate amount of such returns shall not exceed the original amount of such investment. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Swap Agreements. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate commercial (or operational) risks of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than risks in respect of Equity Interests or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into with respect to foreign currency transactions or in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment, or anticipated interest-bearing liability or investment, of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Restricted Payments. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except 
 (i)the Company may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, 
 (ii)Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to their Equity Interests, 
 (iii)the Company may make payments in respect of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including for the avoidance of doubt Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions related thereto) 
 (iv)for so long as the Company files a consolidated, combined or unitary income Tax return with its Subsidiaries, such Subsidiaries may make distributions to the Company to allow the Company to pay all federal, state and local income Taxes and franchise Taxes of Borrower and 
 (v)so long as (i) no Event of Default has then occurred or is continuing or would arise after giving effect thereto and (ii) Availability shall not be less than 25,000,000 after giving effect thereto, the 
 72 

Company may make Restricted Payments to the extent the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payments does not exceed 75,000,000 in any period of twelve consecutive months provided that the Company may make Restricted Payments in excess of 75,000,000, but not to exceed 100,000,000 in any period of twelve consecutive months, if after giving pro forma effect to any such Restricted Payment, the Leverage Ratio would not exceed 1.75 to 1.00. As used herein, Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate Commitments then in effect minus the aggregate Credit Exposures of all Lenders at such time. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above or elsewhere contained herein, the entry into (including any payments of premiums in connection therewith), performance of obligations under (including any payments of interest), and conversion, exercise, repurchase, redemption, settlement or early termination or cancellation of (whether in whole or in part and including by netting or set-off) (in each case, whether in cash, common or other securities or property), any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and any Permitted Warrant Transactions are not prohibited, limited or constrained hereunder. 
 SECTION 1.0g. Transactions with Affiliates. The Company will not, and will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except 
 (i)in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not materially less favorable to the Company or such Material Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, 
 (ii)transactions (i) between or among the Company and Subsidiary Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate or (ii) between or among Subsidiaries (none of whom are Subsidiary Loan Parties), 
 (iii)any Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01, 
 (iv)any transfer or other disposition permitted by Section 6.03, 
 (v)any investment permitted by Section 6.04, and 
 (vi)any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.06. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Restrictive Agreements. The Company will not, and will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon 
 (i)the ability of the Company or any Material Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or 
 (ii)the ability of any Material Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Company or any Material Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Company or any Material Subsidiary provided that 
 (1) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement, 
 (2) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the Effective Date identified on Schedule 6.08 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition (other than in connection with the extension of the maturity of any underlying Indebtedness which is otherwise permitted hereunder)), 
 73 

(3) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or an asset pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary or the asset that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, 
 (4) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, 
 (5) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof, and 
 (6) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in joint venture agreements executed in connection with investments permitted under Section 6.04. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Changes in Fiscal Year. The Company will not, and will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year from its present basis provided that any Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition may change its fiscal year to the fiscal year basis employed by the Company within one (1) year following such Permitted Acquisition so long as the Company delivers at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such change to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 1.j. Subordinated Indebtedness. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to enter into any amendment to any indenture, note or other agreement evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, or directly or indirectly voluntarily prepay, decrease or in substance decrease, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each case, in a manner prohibited by the subordination agreement applicable thereto. 
 SECTION 1.k. Financial Covenants. 
 SECTION 1.1.a. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the ratio (the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio ), determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after December 31, 2018 for the period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, of (i) Consolidated EBITDA minus Consolidated Capital Expenditures to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense plus or minus the non-cash components of Consolidated Interest Expense, such as non-cash interest expense relating to Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, all calculated for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, to be less than 3.50 to 1.00. 
 SECTION 1.1.b. Leverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the ratio (the Leverage Ratio ), determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after December 31, 2018, of (i) Consolidated Total Indebtedness to (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, to be greater than 3.00 to 1.00. 
 ARTICLE 7 Events of Default 
 If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (i)any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (ii)any Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other 
 74 

Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days 
 (iii)any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made 
 (iv)(i) any Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 5.01, 5.02, 5.03 (with respect to any Borrower s existence), 5.08, 5.09 or 5.10, in Article VI or in Article X, or (ii) any Loan Document shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect or is declared to be null and void, or the Company or any Subsidiary takes any action for the purpose of terminating, repudiating or rescinding any Loan Document or any of its obligations thereunder 
 (v)any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article or any other Loan Document), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) 
 (vi)the Company or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable 
 (vii)other than with respect to conversion of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any event or condition which occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness of the Company or any Material Subsidiary becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness 
 (viii)an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Company or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 (ix)the Company or any Material Subsidiary shall 
 (1) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, 
 (2) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, 
 (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, 
 75 

(4) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, 
 (5) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or 
 (6) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (x)the Company or any Material Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (xi)any Dutch Borrower or any other Dutch Subsidiary files a notice under Section 36 of the Dutch Tax Collection Act Invorderingswet 1990 or Section 60 of the Social Insurance Financing Act of the Netherlands Wet Financiering Sociale Verzekeringen in conjunction with Section 36 of the Tax Collection Act Invorderingswet 1990 
 (xii)one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) in excess of 20,000,000 shall be rendered against the Company or Material Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Company or such Material Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment 
 (xiii)an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, both (i) has an aggregate unreserved cost to the Company in excess of 20,000,000 and (ii) could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (xiv)a Change in Control shall occur 
 (xv)any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or the Company or any Subsidiary shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms) or 
 (xvi)any Collateral Document, once executed, shall for any reason fail to create a valid and perfected first priority security interest in any material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby, or any action shall be taken by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Subsidiary to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any Collateral Document 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times 
 (1) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and 
 (2) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers and in case of any event with respect to any Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Secured Obligations accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the 
 76 

Borrowers. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity. 
 Any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, such funds shall be applied ratably first , to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements including amounts then due to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks from any Borrower, second , to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from any Borrower, third , to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans ratably, fourth , to prepay principal on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and any other amounts owing with respect to Banking Services Obligations and Swap Obligations ratably, fifth , to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred five percent (105 of the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and the aggregate amount of any unpaid LC Disbursements, to be held as cash collateral for such Obligations, sixth , to the payment of any other Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by any Borrower, and thereafter, to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Obligations. 
 ARTICLE 8 The Administrative Agent 
 Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and neither the Borrowers nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (i)the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, 
 (ii)the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under the Bankruptcy Code or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of the Bankruptcy Code, and 
 77 

(iii)except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into 
 (1) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, 
 (2) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, 
 (3) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, 
 (4) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, 
 (5) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, or 
 (6) the creation, perfection or priority of any of the Liens on any of the Collateral or the existence of the Collateral. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Effective Date specifying its objections. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Banks and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the written consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default exists (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such 
 78 

appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by any Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as (and without duplication of) those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between such Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of Issuing Banks under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Banks, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and letters of credit and not investments in a business enterprise or securities. Each Lender further represents that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder. Each Lender shall, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Company and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder and in deciding whether or to the extent to which it will continue as a lender or assign or otherwise transfer its rights, interests and obligations hereunder. 
 Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents to which the Administrative Agent is from time to time a party and to take all action contemplated by such documents. Each Lender agrees that no Holder of Secured Obligations (other than the Administrative Agent) shall have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. 
 In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Holders of Secured Obligations any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Holders of Secured Obligations. 
 The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Administrative Agent upon any Collateral (i) as described in Section 9.02(d) (ii) as permitted by, but only in accordance with, the terms of the applicable Loan Document or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, unless such release is required to be approved by all of the Lenders hereunder. In addition, the Administrative Agent 
 79 

shall, and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent, to promptly release any Subsidiary Guarantor which becomes an Affected Foreign Subsidiary from the Subsidiary Guaranty provided that (i) nothing contained in this sentence shall relieve the Company or any Subsidiary from its obligations under Sections 5.09 or 5.10 and (ii) the Company and each applicable Subsidiary shall comply with Section 5.10. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant hereto. 
 Upon any sale or transfer of assets constituting Collateral which is expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document, or consented to in writing by the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as applicable, and upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written request by the Company to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations herein or pursuant hereto upon the Collateral that was sold or transferred provided, however, that (i) the Administrative Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Administrative Agent s opinion, would expose the Administrative Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Secured Obligations or any Liens upon (or obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of) all interests retained by the Company or any Subsidiary, including (without limitation) the proceeds of the sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. 
 None of the Lenders, if any, identified in this Agreement as an arranger, Syndication Agent or Documentation Agent shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the relevant Lenders in their capacity as an arranger, Syndication Agent or Documentation Agent, as applicable, as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in the preceding paragraph. 
 The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. The Administrative Agent shall have the exclusive right on behalf of the Lenders to enforce the payment of the principal of and interest on any Loan after the date such principal or interest has become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 Each Borrower, on its behalf and on behalf of its Subsidiaries, and each Lender, on its behalf and on the behalf of its affiliated Holders of Secured Obligations, hereby irrevocably constitute the Administrative Agent as the holder of an irrevocable power of attorney fond de pouvoir within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Qu bec) in order to hold hypothecs and security granted by each Borrower or any Subsidiary on property pursuant to the laws of the Province of Qu bec to secure obligations of any Borrower or any Subsidiary under any bond, debenture or similar title of indebtedness issued by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with this Agreement, and agree that the Administrative Agent may act as the bondholder and mandatary with respect to any bond, debenture or similar title of indebtedness that may be issued by any Borrower or any Subsidiary and pledged in favor of the Holders of Secured Obligations in connection with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 32 of the An Act respecting the special powers of legal persons (Qu bec), Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent may acquire and be the holder of any bond issued by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with this Agreement (i.e., the fond de pouvoir may acquire and hold the first bond issued under any deed of hypothec by any Borrower or any Subsidiary). 
 The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to execute and deliver any documents necessary or appropriate to create and perfect the rights of pledge for the benefit of the Holders of Secured Obligations including a right of pledge with respect to the entitlements to profits, the balance left after winding up and the voting rights of the Company as ultimate parent of any subsidiary of the Company which is organized under the laws of the Netherlands and the Equity Interests of which are pledged in connection herewith (a Dutch Pledge ). Without prejudice to the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree with the creation of parallel debt obligations of the Company or any relevant Subsidiary as will be described in any Dutch 
 80 

Pledge (the Parallel Debt ), including that any payment received by the Administrative Agent in respect of the Parallel Debt will - conditionally upon such payment not subsequently being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, preference, liquidation or similar laws of general application - be deemed a satisfaction of a pro rata portion of the corresponding amounts of the Secured Obligations, and any payment to the Holders of Secured Obligations in satisfaction of the Secured Obligations shall - conditionally upon such payment not subsequently being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, preference, liquidation or similar laws of general application - be deemed as satisfaction of the corresponding amount of the Parallel Debt. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, for purposes of a Dutch Pledge, any resignation by the Administrative Agent is not effective until its rights under the Parallel Debt are assigned to the successor Administrative Agent. 
 The parties hereto acknowledge and agree for the purposes of taking and ensuring the continuing validity of German law governed pledges Pfandrechte with the creation of parallel debt obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as will be further described in a separate German law governed parallel debt undertaking. The Administrative Agent shall (i) hold such parallel debt undertaking as fiduciary agent Treuh nder and (ii) administer and hold as fiduciary agent Treuh nder any pledge created under a German law governed Collateral Document which is created in favor of any Holder of Secured Obligations or transferred to any Holder of Secured Obligations due to its accessory nature Akzessoriet t ), in each case of (i) and (ii) in its own name and for the account of the Holders of Secured Obligations. Each Lender (on behalf of itself and its affiliated Holders of Secured Obligations) hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter as its agent Vertreter in its name and on its behalf into any German law governed Collateral Document, accept as its agent in its name and on its behalf any pledge or other creation of any accessory security right in relation to this Agreement and to agree to and execute on its behalf as its representative in its name and on its behalf any amendments, supplements and other alterations to any such Collateral Document and to release on behalf of any such Lender or Holder of Secured Obligations any such Collateral Document and any pledge created under any such Collateral Document in accordance with the provisions herein and or the provisions in any such Collateral Document. 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its respective Affiliates, and for the benefit of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s 
 81 

entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Agent Parties shall be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions of this Agreement relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (i) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or prospective Lender is a Disqualified Institution or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. 
 
 Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 
 ARTICLE 9 Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 1.0a. Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy or email in accordance with this Section 9.01, as follows 
 (1) if to any Borrower, to it at Willis Tower Suite 4900, 233 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention of the Treasurer, Email address mresac heidrick.com, with copies (in the case of a notice of Default) to the Attention of General Counsel, Email address Kcoar heidrick.com and to Jones Day, 77 West Wacker, Chicago, Illinois 60601, Attention of Margaret M. Seurynck, Telecopy (312) 782-8585, Email address mseurynck jonesday.com 
 (2) if to the Administrative Agent, (A) Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Anthony Kell, Telecopy No. (214) 290-9422, Email address anthony.w.kell baml.com with a 
 82 

copy to (which shall not constitute notice) Sidley Austin LLP, One South Dearborn St., Chicago, Illinois 60603, Attention of James A. Snyder, Telecopy No. (312) 853-7036, Email address james.snyder sidley.com, (B) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars, to Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com and (C) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Foreign Currencies, to Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com 
 (3) if to Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, to it at Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com 
 (4) if to the Swingline Lender, to Bank of America, N.A., Mail Code TX2-984-03-26, Building C, 2380 Performance Dr., Richardson, TX, 75082, Attention of Jenifer Ollek, Telecopy No. (214) 290-8374, Email address Jennifer.a.ollek baml.com and 
 (5) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address (or telecopy number or e-mail address) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by telecopy shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Electronic Systems, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (i)Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed to have been received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed to have been received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient and provided , however, that for clause (i) above, such email notice shall not be considered to have been given if the sender receives a rejection or bounceback notice. 
 (ii)Any party hereto may change its address, email address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 (iii) Electronic Systems . 
 (1) The Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications available to the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders by 
 83 

posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. 
 (2) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Communications through an Electronic System unless such damages are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 SECTION 1.0b. Waivers Amendments. 
 (i)No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (ii)Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall 
 (1) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, 
 (2) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except that any amendment or modification of the financial covenants in this Agreement (or defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement) shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), 
 (3) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, 
 (4) change Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, 
 84 

(5) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.24 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks), 
 (6) other than pursuant to a transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including actions by the Company as part of its tax planning which cause a Subsidiary Guarantor to become an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, to the extent such actions are expressly permitted by the Loan Documents), release all or substantially all of (A) the Collateral which is subject to the Loan Documents or (B) the Subsidiary Guarantors from their obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty, 
 (7) release the Company from its obligations under Article X or 
 (8) change the definition of Agreed Currencies , Agreed LC Currencies , Agreed Loan Currencies or Eligible Foreign Subsidiary . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 
 (iii)Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (x) to add one or more credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders. 
 (iv)The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of all the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Obligations, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Company certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), or (iii) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII. Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. 
 (v)If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Company may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) each Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the 
 85 

day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by such Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. 
 (vi)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrowers only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, as to any amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification otherwise approved in accordance with this Section, it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent or approval of any Lender that, upon giving effect to such amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification, would have no Commitment or outstanding Loans so long as such Lender receives payment in full of the principal of and interest accrued on each Loan made by, and all other amounts owing to, such Lender or accrued for the account of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents at the time such amendment, amendment and restatement or other modification becomes effective. 
 SECTION 1.0c. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 (i)The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one U.S. counsel and one local counsel in each applicable foreign jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks or Syndtrak) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Banks in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, (x) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or (y) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (ii)The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, each arranger and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (i) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of 
 86 

such Indemnitee or (ii) arise out of or result from claims of one or more Indemnitees against another Indemnitee and not involving any act or omission by the Company, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any of the foregoing s officers, directors or employees (other than any claim against an Indemnitee solely in its capacity as an arranger, Administrative Agent or similar role in connection with the Loan Documents or any related transactions contemplated hereby or intended use of the proceeds from any Credit Event). This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (iii)To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, any arranger or any Issuing Bank under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, and each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Company s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof) provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank in its capacity as such. 
 (iv)To the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), unless such damages are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct, and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (v)All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly not later than fifteen days after written demand therefor. 
 SECTION 1.0d. Successors and Assigns. 
 (1) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (2) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of 
 (A) the Company (provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof) provided , further , that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of 
 87 

Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee 
 (B) the Administrative Agent 
 (C) the Swingline Lender and 
 (D) the Issuing Banks 
 (1) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Commitments or Loans 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws and 
 (E) any assignment or transfer to or assumption by any Person of all or a portion of a Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments or Loans) with respect to a Dutch Borrower shall only be permitted if such Person is a Dutch Non-Public Lender. 
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, (d) a Disqualified Institution or 
 88 

(e) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof. 
 (2) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (3) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of each Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. This Section 9.04(b) shall be construed so that the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 165(j), 871(h)(2), 881(c)(2) and 4701 of the Code and within the meaning of Sections 5f.103-1(c) and 1.871-14(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. 
 (4) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e) or 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (D) the Borrowers shall have no obligation to directly or indirectly deal with the Participant. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any 
 89 

amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. This Section 9.05(c) shall be construed so that the Participations or other obligations under the Loan Documents are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 165(j), 871(h)(2), 881(c)(2) and 4701 of the Code and within the meaning of Sections 5f.103-1(c) and 1.871-14(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (e) Disqualified Institutions . 
 (i) No assignment shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified Institution as of the date (the Trade Date on which the applicable Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person (unless the Company has consented to such assignment as otherwise contemplated by this Section 9.04, in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Institution for the purpose of such assignment). Any assignment in violation of this clause (e)(i) shall not be void, but the other provisions of this clause (e) shall apply. 
 (ii) If any assignment is made to any Disqualified Institution without the Company s prior consent in violation of clause (i) above, the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Disqualified Institution and repay all obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Disqualified Institution in connection with such Commitment, and or (B) require such Disqualified Institution to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.04), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement and related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that 
 90 

such Disqualified Institution paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and other the other Loan Documents provided that (i) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in 9.04(b)(ii)(C) and (ii) such assignment does not conflict with applicable laws. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Institutions (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) (x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Institution will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Institutions consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation pursuant to insolvency or bankruptcy proceed Plan of Reorganization ), each Disqualified Institution party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Plan of Reorganization, (2) if such Disqualified Institution does vote on such Plan of Reorganization notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such Plan of Reorganization in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Company hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to (A) post the list of Disqualified Institutions provided by the Company (collectively, the DQ List on the Platform, including that portion of the Platform that is designated for public side Lenders or (B) provide the DQ List to each Lender requesting the same. 
 SECTION 1.0e. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 1.0f. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 91 

SECTION 1.0g. Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 1.0h. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor against any of and all of the Secured Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 
 SECTION 1.0i. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process. 
 (i)This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (ii)Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County, Borough of Manhattan and of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (iii)Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (iv)Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably designates and appoints the Company, as its authorized agent, to accept and acknowledge on its behalf, service of any and all process which may be served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City. The Company hereby represents, warrants and confirms that the Company has agreed to accept such appointment (and any similar appointment by a Subsidiary Guarantor which is a Foreign Subsidiary). Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable by each such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower until all Loans, all reimbursement obligations, interest thereon and all other amounts payable by such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof and such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have been terminated as a Borrower hereunder pursuant to Section 2.23. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City by service of process upon the Company as provided in this Section 9.09(d) provided that, to the extent lawful and possible, notice of said service upon such agent shall be mailed by registered or certified air mail, postage prepaid, return receipt 
 92 

requested, to the Company and (if applicable to) such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at its address set forth in the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement to which it is a party or to any other address of which such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have given written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy thereof to the Company). Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claim of error by reason of any such service in such manner and agrees that such service shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be taken and held to be valid and personal service upon and personal delivery to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. To the extent any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether from service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, execution or otherwise), each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the Loan Documents. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 1.j. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT , ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 1.k. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.l. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (1) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (2) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company relating to the Company or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its 
 93 

obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE COMPANY OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE COMPANY AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. 
 
 Each Loan Party and Affiliates thereof agree that they will not in the future issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, unless (and only to the extent that) such Loan Party or such Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event the Loan Parties or such Affiliate will consult with such Person to the extent practicable before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. 
 
 The Loan Parties consent to the publication by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of the Loan Parties. 
 
 SECTION 1.m. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 1.n. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information 
 94 

includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 1.o. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 (i)A Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii)Further, the Administrative Agent may (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to), upon the request of the Company, release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Subsidiary Guarantor no longer qualifies as (or would be designated as) a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (iii)At such time as the principal and interest on the Loans, all LC Disbursements, the fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents and the other Secured Obligations (other than Swap Obligations, Banking Services Obligations, and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) shall have been paid in full, the Commitments shall have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding, the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 
 SECTION 1.p. Attorney Representation. If a Dutch Borrower is represented by an attorney in connection with the signing and or execution of the Agreement and or any other Loan Document it is hereby expressly acknowledged and accepted by the parties to the Agreement and or any other Loan Document that the existence and extent of the attorney s authority and the effects of the attorney s exercise or purported exercise of his or her authority shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands. 
 SECTION 1.q. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 
 Solely to the extent any Lender or Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or Issuing Bank that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 95 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 SECTION 1.r. Electronic Execution. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank nor Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and or Swingline Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or any Lender Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank nor Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s, Issuing Bank s or Swingline Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 SECTION 1.s. Payments Set Aside. 
 To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is 
 96 

subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and Issuing Bank severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate (in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment), as applicable, from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and Issuing Banks under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 1.t. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Support QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Agreement or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (i)In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (ii)As used in this Section 9.20 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 97 

ARTICLE 10 Cross-Guarantee 
 In order to induce the Lenders to extend credit to the other Borrowers hereunder, but subject to the penultimate sentence of this Article X , each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the payment when and as due of the Secured Obligations. Each Borrower further agrees that the due and punctual payment of such Secured Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any such extension or renewal of any such Secured Obligation. 
 Each Borrower waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to any Borrower of any of the Secured Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of each Borrower hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Borrower under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise (b) any extension or renewal of any of the Secured Obligations (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or release from, any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, or any other Loan Document or agreement (d) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations (e) the failure of the Administrative Agent to take any steps to perfect and maintain any security interest in, or to preserve any rights to, any security or collateral for the Secured Obligations, if any (f) any change in the corporate, partnership or other existence, structure or ownership of any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Secured Obligations (g) the enforceability or validity of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Secured Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Secured Obligations, for any reason related to this Agreement, any Swap Agreement, any Banking Services Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Borrower or any other guarantor of the Secured Obligations, of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Secured Obligations or (h) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Borrower or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of such Borrower to subrogation. 
 Each Borrower further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Secured Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in favor of any Borrower or any other Person. 
 The obligations of each Borrower hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Secured Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Secured Obligations or otherwise. 
 Each Borrower further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and irrevocable guarantee of all Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Secured Obligation (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a holder of Secured Obligations in its discretion). 
 In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have at law or in equity against any Borrower by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any other Borrower to pay any Secured Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, 
 98 

each Borrower hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the Secured Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Each Borrower further agrees that if payment in respect of any Secured Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other Eurocurrency Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Secured Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in any material respect, then, at the election of the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall make payment of such Secured Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Equivalent Amount in effect on the date of payment) and or in New York, Chicago or such other Eurocurrency Payment Office as is designated by the Administrative Agent and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 
 Upon payment by any Borrower of any sums as provided above, all rights of such Borrower against any Borrower arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations owed by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders. 
 Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of any Borrower hereunder except the full performance and payment in cash of the Secured Obligations. 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article X to the contrary, no Foreign Subsidiary Borrower which is and remains an Affected Foreign Subsidiary shall be liable hereunder for any of the Loans made to, or any other Secured Obligation incurred solely by or on behalf of, the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor which is a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 The Company hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each Subsidiary Guarantor to honor all of its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty in respect of Specified Swap Obligations (provided, however, that the Company shall only be liable under this paragraph for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this paragraph or otherwise under this Article X voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The Company intends that this paragraph constitute, and this paragraph shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each Subsidiary Guarantor for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Remainder of Page is Intentionally Blank 
 99 

EXHIBIT B-1 
 
 FORM OF BORROWING REQUEST 
 
 TO Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 RE Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement), among Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 
 DATE Date 

The undersigned hereby requests (select one) 
 
 A Borrowing of Revolving Loans 
 
 Conversion of ABR Loans Term SOFR Loans Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans 
 
 Continuation of Revolving Loans 
 --- 
 
 1. On (the Credit Extension Date ). 
 
 2. In the outstanding 4 principal amount of in the following currency _______ . 
 
 3. Comprised of or converted to ABR Loans 
 Term SOFR Loans 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans 
 
 4. For Term SOFR Loans Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one three six twelve 5 months. 
 
 5. Borrower HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Heidrick & Struggles B.V. 
 ___________________________________, a ___________________ 
 
 6. Borrower Account Information 
 
 Bank ABA No. Account Name Account No. Ref. 

4 To be included for conversions or continuations. 
 5 Requires consent of each Lender. 
 
 CH 2065118.12 

The Borrowing requested herein complies with the clauses (i) and (ii) of the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Company hereby represents and warrants that the conditions specified in Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement shall be satisfied on and as of the date of the Credit Extension Date. 
 
 Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this notice by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this notice. 
 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 CH 2065118.12 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By 
 Name 
 Title 
 - 1 - 

EXHIBIT B-3 
 NOTICE OF LOAN PREPAYMENT 
 TO Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Swingline Lender 
 
 RE Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement), among Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (the Company ), the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent 
 
 DATE Date 

The Company hereby notifies the Administrative Agent that on _____________ 6 pursuant to the terms of Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement, the Company intends to prepay repay the following Loans as more specifically set forth below 
 
 Optional prepayment of Revolving Loans in the following principal amount(s) 
 
 ABR Loans 
 
 Term SOFR Loans 
 Applicable Interest Period 
 
 Foreign Currency Term Rate Loans 
 In the following Agreed Currency 
 Applicable Interest Period 
 
 Foreign Currency Daily Rate Loans 
 In the following Agreed Currency British Pounds Sterling 

Optional prepayment of Swingline Loans in the following amount 

This notice of prepayment is delivered in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.09 of the Credit Agreement and is to be deemed revoked immediately upon revocation of such notice of termination. 
 
 Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this notice by fax transmission or other electronic mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this notice. 
 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 6 Specify date of such prepayment. 
 - 1 - 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-21.01>
 4
 ex2101-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-21.01

Document 
 Exhibit 21.01 

SUBSIDIARIES OF HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 The following are subsidiaries of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 
 
 BEIJING HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTING COMPANY LIMITED, a China limited partnership (joint venture 90 ownership) 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES LEADERSHIP CONSULTING, LTD., a UK corporation 
 
 H&S HOLDINGS LIMITED, a Thailand corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES AB, a Sweden corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES AG, a Switzerland corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES ARGENTINA S.A., an Argentina corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES ASIA-PACIFIC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES AUSTRALIA PTY., LTD., an Australia corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES B.V., a Netherlands corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES CANADA, INC., a Canada corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (CAYMAN ISLANDS), INC., a Cayman Islands corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES CYPRUS LTD., a Cyprus corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES ESPANA, INC., an Illinois corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES FAR EAST LIMITED, a Hong Kong corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (GIBRALTAR) HOLDINGS LIMITED, a Gibraltar corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (GIBRALTAR) LIMITED, a Gibraltar corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES HOLDING B.V., a Netherlands corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES HOLDINGS C.V., a Netherlands limited partnership 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES HONG KONG, LTD., an Illinois corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES, INC., a Delaware corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED, an India corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES INTERNATIONAL S.R.L, an Italy corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES JAPAN GODO KAISHA, a Japan limited liability company 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES JAPAN, LTD., an Illinois corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (KOREA), INC., a Korea corporation 

Exhibit 21.01 

HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES LATIN AMERICA, INC., an Illinois corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (MIDDLE EAST) LTD., a Dubai corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (NZ) LIMITED, a New Zealand corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (RUSSIA) LLC, a Russia corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES S.A. de C.V., a Mexico corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES SINGAPORE PTE LTD., a Singapore corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES SP. ZO.O, a Poland corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (THAILAND), LTD., a Thailand corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (UK) FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED, a United Kingdom company 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (UK) LIMITED, a United Kingdom corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES UNTERNEHMENSBERATUNG GMBH & CO. KG, a Germany limited partnership 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES UNTERNEHMENSBERATUNG VERWALTUNG, GMBH, a Germany limited liability company 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES A S, a Denmark corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES IRELAND, LIMITED, an Ireland corporation 
 
 SENN-DELANEY LEADERSHIP CONSULTING GROUP, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES RECRUTAMENTO & CONSULTIVO HOLDING LTDA., a Brazilian corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES RDJ RECRUTAMENTO & CONSULTIVO LTDA., a Brazilian corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES RECRUTAMENTO ESPECIALIZADO LTDA., a Brazilian corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES CONSULTIVO LTDA., a Brazilian corporation 
 
 PRIME BLOCKER CORP, a Delaware Corporation 
 
 BUSINESS TALENT GROUP, LLC, a California limited liability company 
 
 BUSINESS TALENT GROUP EUROPE LTD., a United Kingdom corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES FINLAND HOLDING OY, a Finnish corporation 
 
 H&S GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK SEARCH AND CONSULTING LTD., an Israeli corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES HOLDING SWEDEN AB, a Swedish corporation 
 
 H&S FINLAND OY, a Finnish corporation 

Exhibit 21.01 

PRIMARY TALENT CONSULTANCY INC., a Cayman Islands corporation 
 
 PRIMARY TALENT CONSULTANCY LIMITED., a Hong Kong corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES (SHANGHAI) TALENT CONSULTING CO., LTD., a Chinese corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES SEARCH AND CONSULTING SAS, a Colombian corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK & STRUGGLES MIDDLE EAST LTD., a Saudi corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK AND STRUGGLES SOUTH AFRICA (PTY) LTD., a South African corporation 
 
 HEIDRICK AND STRUGGLES AFRICA (PTY) LTD., a South African corporation 
 
 BTG USA, INC., a Delaware corporation 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 5
 ex2301-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 
 Exhibit 23.01 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-239337, No. 333-225436, No. 333-181712, No. 333-147476, No. 333-130143, No. 333-82424, No. 333-58118, No. 333-32544, and No. 333-73443) on Form S-8 of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. of our reports dated February 27, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s RSM US LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex311-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Krishnan Rajagopalan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 s Krishnan Rajagopalan Krishnan Rajagopalan President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex312-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Mark R. Harris, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated February 27, 2023 s Mark R. Harris Mark R. Harris Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex321-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 s Krishnan Rajagopalan Krishnan Rajagopalan President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex322-hsiix20221231.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 s Mark R. Harris Mark R. Harris Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hsii-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hsii-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hsii-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hsii-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hsii-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

