<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1914023_0001213900-23-024676.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3831457</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>298677</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>788575</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>813539</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>950618</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>897389</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024676.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330163038
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024676
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acri Capital Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001914023
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				874328187
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41415
		FILM NUMBER:		23781109

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13284 POND SPRING RD
		STREET 2:		STE 405
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78729
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5126661277

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13284 POND SPRING RD
		STREET 2:		STE 405
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78729

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024676.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_acricapital.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock, one-half of one Warrant	 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At
June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value
of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 

The number of shares of the common stock of the
registrant outstanding as of March 28, 2023 was shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

ACRI
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

FORM
10-K 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk
 Factors 
 17 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 17 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 17 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 17 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 17 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 18 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 24 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 24 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 25 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other
 Information 
 25 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 25 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 26 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 34 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 36 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 38 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in
this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability
to complete our initial business combination; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
 of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

use
 of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial
 performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
laws. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, 
and our refer to Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation. 

Overview 

We
are a newly organized blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We have
not selected any Business Combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly
or indirectly, with any Business Combination target. We will not undertake our initial business combination with any company being based
in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our efforts to identify a potential
Business Combination target are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region. Although we intend to focus our search on
technology-enabled sectors in North America including but not limited to the e-commerce, financial services, educational technology services,
or health information service sectors, we are not required to complete our initial Business Combination with a business in these industries
and, as a result, we may pursue a Business Combination outside of these industries or out of North America (excluding China, Hong Kong
and Macau).Our ability to locate a potential target is subject to the uncertainties discussed in the registration statement on Form S-1
(File No.: 333-263477) (the S-1 ), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

On
February 4, 2022, our sponsor, Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor acquired 2,156,250 Class B common stock Founder Shares of for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. On June 14, 2022, we
consummated the initial public offering (the IPO of 8,625,000 units (the Units (including 1,125,000 Units
issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option). Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value
per share (the Public Shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each whole Public
Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock (the Class A common stock at an exercise
price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000 on June
14, 2022. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the sale of 5,240,000 private placement warrants (the
 Private Warrants , together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to our Sponsor at a purchase price of
 1.00 per Private Warrant (the Private Placement ), generating gross proceeds to the us of 5,240,000. The Private Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
Private Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination
except to permitted transferees. Following the closing of the IPO, 87,975,000 10.20 per Unit) from the proceeds of the sale of the
Units and the Private Warrants (the Trust Funds ), was held into a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account with Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting as trustee. 

The
Trust Funds include 2,587,500 payable to the underwriters (the deferred underwriting compensation pursuant to the underwriting
agreement dated June 9, 2022, entered among us and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ), the representative
(the Representative of the underwriters of the IPO. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement that are
held out of the Trust Account, although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating
a Business Combination and working capital. 

Since
our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We presently have
no revenue and have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs. We have relied upon the sale of our securities
and loans from the Sponsor and other parties to fund our operations. 

Charter
Amendment and Redemption 

On
February 8, we held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ), at which, our stockholders approved the
proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation Charter to amend the amount of monthly deposit
(each, a Monthly Extension Payment required to be deposited in the Trust Account from 0.0333 for each public share to
 0.0625 for each public share for up to nine (9) times if we have not consummated its initial business combination by March 14,
2023 (the nine (9) month anniversary of the closing of its initial public offering) (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). 

In
connection with the votes to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, 4,981,306 shares of Class A common stock were rendered for redemption. 

1 

Our
Strategy and Industries Overview 

Provided
that we will not undertake our initial Business Combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s
operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau), our efforts to identify a prospective target will not be limited to a particular
industry or geographic region, although we intend to initially focus our search on identifying a prospective target in the technology-enabled industries
in North America, namely within the geographic limits of the United States, Canada and Mexico. This geographic focus aligns well
with the professional backgrounds of our directors and officers, most of whom live or work within the United States and Canada and
have extensive professional networks and connections in these two countries. 

Our
objectives are to generate compelling attractive returns for our stockholders and to enhance value through top line growth and hands
on operational improvement for our potential target company. We believe our focus on technology-enabled companies, including but
not limited to companies applying emerging and disruptive technologies and processes like Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), artificial
intelligence, cloud computing, Internet of Things (IoTs) in a variety of service industries, particularly in the e-commerce, financial
services, ed-tech services and health information services industries that would benefit from access to our management s networks
and industry expertise. 

Our
strategy is informed by our experience and expertise in investing, managing, and operating technology-enabled companies across different
market segments and development stages. We have identified two areas of opportunities, which we identify as focal points :
technology focal points and sector focal points. 

Technology
Focal Points 

The
COVID-19 pandemic opened a new era of opportunities for technology start-ups and growth companies in service delivery for businesses
and individuals alike in a remote, digital environment. 

Among
a variety of emerging and disruptive technologies and related processes, our management has identified a few key focal points that may
generate significant investment opportunities in the next few years, including: 

Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) : The
technology industry witnesses the rise of Software-as-a-Services as a model of success for facilitating the digital transformation
of business practices and processes. Salesforces acquisition of Slack precipitated the shift from on-premise software solutions
to integrated software solutions SaaS 2.0 ). Saas 2.0 presents tremendous opportunities for providers that emphasize integration
capabilities with other platforms while maintaining security and scalability that define the success of SaaS providers. 

Artificial
Intelligence (AI) : The backbone of business process, supply chain, and customer service optimization and automation
lies at the integration of artificial intelligence into management solutions. This is particularly salient in the service industries
where a continued push for streamlined service process and predictive service analytics dominate the discourse for transforming industrial
landscape. In particular, as Forbes predicted, in 2022, industries like banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), healthcare,
communication, education and retails will benefit the most from AI-led business transformation. 

Cloud
Computing : Even before the COVID-19 pandemic, businesses had already shifted towards cloud-based solutions
and services. The COVID-19 pandemic only provided a new boost for the industry, with more businesses shifting their corporate infrastructures
to the cloud. In a report prepared by Fortune Business Insights, a research entity, the global market generated an additional 13.7 of
growth comparted with the average growth rate in the preceding three years, in large part due to the growing demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
as well as the advancement in artificial intelligence and machine learning. However, according to a report by market research firm Technavio,
the global cloud computing market is expected to generate a year-on-year growth rate of 20.37 from 2021 to 2025, and the North
American market is expected to contribute to 40 of the growth as its top and most mature market. 

Internet
of Things (IoTs) : The IoTs market is expected to generate significant growth in the next five years.
The growth in this market is attributed to the development of wireless network technologies, emergence of advanced data analytics, reduction
in cost for connecting devices, and increase in cloud computing offering. A BCC research report indicates that the global IoT market
will experience an annual growth rate of 27.6 over the next five years. In addition to its already successful track records in
the transportation, manufacturing and supply chain sectors, IoT s ability to optimize machine-to-machine connectivity has
great potential to unlock opportunities in a variety of sectors ranging from healthcare, retail, to telecommunication. 

2 

Sector
Focal Points 

Our
management brings a wealth of investment and management experience in tech-enabled businesses in industries ranging from education
to financial services. Our management also identified several focus sectors where opportunities lie: 

E-commerce : Technology-enabled solutions
play a significant role in the whole lifestyle of an e-commerce transaction. Technologies like artificial intelligence, machine
learning, big data, digital stores and augmented reality inform decisions from product design, inventory management, consumer behavior
analytics, targeted advertising, to social media strategies. As the retails and consumer good sector represents one of the fastest-growing vertical
sectors in adopting emerging and disruptive technologies, we expect continued opportunities for growth and early-stage companies. 

Financial
Services : The Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) sectors present one of the most vibrant industry
for integrating innovative technologies. In many ways, technologies can and do reshape the entire industry landscape for BFSI institutions,
from front business functions in customer acquisition, retention and services, to middle business functions in fraud detection, risk
management and security safeguards, to back business functions from in underwriting, loan processing and product management. According
to one estimate by Business Insider, artificial intelligence alone would contribute to 450 billion of opportunities for BFSI sectors
by 2023. 

Ed-tech Services : School
and workplace closure during the COVID-19 pandemic has fundamentally changed the prospect of the ed-tech industry, with administrators,
instructors, parents and students alike recognizing the importance of quality ed-tech platforms, programs and content. Government
initiatives have also cultivated a booming environment for ed-tech providers to thrive. The global demand for hardware and software
products, especially in the K-12 segment, would increase for 130 during the next five years, according to a Yahoo Finance article
published on January 25, 2022. It is therefore unsurprising that investment opportunities in this area also picked up significantly,
with TechCrunch, a leading news site for the VC industry, estimating that investments in the past two years equalled the aggregate amount
raised during the entire 2014 to 2019 period. 

Health
Information Services : Technology-enabled solutions from artificial intelligence, big data, natural language
processing and machine learning, have played an increasingly important role in supplementing and streamlining the delivery of medical
and healthcare services, supporting medical treatment functions ranging from reading and analyzing lab and imagining results, identifying
treatment options, to predicting COVID-related hospitalization needs, as well as providing hospital management, telehealth, health
informatics and analytics solutions. A January 2021 survey of leading industrial experts of some of the members of Forbes Technology
Council predict that medical testing and diagnosis and healthcare delivery will be two key areas of growth for AI technology. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Our
intent is to identify, acquire, and initiate a Business Combination with a target from various industries with the goal to build and
grow its business. We seek a potential target in which we believe can materially grow revenue and earnings through the efforts of a combined
management team following the completion of our initial Business Combination. We shall not undertake our initial Business Combination
with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Consistent
with our business strategies and objectives, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are helpful
and important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial Business Combination. While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines
in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see justification to do so. 

Strong
management Team. We seek to acquire those businesses with reasoned and strong managements having a track record of driving growth
and profitability; or having proposition of the businesses that may likely be well received by public investors. 

Growth
Potential. We seek target companies that have underexploited expansion opportunities. This expansion can be accomplished through
a combination of accelerating organic growth and finding attractive add-on acquisition targets. Our management team has significant experience
in identifying such targets and in helping target management assess the strategic and financial fit. Similarly, our management has the
expertise to assess the likely synergies and to help a target integrate acquisitions. 

Competitive
Advantage. Target companies that we seek will have significant competitive advantages and/or underexploited expansion opportunities
that can benefit from access to additional capital as well as our industry relationships and expertise. 

Benefit
from being a public company. We intend to only acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and which
can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

3 

This
list of criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Our management team evaluate and value potential targets on a case-by-case
basis. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination or acquisition may be based, to the extent
relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In
the event that we decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our stockholder communications, which as discussed
in the registration statement would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC. 

Permission
Required from the PRC Authorities for a Business Combination 

As
a Delaware corporation with no operations in China, we are not required to obtain permission from any Chinese authorities to operate
or to issue the securities being issued in the IPO to any investors, including Chinese investors, if any and we do not expect that permission
will be required from the Chinese authorities in connection our Business Combination since we will not undertake our initial Business
Combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including Hong Kong and
Macau). 

Initial
Business Combination 

Our
initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting discounts payable to our underwriters and taxes payable)
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), or an independent accounting firm with respect to the
satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such
opinion. 

We
shall not undertake our initial Business Combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s operations
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from undertaking our initial
Business Combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including Hong
Kong and Macau). 

The
net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants released to us from the Trust Account upon the closing of our initial Business
Combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial Business Combination.
If our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial Business Combination or used for redemption of our Public Shares,
we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including
for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

In
addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination to be
used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through
the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial Business
Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following consummation of the
IPO. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion
of our initial Business Combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect
to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our directors, officers, the Sponsor or affiliates
of each (the founders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination.
We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial Business Combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction
costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that, following the IPO and prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we are prohibited from issuing additional
securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our Public
Shares (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a Business Combination beyond the period that we are permitted to complete an initial Business
Combination (the Completion Period or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares. 

4 

Our
Acquisition Process 

We
utilize the diligence, rigor, and expertise of our managements respective platforms to evaluate potential targets strengths,
weaknesses, and opportunities to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential target for our initial Business Combination. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. Our management team is continuously made aware of potential investment opportunities, one or more of
which we may desire to pursue for a Business Combination. 

In
the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with, or which there is a fiduciary,
contractual or other obligation by, the Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, may obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent
accounting firm that the consideration to be paid by us in the initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial Business Combination, or we could raise
additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. 

Potential
Conflicts 

The
Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other
blank check companies, including in connection with their initial Business Combinations, prior to us completing our initial Business
Combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of the Sponsor or its affiliates or in their
other endeavors, may choose to present potential Business Combinations to the related entities described above, current or future entities
affiliated with or managed by the Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete
on a reasonable basis. 

Although
we do not believe any conflict currently exists between us and our founders may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If such
entities decide to pursue an opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunity. In addition, investment ideas generated
within our founders may be suitable for both us and for an affiliate of founders and may be directed to such entity rather than to us.
Neither our founders nor members of our management team who are also employed by or affiliated with our founders will have any obligation
to present us with any opportunity for a potential Business Combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member specifically
in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company. Our founders, in their capacities as employees or affiliates of our
founders or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential Business Combinations to future founders affiliates
or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present Business Combination opportunities to
such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which
is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our Business Combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our
company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us
to pursue. 

Our
officers or directors may become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, even before we enter into a definitive agreement regarding
our initial Business Combination or we have failed to complete our initial Business Combination within the Completion Period. 

For
more information on the foregoing conflicts of interest and the relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of
our management team, see the section titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest . 

5 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive Business Combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we
offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other Business Combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock
or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public
offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the
same extent in connection with a Business Combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed Business Combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business
would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders 
interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in
attracting talented employees. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds in the Trust Account available for a Business Combination initially in the amount of 74,250,000, after payment of 2,587,500 for
deferred underwriting discounts if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, in each case before fees and expenses
associated with our initial Business Combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event
for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing
its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our Business Combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a
combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing
and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to complete our initial
Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these
as the consideration to be paid in our initial Business Combination. We may seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a
company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous
risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt instruments, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our Business Combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital. 

6 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
Business Combination, and we may complete our initial Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the Trust Account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing
only simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. In the case of an initial Business Combination funded with assets
other than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the Business Combination would disclose
the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation
on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
in connection with our initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may
enter into following consummation of the IPO. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party
with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our founders or stockholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that, following the IPO and prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we are prohibited
from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as
a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a Business Combination beyond the Completion Period or (y) amend the foregoing
provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public
stockholders the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination. 

Ability
to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

If
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial Business Combination by March 14, 2023, we may, but are not
obligated to, if requested by the Sponsor or its affiliates, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to
nine (9) times by an additional one month each time for a total of up to 9 months until December 14, 2023 (the Paid
Extension Period ), affording the Company up to December 14, 2023 to complete our initial Business Combination (the
 Completion Period ). Public stockholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares if we
choose to make any such Paid Extension Period. Pursuant to the terms of our Charter and the trust agreement entered into between us
and our Trust Agent, in order to avail ourselves of the Paid Extension Period to consummate our initial Business Combination, the
Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the
Trust Account a Monthly Extension Payment of 227,730.875 0.0625 per share in either case), on or prior to the date of the
applicable deadline. Any Monthly Extension Payment would be made in the form of a loan. If we complete our initial Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In addition, such Monthly
Extension Payments may be convertible into Private Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant
at the option of the lender. If we do not complete a Business Combination, we will not repay such Monthly Extension
Payments. We intend to issue a press release announcing the deposit of funds promptly after such funds are deposited into the Trust
Account. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for us to
complete our initial Business Combination. Our public stockholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection
with any such paid extension. As a result, we may effect such Paid Extension Period even though a majority of our public
stockholders do not support such extension and will not be able to redeem their shares in connection therewith. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
expect to receive a number of transaction opportunities as a result of the business relationships, direct outreach, and deal sourcing
activities of our management team. In addition to this deal flow, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking firms, consultant s, accounting firms, private equity groups,
large business enterprises, and other market participants. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think
we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the final prospectus of our initial public offering,
filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2022 (File No. 333-263477, the Prospectus and know
what types of businesses we are targeting. Our founders, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business
candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they
may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. Some of our officers, directors, and advisors may enter into employment or
consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial Business Combination. The presence or absence of any such
fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. In no event will the Sponsor
or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting
fee, advisory fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers
or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination. We have
agreed to reimburse our founders for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business
Combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our founders
or advisors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our officers, directors or advisors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our founders
or advisors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is
a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. As more fully discussed in the section of this report
entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest , if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or
she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such Business Combination opportunity
to such entity prior to presenting such Business Combination opportunity to us. 

7 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete Business Combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial Business Combination in a
single industry. By completing our Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular
industry in which we operate after our initial Business Combination, and 

cause
us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our Business
Combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team or of our board, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our Business Combination,
it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our Business Combination. Moreover,
we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of
the particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our board of directors will remain with the combined company
will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. 

Following
a Business Combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent
management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional
managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial Business Combinations we may consider and whether
stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial Business Combination if, for example: 

we
issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; 

any
of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively
have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the
issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

8 

The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholders approval of a proposed Business Combination in those instances in which stockholder
approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will
be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: (i) the timing of the transaction,
including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder
approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;
(ii) the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; (iii) the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed Business
Combination; (iv) other time and budget constraints of the company; and (v) additional legal complexities of a proposed Business Combination
that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

In
the event we seek stockholder approval of our Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business
Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our founders, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination. However, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. 

None
of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they
are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record
holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event
that our founders, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have
already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem
their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer
rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the
purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with
such rules. 

The
purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of
obtaining stockholder approval of the Business Combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that
requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Business Combination, where it appears that
such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our Business Combination that may not otherwise have
been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
founders, advisors or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our founders, advisors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests
submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial Business Combination. To the extent
that our founders, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against the Business
Combination. Our founders, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the
Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our founders, advisors or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only
be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation
under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 under, the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with
in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our founders, advisors or their affiliates will not make purchases of
common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) of, or Rule 10b-5 under, the Exchange Act. 

9 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account was initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20
per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by deferred
underwriting discounts we will pay to the underwriters. Our founders, advisors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion
of our Business Combination. However, if our founders acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within
the Completion Period. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange
listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a Business Combination transaction
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed Business Combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required
to comply with such rules. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the
Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our Business Combination, we or our founders will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1
to purchase shares of our Public Shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our Public Shares through a tender offer, to comply
with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business
days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial Business Combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering
more than a specified number of Public Shares which are not purchased by our founders, which number will be based on the requirement
that we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 upon
consummation of our initial Business Combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the
agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we
will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial Business Combination. 

10 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial Business Combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial Business
Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. A quorum
for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing
a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our founders
will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in
favor of our initial Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial Business Combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition
to our founders Founder Shares, we would need 743,723, or 20.41 , of the 3,643,694 Public Shares sold in the IPO to be voted in
favor of a transaction in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less
than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our
initial Business Combination. 

These
quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our founders may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial
Business Combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote, do not vote or
abstain, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction, and irrespective of whether
they were a public stockholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption)
our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial Business Combination and after payment of the deferred
underwriting discounts (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. For example, the proposed Business
Combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for
working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the
terms of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination
or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public
stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. We believe this
restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their
ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase
their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public
stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such
holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit
the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our Business Combination, particularly
in connection with a Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote
all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Business Combination. 

11 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination in
the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our
tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the Business Combination if
we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the
relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their Public Shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their Business Combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
Business Combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed Business Combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the Business Combination was approved, the company would contact
such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had
an option window after the completion of the Business Combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the
company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders
were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the Business Combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the Business Combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our Public Shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our Business Combination. 

If
our initial Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a Business Combination with a different
target until the expiration of the Completion Period. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

The
Completion Period under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until March 14, 2023 to complete
our initial Business Combination, which may be extended up to nine (9) times by an additional one month each time until December 14,
2023, to complete a Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination by December 14, 2023, we may seek approval
from our stockholders holding no less than 65 or more of the votes to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation to extend the Completion Period to allow us additional time to complete our initial Business Combination; and provide our
public stockholder an opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in connection with such extension. If we fail to obtain approval from
our stockholders for such extension or we do not seek such extension, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire
worthless if we fail to complete our Business Combination within the Completion Period. 

12 

In addition, pursuant to the
terms of our Charter and the trust agreement entered into between us and Wilmington Trust, National Association dated June 9, 2022, if
we cannot complete a Business Combination by March 14, 2023, in order to effect the Paid Extension Period, the Sponsor, upon at least
five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account for each monthly extension 227,730.875 0.0625 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of 2,049,577.88 on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Our public
stockholders will not be afforded an opportunity to vote on effecting Paid Extension Period or redeem their shares in connection with
such extensions. The Sponsor or its affiliates or designees will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the
Monthly Extension Payments that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a Business Combination unless there are funds
available outside the Trust Account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial Business Combination solely
from funds available outside of the Trust Account or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our Business
Combination into additional Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the
Private Warrants upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such unit at the time of the consummation
of our initial Business Combination. In the event that we receive notice from our founders five days prior to the applicable deadline
of their intent to effect a Paid Extension Period, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior
to the applicable deadline. Our founders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time
for us to complete our initial Business Combination. Any notes issued pursuant to these loans would be in addition to any notes issued
pursuant to working capital loans made to us. 

Our
founders have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them
if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Completion Period. However, if our founders acquire Public Shares
in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if
we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Completion Period. 

Our
founders have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us dated June 9, 2022, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (i) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within
the Completion Period, or (ii) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon
approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares. However, we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible
assets will be at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial Business Combination and after payment of underwriters fees
and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is
exercised with respect to an excessive number of Public Shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described
above) we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our Public Shares. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 1,100,000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure
you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses
associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required
to pay taxes on interest income earned on the Trust Account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount
of up to 50,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust
Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the
claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our
plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable,
if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to
our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide
for all creditors claims. 

13 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit
of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of
fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver
or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. The Sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the
Trust Account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims We have not independently verified whether
the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. We have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the
Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account,
the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such
event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection
with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The Sponsor will also not
be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 1,100,000 from the proceeds of the IPO with which to pay any such potential
claims. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

14 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public
Shares in the event we do not complete our Business Combination within the Completion Period may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that
it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be
brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day
waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating
distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder,
and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event
we do not complete our Business Combination within the Completion Period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for
claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination within the Completion Period, we may seek approval from our stockholders
holding no less than 65 or more of the votes to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend
the Completion Period to allow us additional time to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to obtain approval from our
stockholders for such extension or we do not seek such extension, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes (less up to 50,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible
following if we cannot complete our initial Business Combination within the Completion Period and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by
them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust
Account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any
claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further, the Sponsor may be liable only to the extent
necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the
trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our Public Shares
if we do not complete our Business Combination within the Completion Period, subject to applicable law, (ii) (a) in connection with a
stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we have
not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Period, or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to
stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (iii) our completion of an initial Business Combination, and
then only in connection with those Public Shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
in the Prospectus. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In
the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination, a stockholder s voting in connection
with the Business Combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share
of the Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. 

15 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our Business Combination, we may encounter intense competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial,
technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us
for our initial Business Combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed
favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
an initial Business Combination. 

Facilities 

Our
executive offices are located at 13284 Pond Springs Rd, Ste 405, Austin, Texas 78729. We pay the Sponsor for the office space, as part
of the 10,000 per month payment we made to it for office space, utility, personnel and related services. This arrangement will terminate
upon the earlier of (a) completion of a Business Combination or (b) June 14, 2023 (twelve months after the completion of the IPO ). 

Employees 

Ms.
 Joy Yi Hua, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is currently our sole executive officer. She is not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but she intends to devote as much of their time as she deems necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time Ms. Hua will devote in any time period will
vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the stage of the initial Business
Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We
have filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our Business
Combination. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us
as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business
will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not
be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe
that this limitation will be material. 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal
control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us, the Sponsor or any members of our management
team in their capacity as such. 

16 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices
at 13284 Pond Springs Rd, Ste 405, Austin, Texas 78729. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise
available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal
proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
Units began to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol ACACU on June 10, 2022. The Class A Common
Stock and Warrants comprising the Units began separate trading on Nasdaq on August 1, 2022, under the symbols ACAC and
 ACACW , respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

At March 28, 2023, there were
1 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock, 1 holder of record of our Class B Common Stock, 1 holder of record of our Units, and
1 holder of record of our separately traded Warrants. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of Class A Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of an initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a Business Combination. The payment of any dividends
subsequent to a Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the sale of 5,240,000 Private Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00
per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 5,240,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except
that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [Reserved] 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

18 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Delaware corporation on January 7, 2022 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We are actively searching and identifying suitable
Business Combination target. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of our IPO and
the sale of Private Warrants in a Private Placement to the Sponsor, potential additional shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares
and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a Business Combination will be successful. 

On
June 14, 2022 the Company consummated the IPO of 8,625,000 Units (including 1,125,000 Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment
option). Each Unit consists of one Public Share, and one-half of one Public Warrant, each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000 on June 14, 2022. 

Recent
Developments 

Dismissal
and replacement of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

In
October, 2022, based on information provided by Friedman LLP Friedman ), the independent registered public accounting firm
of the Company, effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate as
an independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm through September 30, 2022. 

On
October 3, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board and the full Board approved the dismissal with Friedman and engagement of Marcum to
serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022. The services previously
provided by Friedman will now be provided by Marcum. 

Amendment
to the Letter Agreement 

On
November 18, 2022, the Company, the Sponsor, officers and directors of the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment to a certain letter agreement among the parties dated June 9, 2022 (the Original Agreement ), in order to correctly reflect
the transfer restriction on Founder Shares as set forth in the Prospectus. Pursuant to the Prospectus, the founders have agreed not to
transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier of (a) six months after the date of the consummation of the initial
Business Combination of the Company, (b) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar
transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of its public stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, or (c) the date on which the last reported sale price of Class A common
stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial Business Combination, or earlier, in any case, if, subsequent
to the initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. The Amendment
corrected the inconsistency in the Original Agreement with regards to the transfer restriction on the Founder Shares. Except the modification
stated above to correctly reflecting the transfer restriction on the Founder Shares as stated in the Prospectus, the Original Agreement
shall remain the same, binding and effective. 

Special
Shareholder Meeting 

On
February 8, the Company held the Special Meeting, at which the stockholders of the Company approved the proposal to amend Company s
Charter to amend the Monthly Extension Payment required to be deposited in the Trust Account from 0.0333 for each public share to 0.0625
for each public share for up to nine (9) times until December 14, 2023 if the Company has not consummated its initial business combination
by March 14, 2023. 

In
connection with the votes to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, 4,981,306 shares of Class A common stock of the Company were rendered
for redemption. 

First Extension 

On
March 12, 2023, an aggregate of 227,730.87 of Monthly Extension Payment was deposited into the Trust Account, representing 0.0625 per
public share, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month
from March 14, 2023 to April 14, 2023 (the Extension ). The Extension is the first of the nine one-month extensions permitted
under the Company s governing documents. 

In
connection with the Monthly Extension Payment, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note of 227,730.87 (the Extension Note to the Sponsor. 

19 

The
Extension Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be
prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the Extension Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert
the Extension Note, in whole or in part, respectively, into Private Warrants of the Company, as described in the Prospectus, by providing
the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two business days prior to the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination. The number of Private Warrants to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion shall be
an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) 1.00. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date except the preparation and completion of the IPO
and search for target candidate following the consummation of the IPO. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of our initial Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable
securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing,
a Business Combination. 

For the period from January
7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 217,224, mainly from income on our investment less our formation
and operating costs and tax expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through initial payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 and proceeds
from the Private Placement. 

On
June 14, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 8,625,000 Public Units at a price of 10.00 per unit (including 1,125,000 units issued upon
the fully exercise of the over-allotment option), generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO
and exercise of the over-allotment option in full by the underwriters, we consummated the sale of 5,240,000 warrants as Private Warrants,
at a price of 1.00 per warrant, with each warrant entitling the registered holder to purchase one share of the Company s Class
A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, generating gross proceeds of 5,240,000. Following the closings of the IPO and the sales
of the Private Warrants on June 14, 2022, a total of 87,975,000 (or 10.20 per share) was placed in the Trust Account. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had cash of 547,478 and a working capital of 630,499 (excluding taxes payable which will be paid out from Trust). 

In connection with the
votes to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, 4,981,306 shares of Class A common stock of the Company were rendered for
redemption at 10.33 per share, resulting approximately 38.0 million remaining in the Trust Account as of February 28, 2022. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account, excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account
to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business
Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We
intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate
and complete a Business Combination. 

20 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an
affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If
the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrant, at a price of
 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial
Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we
become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may
issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

In
addition, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until March 14, 2023 to complete
the initial Business Combination, which may be extended up to nine (9) times by an additional one month each time until December 14,
2023. On February 8, 2023 we held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special
Meeting, the stockholders of the Company approved the proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation Charter to amend the amount of monthly deposit (each, a Monthly Extension Payment required to be
deposited in the trust account (the Trust Account from 0.0333 for each public share to 0.0625 for each public share
for up to nine (9) times if we have not consummated the initial business combination by March 14, 2023 (the nine
(9) month anniversary of the closing of its initial public offering) (the Extension Amendment Proposal Upon the
stockholders approval, on February 9, 2023, we filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon
filing. On March 12, 2023, an aggregate of 227,730.87 was deposited into the trust account for the public shareholders,
representing 0.0625 per public share, which enables us to extend the period of time we have to consummate the initial business
combination by one month from March 14, 2023 to April 14, 2023 (the Extension ). The Extension is the first of the nine
one-month extensions permitted under our governing documents. 

In
connection with the Monthly Extension Payment, we issued an unsecured promissory note of 227,730.87 (the Note to our Sponsor.
The Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the
Company s initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid
at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole
or in part, respectively, into private placement warrants (the Warrants of the Company, as described in the prospectus
of the Company (File Number 333-263477), by providing the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two
business days prior to the closing of the Company s initial business combination. The number of Warrants to be received by the holder
in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to
the holder, by (y) 1.00. 

If
we are unable to complete a Business Combination by December 14, 2023, we may seek approval from our stockholders holding no less than
65 or more of the votes to approve to extend the Completion Period, if we fail to obtain approval from our stockholders for such extension
or we do not seek such extension, the Company will cease all operations. 

As a result, management has
determined that such additional condition also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

21 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arraignments 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, the Private Warrants, and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and
any underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection
with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

In preparing the financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting
period. 

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, actual results may differ from
these estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies and estimates: 

Investments
held in Trust Account 

At December 31, 2022,
 89,140,977 of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which are invested in short term U.S. Treasury securities. 

The
Company classifies its U.S. Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 320 Investments Debt and Equity
Securities. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity.
Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheet and adjusted for the amortization
or accretion of premiums or discounts. 

Offering
Costs 

The
Company complies with the requirements of ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs SEC Materials ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering . Offering costs consisting
principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to shareholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

22 

Warrants 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and
ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, whether they meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements
for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common stock and whether
the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of equity at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants
are required to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. We determined
that upon further review of the proposed form of warrant agreement, management concluded that the warrants included in the units issued
in the IPO pursuant to the warrant agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment 

Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

The Company accounts for its
common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s Public Shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
as of December 31, 2022, common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value of 10.30 per share as temporary
equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional
paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

The Company complies with
accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to
both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the
redeemable common stock and non-redeemable common stock and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less
any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares
outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable common stock. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the common
stock subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
the Company s financial statement 

23 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

In
October 2022, we were informed by Friedman, the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, effective September 1,
2022, Friedman combined with Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman continued
to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm through September 30, 2022. On October 3, 2022, our Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors approved the dismissal with Friedman and engagement of Marcum to serve as the independent registered
public accounting firm of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022. The services previously provided by Friedman will now be
provided by Marcum. 

The
Company was incorporated on January 7, 2022 (the inception ). Therefore, since its inception, the Company has not filed
any annual reports on Form 10-K and Friedman has not conducted any audit on the Company s consolidated financial statements for
any fiscal year, except that: (i) it has issued a report (the IPO Offering Report for the audited financial statements
for the period from inception through February 15, 2022 in connection with the initial public offering of the Company (collectively,
the Interim Financial Statements (ii) it has issued a report (the IPO Closing Report on the Company s
balance sheet as of June 14, 2022 and the related notes (collectively, the IPO Closing Financial Statements in connection
with the closing of the initial public offering of the Company. Other than the foregoing, Friedman has not issued any audit report since
incorporation, nor has it provided any adverse opinion, disclaimer of opinion, or report qualified or modified with uncertainty, audit
scope or accounting principle, except that it has expressed uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
in its IPO Report. 

Additionally,
Friedman s IPO Offering Report and IPO Closing Report did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not
qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that the audit report on the Interim Financial
Statements of the Company contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Since
the Company s inception and during such interim period through September 30, 2022, there were no disagreements with Friedman on
any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would have caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements
in connection with its reports on the Company s consolidated financial statements for such periods. Also, during this time, there
were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and through September 30, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted with
Marcum regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed or the type
of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was
provided to the Company that Marcum concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting,
auditing, or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, or a reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

The
Company provided Friedman with a copy of the above disclosures it is making in response to Item 304(a). We have requested and received
from Friedman a letter, dated October 4, 2022, addressed to the SEC stating whether Friedman agrees with the above statements. 

24 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer (who
also serves as our chief financial officer) (our Certifying Officer ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that, have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as
an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

25 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Joy 
 Yi Hua 
 
 47 
 
 Chairwoman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 James
 Jim C. Hardin Jr. 
 
 43 
 
 Director 
 
 Edmund
 R. Miller 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Andrew
 Pierce 
 
 36 
 
 Director 

Ms.
 Joy Yi Hua is our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairwoman. Ms. Hua has over 18 years of
experience in investment management, hedge fund, private equity and real estate investment around the world. Since June 2016, Ms. Hua
has served as the Managing Director of Serene View Capital LLC, an investment management and consulting firm. In June 2018, Ms. Hua founded
Cohere Education LLC, an online education start-up engaged in the distribution of STEAM curriculum and programs to K-12 and college students
in the U.S. and China. Before that, Ms. Hua co-founded and served as the Chief Operating Officer for MeshImpact LLC for the period between
July 2016 and December 2018, overseeing financial and strategic planning for the consulting firm providing data analytics and machine
learning solutions. Earlier in her career, Ms. Hua worked for CornerStone Parnters LLC for 8 years from 2008 to 2016 where she managed
private equity and real assets portfolios of over 3 billion US dollars for 12 non-profit clients. Ms. Hua started her investment career
at UVIMCO, the organization that manages the University of Virginia s 14.5 billion endowment, from 2004 to 2008. Ms. Hua received
her MBA from the University of Texas at Austin in 2003, and a B.A. in Economics from Shanghai University of Finance Economics in
1997. She has been a CFA charter holder since 2004. 

Mr.
James Jim C. Hardin Jr. has served as independent director since June 9, 2022. Mr. Hardin has 20 years of experience
in direct investments, co-investments, and fund investments in multiple private and public asset classes, sectors, and countries. He
has particular investing experience in healthcare, fintech (bank software, payments), and community banks. He is currently an investment
banker affiliated with Deer Isle Group, LLC and The Sponsor Fund Partners LLC. On the advisory side through Deer Isle Group, LLC, Mr.
Hardin works with clients as a fractional general partner which is similar to a fractional strategic CFO role where he
provides senior bandwidth to private equity general partners to support transaction execution and capital raising. Prior to partnering
with Deer Isle, Mr. Hardin founded a technology-enabled service company for the lower middle market private equity ecosystem between
2014 and 2020, led private equity investing at full-service outsourced investment firm and Duke University-spinout Global Endowment Management
(now 12B AUM) between 2009 and 2013, acquired and exited a point of sale payments company between 2009 and 2017, and co-managed a healthcare
portfolio at the multi-strategy hedge fund Farallon Capital Management/Noonday (now 35B AUM) between 2004 and 2008. Mr. Hardin has also
been a director of Affirmative Technologies, a provider of electronic payment risk management and fraud detection software, since 2018.
Mr. Hardin has also been the President of Fund Investor Toolkit, LLC, a consulting service, since 2014. Mr. Hardin graduated cum laude
in Economics (AB) from Harvard College. 

Mr.
Edmund R. Miller has served as independent director since June 9, 2022. Mr. Miller is a Senior Managing Director of Pan American
Finance, LLC, an investment advisory firm where he has held this position since 2012. He has extensive private equity investment, fundraising
and Telecommunication, Media, Technology (TMT) experience. From 2002 to 2011, he was the Managing Director at Parmenter Realty
Partners where he was in charge of all aspects of documenting and raising their second, third, and fourth institutional funds. Earlier
in his career, from 1984 to 1996, Mr. Miller was co-manager of the largest Caribbean Basin and Latin American coverage team for Goldman
Sachs, based in Miami. From 1996 to 1999, he managed a high yield fund for a large Latin American bank, managed a hedge fund, and was
a founder and led the initial investment round in Answerthink (now known as The Hackett Group, NASDAQ: HCKT), an information technology
consulting company. Mr. Miller was the co-founder of Interprise Technology Partners, a 110 million technology venture fund which made
seven lead investments between 1999 and 2002. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs in 1984, Mr. Miller worked for Price Waterhouse in New York
City in international tax for 4 years. He is a graduate of the University of Florida Warrington College of Business and the Levin College
of Law. Mr. Miller was previously certified as a CPA and was a member of the New York Bar. 

Mr.
Andrew Pierce has served as independent director since June 9, 2022. Mr. Pierce has more than a decade of experience in everything
from data center auditing and IT support, to building world-class software and leading teams of engineers. Since 2014, Mr. Pierce has
led the Platform Applications team for BlackSky Technology Inc. (NYSE: BKSY), a leading provider of real-time geospatial intelligence
and global monitoring services, and has helped grow it from a 1M ARR startup into a publicly-traded powerhouse valued at over 1B on
opening day. Prior to BlackSky, Mr. Pierce served as the Engineering Manager of Thermopylae Science and Technology s iSpatial platform.
He is also the founder and owner of Banana Stand Technologies, Inc., a company engaged in web3 consulting services. From
2009 to 2010, he was on the team that built FederalReporting.gov, the system responsible for tracking the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act (ARRA) stimulus spending. He graduated with a B.S. in Computer Science and a B.A. in Japanese Studies from the College of William
and Mary in 2009, and has spent time abroad living and working in Japan. 

26 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. James Jim C. Hardin
Jr., Edmund R. Miller and Andrew Pierce are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our audit committee is entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable
to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are
present. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Audit
Committee 

Since
our IPO, we have an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. James Jim C. Hardin Jr., Edmund R. Miller and
Andrew Pierce serve as members of our audit committee, with James Jim C. Hardin Jr. serving as the Chairman of the audit
committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee,
all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard
under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that James Jim C. Hardin
Jr. qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered
public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm
engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal
quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or
peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years
respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

27 

Compensation
Committee 

Since
our IPO, we have a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. James Jim C. Hardin Jr., Edmund R. Miller
and Andrew Pierce serve as members of our compensation committee, with Andrew Pierce serving as the chairman of the compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard
under Nasdaq listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or
other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a Business Combination although we may consider cash or
other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial
Business Combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the compensation committee
will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such
initial Business Combination. 

The
current charter of the compensation committee also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain
the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation
and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external
legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors
required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

28 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq Rules, a majority of the independent
directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent
directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation
of a standing nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

The
Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other
blank check companies, including in connection with their initial Business Combinations, prior to us completing our initial Business
Combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of the Sponsor or its affiliates or in their
other endeavors, may choose to present potential Business Combinations to the related entities described above, current or future entities
affiliated with or managed by the Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete
on a reasonable basis. 

Although
we do not believe any conflict currently exists between us and our founders or affiliates of our founders may compete with us for acquisition
opportunities. If such entities decide to pursue an opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunity. In addition, investment
ideas generated within our founders may be suitable for both us and for an affiliate of founders and may be directed to such entity rather
than to us. Neither our founders nor members of our management team who are also employed by or affiliated with our founders will have
any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential Business Combination of which they become aware, unless presented to
such member specifically in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company. Our founders and/or our management team, in
their capacities as employees or affiliates of our founders or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential Business
Combinations to future founders affiliates or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present Business Combination opportunities to
such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which
is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or
her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our Business Combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to
any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

Our
officers or directors may become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, even before we enter into a definitive
agreement regarding our initial Business Combination or we have failed to complete our initial Business Combination within the Completion
Period. 

29 

Our
founders may also purchase public units or shares during or after the IPO, including in the open market or through privately negotiated
transactions. 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

Our
officers may become an officer or director of any other SPACs even before we enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial
Business Combination or we have failed to complete our initial Business Combination within the Completion Period; as a result, our officers
or directors may present a potential target to our competitor that would had been presented to us or devote time to our affairs which
may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. 

In
the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which
may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
founders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection
with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Additionally, our founders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to any Founder Shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within the Completion Period. If
we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Warrants
held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, and the Private Warrants will be worthless. With
certain limited exceptions, our founder may not transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier of: (A) six months
after the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination, (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial Business Combination that results in all of our public stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, or (C) the date on which the last reported
sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial Business Combination,
or earlier, in any case, if, subsequent to our initial Business Combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities
or other property With certain limited exceptions, the Private Warrants and the underlying securities, the working capital warrants that
may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (including extension notes) and the underlying securities, will not be transferable,
assignable or salable by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination.
Since our founders may directly or indirectly own Founder Shares and Private Warrants following the IPO, our founders may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial Business
Combination. 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial Business Combination. 

Our
founders may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a Business Combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain
loans from our founders or an affiliate of our founders to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business
Combination. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. Such working capital warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants sold in the Private Placement. 

The
Company has agreed, commencing on the effective date of the prospectus, to pay sponsor the monthly fee of an aggregate of 10,000 for
office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. This arrangement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) completion
of a Business Combination or (b) June 14, 2023 (twelve months after the completion of the IPO). 

30 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer
is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations: 

Individual (1) 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Joy 
 Yi Hua 
 
 Acri
 Capital Sponsor LLC 
 Serene View Capital LLC 
 
 Holding
 Company 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Manager 
 Managing Director 
 
 James
 Jim 
C. Hardin Jr. 
 
 Fund
 Investor Toolkit, LLC 
 Deer Isle Group, LLC 
 Sponsor Fund Partners LLC 
 Affirmative Technologies LLC 
 
 Consulting 
 Investment Bank 
 Investment Fund 
 Software Solution 
 
 President 
 Independent Contractor 
 Managing Member 
 Director 
 
 Edmund
 R. Miller 
 
 Pan
 American Finance, LLC 
 
 Investment
 Bank 
 
 Senior
 Managing Director, Investment Banking 
 
 Andrew
 Pierce 
 
 BlackSky
 Technology Inc. 
 Banana Stand Technologies, LLC 
 
 Geospatial
 Technology 
 Computer Science 
 
 Manager 
 Owner 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our founders or any affiliate
of them, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with such a company,
we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of
FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial Business Combination to our stockholders for a vote, our founders have agreed to vote any Founder
Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial Business Combination and our
officers and directors have also agreed to vote any Public Shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial Business
Combination. 

31 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during
2022, our directors, executive officers, and ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. We have entered in to offer letters with our independent directors, pursuant to which each of our independent
directors will receive cash compensation, be reimbursed all reasonable travel expenses incurred in connection with the attendance at
meetings of the board, and receive indemnification as a director of the Company to the maximum extent extended to directors of the Company
generally. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

Each
of our independent directors has received cash compensation of 60,000 among which (i) 20,000 was paid upon the closing of the IPO;
(2) 20,000 was paid upon the completion of the three-month period after the closing of the IPO; and (3) 20,000 was paid upon completion
of the six-month period after the closing of the IPO. Pursuant to the offer letters entered into by our independent directors and the
Company, the remaining 20,000 cash compensation will be payable upon the closing of our initial Business Combination. Other than as
set forth in the Prospectus and this report, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid
to our founders or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial
Business Combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to
be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination. In addition, our officers, directors or any of their
respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as
identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our founders or their affiliates. 

Following
a Business Combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management
team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers
will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

32 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this report by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all
our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 (Class A 
 Common 
 Stock) 
 Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 (Class B 
 Common 
 Stock) 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of All Outstanding Common Stock 
 (inclusive of 
 Class A 
 Common 
 Stock and 
 Class B 
 Common 
 Stock) 
 
 Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (2) 
 0 
 2,156,250 
 37.18 
 
 Joy Yi Hua (3) 
 0 
 2,156,250 
 37.18 
 
 All executive officers, and directors as a group 
 0 
 2,156,250 
 37.18 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation, 13284
Pond Springs Rd, Ste 405, Austin, Texas 78729. 

(2) Acri
Capital Sponsor LLC, the Sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Joy Yi Hua, our CEO, CFO and
Chairwoman, is the sole manager and member of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Ms. Hua may be deemed to have beneficial ownership
of the securities held of record by the Sponsor. 

(3) Interests
shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Founder Shares are convertible into shares of Class
A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section of the Prospectus entitled Description
of Securities . 

33 

The
Founder Shares and Private Warrants and working capital warrants are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions
in a letter agreement with us to be entered into by our founders. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not
transferable or saleable. Our founders have agreed, subject to certain exception, (i) in the case of Founder Shares, not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier of: (A) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial
Business Combination, (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after
our initial Business Combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property, and (C) the date on which the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial Business Combination, and (ii) in the case of Private Warrants,
and any warrants may be issued upon the conversion of the working capital loans, or working capital warrants , until 30 days
after the completion of our initial Business Combination, except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or
family members of any of our officers or directors, any affiliate of our founders, any members of our founders, or any of their affiliates,
direct and indirect equity holders, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family,
to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable
organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in
the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection
with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased;
(f) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination; or (g) by virtue of the laws
of Delaware or our founders limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our founders, provided, however, that in the
case of clauses (a) through (e), or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be
bound by these transfer restrictions. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder
Shares and Private Warrants 

On
February 4, 2022, the Sponsor acquired 2,156,250 Founder Shares of for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.01
per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 2,156,250 Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

The
number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the number of
Class A common stock and Class B common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO. 

The Founder Shares are identical
to the Public Shares. However, the founders have agreed (A) to vote their Founder Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination,
(B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, prior to and unrelated to an initial Business Combination, an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s redemption obligation
to redeem all Public Shares if the Company cannot complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (As defined below),
unless the Company provides public stockholders an opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment, (C)
not to redeem any shares, including Founder Shares and Public Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve the Company s proposed initial Business Combination or sell any shares to us in any tender offer
in connection with the Company s proposed initial Business Combination, and (D) that the Founder Shares shall not participate in
any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. 

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the IPO on June 14, 2022, the Company completed the sale of 5,240,000 Private Warrants to the Sponsor
at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 5,240,000. Private Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Private Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination except to permitted transferees. 

As
more fully discussed in the section of the Prospectus entitled Management Conflicts of Interest , if any
of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such Business Combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such Business Combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to other entities that may take priority over their duties to us. Other
than as set forth elsewhere in this report, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to
our founders, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial
Business Combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to
be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination. In addition, these individuals will be reimbursed for
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to
our founders, advisors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our
behalf. 

34 

Promissory
Note 

On
January 20, 2022, the Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to 500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This
loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) January 20, 2023 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates
its IPO of its securities. The Company has an outstanding loan balance of 316,827 on June 14, 2022 after the IPO and the outstanding
balance was repaid on June 21, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was no loan balance outstanding. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the founders may, but are
not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay
such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be converted upon consummation of the Company s Business Combination into Warrants at a price
of 1.00 per warrant. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the
Trust Account, and only to the extent available. Such Private Warrant converted from loan would be identical to the Private Warrants
sold in the Private Placement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 

Others 

After
our initial Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial
Business Combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the Private Warrants sold in the Private Placement and the Founder
Shares. 

RELATED
PARTY POLICY 

We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any
indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics that was filed as an exhibit to the S-1
was adopted prior to the consummation of the IPO. 

In
addition, our audit committee is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into
such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will
constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to
approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee that was filed as an exhibit to the S-1 was adopted prior to the consummation
of the IPO. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire
that elicits information about related party transactions. 

35 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our founders unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial Business Combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. Furthermore, other than as set forth elsewhere in the Prospectus, no finder s fees, reimbursements
or cash payments will be made to our founders, existing advisors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or
in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers
or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination. In addition,
the following payments will be made to our founders or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of the IPO held
in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination: 

Repayment
to an aggregate of up to 500,000 in loans made to us by the Sponsor; 

A
monthly fee of an aggregate of 10,000 for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services to sponsor. This arrangement
will terminate upon the earlier of (a) completion of a Business Combination or (b) June 14, 2023; 

Reimbursement
for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business Combination; and 

Repayment
of loans which may be made by our founders or an affiliate of our founders to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
initial Business Combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect
thereto. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. Such working capital warrants are identical to the Private Warrants sold in the Private Placement. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our founders or their affiliates. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public
Accounting Fees 

Based
on information provided by Friedman, the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, effective September 1, 2022,
Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting firm.
Friedman continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm through September 30, 2022. 

On
October 3, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board and the full Board approved the dismissal with Friedman and engagement of Marcum to
serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022. The services previously
provided by Friedman will now be provided by Marcum. 

The following chart sets forth public accounting
fees in connection with services rendered by Friedman and Marcum for the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31,
2022. 

2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 122,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 

Audit
fees were for professional services rendered by Friedman and Marcum for the audit of our annual financial statements, and services
that are normally provided by Friedman and Marcum in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for that fiscal
year, including in connection with our IPO. Audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related services by our
principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not
reported under audit fees. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

Because
our audit committee was not formed until June 9, 2022, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent
to the formation of the audit committee have been approved by the audit committee. 

36 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements: 

(1) The
 financial statements required to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included
 in Item 8 therein. 

(2) All
 supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the
 financial statements or the notes thereto or they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3) See
 attached Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Where such filing is made by incorporation by reference to a
previously filed document, such document is identified. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, among the Registrant, and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of
 the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 First
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 18, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on March 11, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between the Registrant and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated January 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with
 the Securities Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, among the Registrant and certain security holders (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment to the Letter Agreement of June 9, 2022, entered between Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation, Acri Capital Sponsor LLC, and directors of Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation, dated November 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 18, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended
 Restated Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust, National Association,
 as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange
 Commission on June 14, 2022). 

37 

10.5 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, among the Registrant, certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and the sponsor dated February 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5
 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 18, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreements, dated June 9, 2022, between the Registrant and each of its directors and officers (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Independent Director Offer Letter, dated March 8, 2022, among Acri Capital Sponsor LLC, and certain directors and officers of
 the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form of
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the
 Securities Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 

ITEM 16.
FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ACRI
 CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Dated:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Joy Yi Hua 

Name: 
 Joy 
 Yi Hua 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Joy Yi Hua 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Joy 
 Yi Hua 
 
 (Principal
 executive officer), Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Chairwoman 

/s/
 James Jim C. Hardin Jr. 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 James
 Jim C. Hardin Jr. 

/s/
 Edmund R. Miller 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Edmund
 R. Miller 

/s/
 Andrew Pierce 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Andrew
 Pierce 

39 

ACRI
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Balance Sheet F-3 Statement of Income F-4 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statement of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of income, changes in
stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2022 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1,
2022). 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEET 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Assets 
 
 Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriter s discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 -

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding (excluding 8,625,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 
 -

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF INCOME 

For the Period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock attributable to Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock attributable to Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 7, 2022 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Founder shares issued to initial stockholder 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Sale of public units through public offering 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Sale of private placement warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Underwriters discount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Other offering expenses 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Reclassification of common stock subject to redemption 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account, net of expenses 

Deferred taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in trust account 

Net Cash Used in investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of founder shares 

Proceeds from promissory note to related party 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Proceeds from public offering 

Proceeds from private placement 

Payment of underwriter discount 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash, January 7, 2022 (inception) 
 -

Cash, December 31, 2022 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Deferred underwriters marketing fees 

Change in value of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units (including
 Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option). Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock,
 par value per share (the Public Shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ),
each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock (the Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 
on June 14, 2022. 

private placement warrants (the Private Warrants , together with the
Public Warrants, the Warrants to the Company s sponsor, Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor at a
purchase price of per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants)
will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination except to permitted
transferees. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees and of other offering costs. Following the closing of IPO, cash of was held outside
of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. 

of the assets held in
the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned
on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

F- 7 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operation (cont.) 

per Unit) from the proceeds of the sale of the Units and the Private Warrants, was held into a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust
Account with Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting as trustee. The funds held in the Trust Account will be invested only
in U.S. government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of days or less, or in money market funds meeting the
applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest solely in direct U.S. government
treasury, so that the Company are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay the Company s tax obligation, the proceeds
from the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants that are deposited and held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust
Account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any shares
of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the IPO properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend then current
amended and restated Company s certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to allow
redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if it does not complete
the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (c) the redemption of of the Company s
Public Shares if it is unable to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. The proceeds
deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors which could have higher priority than
the claims of the Company s public stockholders. If the Company anticipate that it may not be able to consummate its initial Business
Combination by March 14, 2023 (within nine (9) months from the consummation of the IPO), it may extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination up to nine (9) times by an additional one month each time for a total of up to 9 months, affording the Company
up to December 14, 2023 (up to eighteen (18) months from the consummation of the IPO) to complete its initial Business Combination. Public
stockholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares if the Company chooses to make any such paid extension.
Pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between
the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association acting as trustee, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days
advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account for each month extension per share),
on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. If the Company complete its
initial Business Combination, the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account. In addition, such
extension funding loans may be convertible into Private Warrants upon the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination
at per warrant at the option of the lender. 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority
of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have only by March 14, 2023
(nine (9) months from the closing of the IPO) (or up to December 14, 2023 (18 months from the closing of the IPO) if the Company
extends the period of time to complete a Business Combination) from the closing of the IPO to complete the initial Business Combination
(the Combination Period ). 

of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) to
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company
fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period. If the Company submits it initial Business Combination to its stockholders for a vote, the Company will complete
its initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
Business Combination. In no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be
less than . In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of Public Shares and the related Business Combination,
and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

F- 8 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 1 Organization
and Business Operation (cont.) 

per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of
the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be
withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the
IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act (as defined in Note 2). Moreover, in the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Company s Sponsor will not be responsible to the
extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

and a working capital of (excluding taxes payable which are to be paid from Trust). The Company has incurred and
expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction
costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the working capital loans
(see Note 6). 

F- 9 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

cash in bank as
of December 31, 2022. 

of the
assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which are invested in short term U.S. Treasury securities. 

F- 10 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to
equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common
stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

consisting
principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

F- 11 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net income/(loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share

F- 12 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

million was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. 

F- 13 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

in money market funds which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. Interest income
for the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 amounted to . 

Units
including Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option. Each Unit has an offering price of and consists
of one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrants. The Company will not issue
fractional shares. As a result, the Public Warrants must be exercised in multiples of two. Each whole redeemable Public Warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one share Class A Common Stock at a price of per full share. The Public Warrants will become
exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or 12 months from
the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

Public Shares sold
as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in
ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity. 

F- 14 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 4 Initial Public
Offering (cont.) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Offering costs of Public Shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Private Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per
Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants included
in the Units sold in this IPO except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private
Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination except
to permitted transferees. 

Class B common stock Founder Shares of for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately 
per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

of the number of Class A common stock and Class B common stock
issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO. 

F- 15 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 6 Related Party
Transactions (cont.) 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after the initial Business Combination, any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions
and other agreements of the Company s founders with respect to any Founder Shares. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and
is due at the earlier of (1) January 20, 2023 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates its IPO of its securities.
The Company has an outstanding loan balance of on June 14, 2022 after the IPO and the outstanding balance was repaid on June
21, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was no loan balance outstanding. 

of such loans may be converted upon consummation of the Company s Business Combination
into Warrants at a price of per warrant. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the loans would be repaid out
of funds not held in the Trust Account, and only to the extent available. Such Private Warrant converted from loan would be identical
to the Private Warrants sold in the private placement. 

for office space, administrative and shared personnel
support services. This arrangement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) completion of a Business Combination or (b) twelve months
after the completion of the IPO. Administrative service fee expenses for the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December
31, 2022 amounted to . 

excise tax on any
domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the
fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. 

F- 16 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 7 Commitments 
Contingencies (cont.) 

of the fair market
value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and
repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the
nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not
in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations
and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Units in the IPO. 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or to the underwriters at the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled
to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or until the closing of the Business Combination. 

of the economics for a two-handed deal and thirty-five
percent of the economics for a three-handed deal for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings during such
period by the Company or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company. It is understood that if, during the twelve (12) month
period following the consummation of a successful financing, a third party broker-dealer provides the Company with written terms with
respect to a future securities offering Written Offering Terms that the Company desires to accept, the Company shall promptly
present the Written Offering Terms to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments LLC EF Hutton ), the representative of
the underwriters of the IPO. EF Hutton shall have five (5) business days from its receipt of the Written Offering Terms in which
to determine whether or not to accept such offer and, if EF Hutton declines such offer or fail to respond within such five (5) day
period, then the Company shall have the right to proceed with such financing with another placement agent or underwriter upon the same
terms and conditions as the Written Offering Terms. 

shares of preferred stock, par value, with such designations, voting and other rights and
preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022,
there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding shares of Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022, the Company had shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 17 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 8 Stockholders 
Deficit (cont.) 

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B
common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, except as required
by law. 

Public Warrants in connection with the IPO. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the
IPO, the Company completed the private sale of Private Warrants to the Company s Sponsor. 

per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or the date of the completion of the initial
Business Combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement (the warrant agreement signed on June 9, 2022 between the Company
and VStock Transfer, LLC, the warrant agent of the Company, a warrant holder may exercise its Warrants only for a whole number of shares
of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole Warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional Warrants
will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. The Warrants will expire five years after the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 18 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 8 Stockholders 
Deficit (cont.) 

Public
Warrants issued with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and
ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The Company accounted for the Public
Warrants as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimates that the fair value
of the warrants is approximately million, or per Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model. The fair value of
the Public Warrants is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of , (2) risk-free
interest rate of , (3) expected life of years, (4) exercise price of and (5) stock price of . 

Warrants were
outstanding. 

State 
 - 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 19 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Note 9 Income Taxes (cont.) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent difference - facilitation cost for merger 

Effective tax rate	 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 -

Accrued interest income 

Deferred tax liability, net 

for each public share to for each public share for up to
nine (9) times if the Company has not consummated its initial business combination by March 14, 2023 (the nine (9) month
anniversary of the closing of its initial public offering) (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). Upon the stockholders 
approval, on February 9, 2023, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon filing. 

shares of Class A common stock of the Company were rendered for redemption at per share. 

was deposited into the
trust account of the Company for the public shareholders, representing per public share, which enables the Company to extend the
period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from March 14, 2023 to April 14, 2023 (the Extension ).
The Extension is the first of the nine one-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. 

(the Note to its Sponsor. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject
to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial business combination and (ii)
the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder
of the Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole or in part, respectively, into private placement warrants
(the Warrants of the Company, as described in the prospectus of the Company (File Number 333-263477), by providing the
Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two business days prior to the closing of the Company s
initial business combination. The number of Warrants to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion shall be an amount
determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) . 

F-20 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_acricapital.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 4.5 

Description of the Securities of the
Registrant 

Pursuant to the amended and
restated certificate of incorporation of Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation Acri , our Company , the
Company , we or us ), our authorized capital stock consists of 20,000,000 shares of Class A
common stock, 0.0001 par value, 2,500,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 500,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a
summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units Sold in the IPO 

Each unit has an offering price
of 10.00 and consists of one whole share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as described in the Company s prospectus, filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022 (the Prospectus ). Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that
only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants may be issued upon separation of the
units and only whole warrants may trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade
a whole warrant. 

The Class A common stock
and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on August 1, 2022. Once the shares of Class A common stock and warrants
commenced separate trading, holders would have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities.
Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of Class A common stock
and warrants. 

Private warrants Sold in the Private Placement 

The private warrants are identical
to public warrants sold in the initial public offering of the Company (the IPO ). With certain limited exceptions, the private
warrants and the underlying securities are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Common Stock 

Upon the closing of the IPO
on June 14, 2022, 10,781,250 shares of our common stock were outstanding, consisting of: 

8,625,000 shares of our Class A common stock included
in the units being offered in the IPO; and 

2,156,250 shares of Class B common stock held by our
founders 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and
holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders,
except as required by law and the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote
of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board
of directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors provided that prior to the consummation
of our business combination, holders of Class B common stock are entitled to elect or remove all directors of the board. Our stockholders
are entitled to receive rateable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
The holders of Class B common stock, have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and shares
of the Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the closing of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 20,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter
into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares
of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to
the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders
for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such
a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect and remove, with or without cause, new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an
annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of
the DGCL. 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account was initially set to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by deferred discounts commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
Our founders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. Unlike many blank check
companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide
for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required
by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of
the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, stockholder approval of
the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many
blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the
outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the
holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power
of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our founders,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the Prospectus), if any,
could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention
to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination. These quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our founders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

2 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of
such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of
common stock sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer
a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in
open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our business combination, our founders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased during
or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our founders founder shares and we would
need 3,234,376, or 37.5 , of the 8,625,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial
business combination approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they
vote, do not vote or abstain, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction, and irrespective
of whether they were a public stockholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction (subject
to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the completion period (as defined
below), we may seek approval from our stockholders holding no less than 65 or more of the votes to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the completion period to allow us additional time to complete our initial business
combination. If we fail to obtain approval from our stockholders for such extension or we do not seek such extension, we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days
thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes (less up to 75,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by
the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Our founders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within the completion period or extended completion
period. However, if our founders acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share rateably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

3 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B
common stock. Except as described below, the founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units
being sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the
founder shares and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our founders have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the
redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination by March 14, 2023 (or December 14, 2023, if the period for completing our initial business combination
is extended for up to six times with one-month extension each time pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation)
(the completion period ), or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion period,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within such time period, and (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B
common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights as described herein, (iv) holders
of our Class B common stock have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination, and (v) are
entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our founders have
agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares held by them and any public
shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial
business combination. 

With certain limited exceptions,
our founders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any founder shares until the earlier of: (A) six months after the date
of the consummation of our initial business combination, (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to
exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, or (C) the date on which the last reported sale price
of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and
recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination,
or earlier, in any case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or
other property. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with or related to our founders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is
able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to
issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us
or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being
issued or registered in the IPO. 

4 

Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or the date of completion of our initial business combination.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common
stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants may be issued
upon separation of the units and only whole warrants may trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able
to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination,
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with
respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon
exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to
be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions
in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will
use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared
effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and
a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of Warrants. Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A
common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the
notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right on a cashless basis even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of Class A
common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the IPO. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common
stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

5 

Redemption Procedures
and Cashless Exercise. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have
the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether
to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors,
our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number
of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all
holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the
fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock
for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary
to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair
market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby
lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from
the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not
take advantage of this option, our founders and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private warrants
for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had
all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of
shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number
of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold
in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A
common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering
is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common
stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise
or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during
the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A
common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into
which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to
satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the completion period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such
event. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares
of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

6 

Whenever the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of
which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such
adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the
par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of
the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the
holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. The warrants were
issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of
the warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In addition, if (x) we
issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share
of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to our founders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our
founders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the
date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share,
then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock or any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise
of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares may be
issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant
holder. 

Private Warrants 

The private warrants have terms
and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO. 

The private warrants (including
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described herein). 

7 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of
cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be
limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is VStock Transfer, LLC. We have agreed to indemnify VStock Transfer, LLC in its
roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims
and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross
negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our
initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Our founders,
who will collectively beneficially own approximately 22.98 of our common stock upon the closing of the IPO (assuming they do not purchase
any units in the IPO), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our business combination within
the completion period, we may seek approval from our stockholders holding no less than 65 or more of the votes to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the completion period to allow us additional time to complete our
initial business combination. If we fail to obtain approval from our stockholders for such extension or we do not seek such extension,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to: (i) receive funds from the trust account; (ii) vote
on any initial business combination; or (iii) vote on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with our founders, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the
event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view; 

8 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our
public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; 

Our initial business combination must occur with one or more
target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account (excluding
deferred underwriting discounts and interest income earned on the trust account that is released to us to pay taxes or for working capital
purposes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the completion period, or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common
stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not complete our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible
assets will be at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees
and commissions. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions
of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of the IPO. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the
stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction
commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business
combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

9 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of
authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a
court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or
(D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District
of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be
deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by
providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine
that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits
against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the
Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairwoman. 

Advance notice requirements for
stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement
must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Subsequent to the consummation
of the IPO, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special
meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B
common stock. 

10 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors is initially
divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution
of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any
time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares
of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, provided that prior to
the consummation of our business combination, holders of Class B common stock are entitled to elect or remove all directors of the
board. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled
only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent
Right 

For so long as any shares of
Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our certificate
of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers,
preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without
a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B
common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at
which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

SECURITIES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 

Immediately after the consummation
of the IPO on June 21, 2022, we had 10,781,250 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, 8,625,000 shares of Class A common
stock sold in the IPO would be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares
purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 2,156,250 founder shares,
and all 5,240,000 private warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not
involving a public offering. The founder shares and private warrants are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth in the Prospectus.
The founder shares and private warrants (including underlying securities) and working capital warrants (including underlying securities)
will be subject to registration rights as more fully described below. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144,
a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to
sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time
during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for
at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

11 

Persons who have beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at
any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled
to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding,
which will equal 107,813 shares immediately after the IPO; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of Class A
common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under
Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information
about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by
Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act
reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer
was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our founders will
be able to sell their founder shares and private warrants including underlying securities as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private warrants and the working capital warrants including any underlying securities will be entitled to registration rights
pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO, requiring us to register such securities
for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of
these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units are listed on Nasdaq
under the symbol ACACU . Since August 1, 2022, our Class A common stock and warrants are separately listed in the Nasdaq
under the symbols ACAC and ACACW , respectively. 

12 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_acricapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joy Yi Hua, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Acri Capital Acquisition
Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_acricapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joy Yi Hua, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Acri Capital Acquisition
Corporation: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_acricapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
in her capacity as an officer of Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
on December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_acricapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
in her capacity as an officer of Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
on December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 acac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 acac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 acac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 acac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 acac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

