<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1585521_0001585521-23-000035.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21837997</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>538081</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11406278</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4176498</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2928141</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2574452</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001585521-23-000035.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303110737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001585521-23-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001585521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				611648780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38865
		FILM NUMBER:		23702264

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 ALMADEN BOULEVARD, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 799-9666

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 ALMADEN BOULEVARD, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001585521-23-000035.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 zm-20230131.htm
 10-K

zm-20230131 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 ___________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant's Class A common stock on July 29, 2022 as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date was approximately billion. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 

Table of Contents 

 As of February 17, 2023, the number of shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding was and the number of shares of the registrant s Class B common stock outstanding was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Page Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 
 Item 2. Properties 
 46 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 48 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 96 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 96 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 96 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 97 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 97 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 97 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 97 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 97 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 98 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 98 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 100 
 Signatures 
 101 

2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition; business strategy and plans; and objectives of management for future operations, including our statements regarding the benefits and timing of the roll out of new technology, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: our future financial performance, including our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit, margins, and operating expenses; trends in our key business metrics; the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash provided by sales of our products and services to meet our liquidity needs; market trends; our market position and opportunity; our growth strategy and business aspirations for our communications and collaboration platform; our product strategy; our efforts to enhance the security and privacy of our platform; the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic recovery and related public health measures on our business, the business of our customers, suppliers and channel partners, and the economy; our ability to operate our business and effectively manage our scale under evolving macroeconomic conditions, such as high inflation, recessionary or uncertain environments and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; our ability to become the ubiquitous platform for communications and collaboration; our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers; our ability to successfully expand into our existing markets and into new markets; our ability to effectively manage our growth and future expenses; and the impact of recent accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements. 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe that such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves numerous risks, including the risks described in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Below are some of these risks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our business depends on our ability to attract new customers, retain and upsell additional products and new product categories to existing customers, and upgrade free hosts to our paid offerings. Any decline in new customers, renewals, or upgrades would harm our business. 
 Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in prior periods, and may decline in future periods. 
 Interruptions, delays, or outages in service from our co-located data centers and a variety of other factors, would impair the delivery of our services, require us to issue credits or pay penalties, and harm our business. 
 We operate in competitive markets, and we must continue to compete effectively. Many of our actual and potential competitors benefit from competitive advantages over us, such as greater name recognition; longer operating histories; more varied products and services; larger marketing budgets; more established marketing relationships; more third-party integration; greater accessibility across devices or applications; greater access to larger user bases; major distribution agreements with hardware manufacturers and resellers; and greater financial, technical, and other resources. In addition, as we introduce new products and services to our platform, and with the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. 
 Our business may be significantly affected by changes in the economy, including any resulting effect on consumer or business spending. 
 As we increase sales to large organizations, our sales cycles could lengthen, and we could experience greater deployment challenges. 
 We generate revenue from sales of subscriptions to our platform, and any decline in demand for our platform or for communications and collaboration technologies in general would harm our business. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past and there are no assurances we will be able to maintain or increase profitability in the future. 
 We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes, extend our platform or develop new features. 
 Our security measures have been compromised in the past and may be compromised in the future. If our security measures are compromised in the future or if our information technology fails, this could harm our reputation, expose us to significant fines and liability, impair our sales, and harm our business. In addition, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure. This perception may result in customers and hosts curtailing or ceasing their use of our products, our incurring significant liabilities, and our business being harmed. 
 We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future results of operations. 
 The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners, or vendors to comply with stringent and evolving privacy, data protection, and information security laws, regulations, standards, policies, and contractual obligations could harm our reputation and business or subject us to significant fines and liability. 
 If we were to lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 
 We have significant and expanding operations outside the United States, which may subject us to increased business, regulatory and economic risks that could harm our business. 
 We may be subject to, or assist law enforcement with enforcement of, a variety of U.S. and international laws that could result in claims, increase the cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business due to changes in the laws, changes in the interpretations of the laws, greater enforcement of the laws, or investigations into compliance with the laws. 
 Zoom Phone is subject to U.S. federal and international regulation, and other products we may introduce in the future may also be subject to U.S. federal, state, or international laws, rules, and regulations. Any failure to comply with such laws, rules, and regulations could harm our business and expose us to liability. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial public 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 offering, including our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, limiting your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 
 If we are unable to adequately address these and other risks we face, our business may be harmed. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to make communications frictionless and secure. 
 Zoom enables people to connect to others, share ideas, make plans, and build toward a future limited only by their imagination. Our frictionless communications and collaboration platform started with video as its foundation, and we have set the standard for innovation ever since. That is why Zoom is an intuitive, scalable, and secure choice for large enterprises, small businesses, and individuals alike. We provide a unified communications and collaboration platform that delivers happiness and fundamentally changes how people interact, connecting them through frictionless and secure meetings, phone, chat, content sharing and more. Our Developer Platform enables customers, developers, and service providers to easily build apps and integrations on top of Zoom s industry-leading video communications and collaboration platform, with opportunities for global discovery and distribution. Our virtual and hybrid event solutions allow users to seamlessly create and manage engaging events. 
 Our cloud-native platform delivers reliable, high-quality video and voice solutions that are easy to use, manage, and deploy; provides an attractive return on investment; and is scalable and easily integrates with physical spaces and applications. As businesses around the world navigate a period of significant work transformation, Zoom s ability to enable meaningful connections whether teams are in the office, at home, on-the-go, or in other locations such as a retail or manufacturing setting, is a critical differentiator. We believe that rich and reliable communications lead to interactions that build greater empathy and trust. We strive to live up to the trust our customers place in us by delivering a communications solution that is secure, reliable, and just works. 
 A cornerstone of our platform is Zoom Meetings, around which we provide a full suite of products and features designed to give users an easy, reliable, and innovative unified communications experience. Users comprise both hosts, who organize video meetings, and individual attendees, who participate in those video meetings. In 2019, we launched Zoom Phone, a cloud-based PBX system, creating a unique unified communications and collaboration platform. Many customers also choose to implement Zoom Rooms, our software-based conference room system, which enables users to easily experience Zoom Meetings in their physical meeting spaces. 
 We continue to invest resources to enhance the capabilities of our platform. For example, during fiscal year 2023 we announced Zoom Contact Center, an omnichannel contact center solution that is optimized for video and integrated right into the same Zoom experience as well as Zoom Whiteboard, a persistent whiteboard tool for team collaboration in and outside of meetings and Zoom IQ for Sales, a conversation intelligence software for Zoom Meetings, which provides sales teams with meaningful and actionable insights from their customer interactions to improve seller performance and enhance customer experiences. As of February 2023, Zoom Mail and Calendar are generally available, which include both client experiences (Zoom Mail Client, Zoom Calendar Client) and service components (Zoom Mail Service, Zoom Calendar Service). Lastly, we launched Zoom Virtual Agent, an AI-powered chatbot that understands customer questions and provides accurate answers quickly. 
 The happiness we bring is recognized by customers. Zoom has consistently high scores across customer review sites, including Gartner Peer Insights, TrustRadius, and G2 Crowd, including being recognized as a 2022 Gartner Peer Insights Customers Choice for Meeting Solutions as well as for Zoom Rooms and Zoom Video Webinars and a TrustRadius Top Rated Web Conferencing Software award along with nine other recognitions. Industry analysts also recognize our market leadership: Gartner has named Zoom a leader in the Magic Quadrant for UCaaS for the third year in a row. Frost Sullivan recognized Zoom with its 2022 North American Virtual Care Customer Value Leadership Award as well as its 2022 Global SMB Customer Experience Customer Value Leadership Award. In 2022, we were also recognized as a leader in two IDC MarketScapes for Collaboration Tools in Education (North America and Worldwide). In addition, IDC recognized Zoom as a leader in the 2022 APAC Team Collaboration and Videoconferencing MarketScape. Zoom also received Leader recognition in two Aragon Research Globes: Unified Communications and Collaboration as well as Video Conferencing. We also received Aragon s Innovation Award for Video Conferencing for the third year in a row (2020, 2021 and 2022). Zoom was also named to Fortune s 2023 Most Admired Companies list for the second year in a row, and Fast Company s 2022 Next Big Things in Tech list highlighted Zoom Events. 
 We have a unique model that combines viral enthusiasm for our platform with a multipronged go-to-market strategy for optimal efficiency. Viral enthusiasm begins with our users as they experience the simplicity and reliability of our platform it gets out of the way so they can focus on what they need to get done together. This enthusiasm continues as meeting participants become paid hosts and as businesses of all sizes become our customers. Our sales efforts funnel this viral demand into routes-to-market that are optimized for each customer opportunity, which can include our direct sales force, online channel, resellers, and strategic partners. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Growth Strategy 
 We focus on the following elements of our strategy to drive our growth: 
 Keep our existing customers happy. We provide happiness to our customers by giving them an experience that delights them. We respond to customer needs with action to drive positive user experiences. We believe these practices result in our high scores across customer review sites and will continue to generate referrals from our existing customers, providing meaningful viral adoption for the foreseeable future. 
 Drive new customer acquisition. Our platform is designed to make it easy to host meetings. By attracting free hosts to use our platform, we promote usage that allows hosts and their meeting attendees to experience the Zoom difference. We complement this lead-generation model with our multipronged go-to-market strategy that integrates the viral enthusiasm for our platform with optimal routes-to-market, including direct sales representatives, online channel, resellers, and strategic partners. This approach allows us to cost-effectively drive upgrades to our paid offering and expansion within organizations of all sizes and verticals. 
 Expand within existing customers. As organizations experience our platform and become familiar with its benefits, more teams and departments within these organizations adopt Zoom. Our platform may begin in a line of business and then organically expand across departments. This land and expand model has led to some of our largest deployments. Customers are also purchasing services for webinars, room solutions, phone, and contact center for a complete and integrated set of communications services. 
 Innovate our platform continuously. Our engineers aim to stay on the cutting edge of communication and collaboration technologies. We strive to deliver the best experience to our users by dedicating a portion of engineering capacity to developing on-demand, customer-requested features that would be valuable across our customer base. 
 Drive international expansion. With users, offices, and data centers strategically located around the world, we are poised to reach new customers globally. Our platform is intuitively designed such that localization requirements are minimal. For example, our platform works without intensive translation requirements with only a few language adjustments to our user interface and support systems. 
 Grow our developer ecosystem and continue to expand our platform. Through the Zoom Developer Platform, we enable customers and their developers to build their own solutions with our underlying platform technology, seamlessly embed our UC platform into their own offerings, and integrate their applications across Zoom products using our extensive library of application program interfaces APIs and selection of software development kits SDKs ). Our app marketplace further extends the value and adoption of Zoom with our customers through the development and distribution of apps and integrations. We continue to partner with video conferencing hardware and peripheral providers, and with software providers, including Palo Alto Networks, Zendesk, and Box. 
 Our Platform 
 We provide a unified communications and collaboration platform that delivers happiness and fundamentally changes how people interact, connecting them through frictionless and secure meetings, phone, chat, content sharing and more. Our core products are grouped under the following categories: Zoom One, Zoom Spaces, Zoom Events, Zoom Contact Center, Zoom AI, and Zoom Developers. 
 
 Zoom One 
 Zoom Meetings 
 Zoom Meetings provides HD video, voice, chat, and content sharing across mobile devices, desktops, laptops, telephones, and conference room systems. Our architecture can support up to 1,000 video participants in a single meeting. Conversations can be one to one, one to many, or many to many. Zoom Meetings feature 49-person video gallery view, virtual backgrounds, MP4/M4A cloud/local recording with transcripts, video breakout rooms, screen sharing with annotation, and integrations with other powerful business applications to help teams get more done together. Zoom Meetings integrate with tools created by companies such as Atlassian, Box, Dropbox, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Salesforce, ServiceNow, and Slack. Our meetings are a flexible tool for on-the-go employees who rely on their mobile device or tablet throughout their business day. 
 An end-to-end encryption E2EE option is available to free and paid Zoom customers globally who host meetings with up to 200 participants. Zoom s E2EE uses the same 256-bit AES GCM encryption that secures Zoom meetings by default, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 but with Zoom s E2EE, the meeting host generates encryption keys and uses public key cryptography to distribute these keys to the other meeting participants. Additionally, a customer managed key CMK service allows organizations to provide and manage their own encryption keys for certain customer content stored at rest in the Zoom Cloud. The organization needs to manage the keys in the Amazon Web Services Key Management Service. This allows for encryption of applicable content stored in the Zoom Cloud using the keys that the organization controls. 
 Translated captions help to remove language barriers, connect people, and promote inclusivity in meetings and webinars. Captions are currently available between English and the following eleven languages: Chinese Mandarin Simplified (beta), Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese (beta), Korean (beta), Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, and Ukrainian. 
 Zoom Phone 
 Zoom Phone is a cloud phone system for businesses that provides powerful private branch exchange PBX features, such as secure call routing, call queuing, call detail reports, call recording, call quality monitoring, voicemail, switch to video, and much more. Zoom Phone provides inbound and outbound calling via its support for native connectivity to the public switched telephone network PSTN ). Available stand-alone, or as an optional add-on to Zoom Meetings, Zoom Phone is a core component of our modern UCaaS strategy that enables customers to replace their existing PBX solution and consolidate all of their business communications and collaboration requirements onto Zoom. As of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, Zoom Phone provided native PSTN connectivity in more than 45 countries and territories. 
 Zoom Phone also supports Premises Peering and Cloud Peering, which provide customers with the flexibility to keep their current PSTN service providers by redirecting existing third-party voice circuits to the Zoom Phone cloud. Hybrid connectivity is also supported, allowing customers to mix native Zoom Phone calling plans and third-party voice circuits. This unique capability allows customers to enjoy all of the benefits and features of Zoom Phone while keeping their existing service provider contracts, phone numbers, and calling rates with their preferred carrier of record. 
 Zoom Phone Provider Exchange makes it easier for customers to choose their preferred PSTN provider partners, providing an improved way to connect with cloud peering partners, promote the discovery of new providers, and enable self-service of phone numbers from your selected partner. As of January 31, 2023, there are more than 90 countries and territories included in the Provider Exchange program. 
 Zoom Team Chat 
 Zoom Team Chat, which is included in Zoom One and Zoom Phone plans, enables organizations and teams to communicate and collaborate in groups, channels, or 1-1s and to stay connected by instantly sharing messages, images, files, and other content across desktop, laptop, tablet, and mobile devices. With Zoom Team Chat, users can easily invite people outside their organization to a chat conversation, and quickly switch from a chat to a phone call or video meeting during a conversation. Zoom Team Chat also features content storage for users who want discoverability and the ability to review their conversations or shared files. There are dozens of Zoom Team Chat compatible applications available in the Zoom App Marketplace that provide notifications and improved workflow for other enterprise systems. 
 Zoom Mail and Calendar 
 Zoom Mail and Calendar includes both client experiences (Zoom Mail Client, Zoom Calendar Client) and service components (Zoom Mail Service, Zoom Calendar Service). Zoom Mail Client and Zoom Calendar Client can be used with third-party email and calendaring services from Microsoft or Google, or with Zoom Mail Service and Calendar Service. Zoom Mail Service and Zoom Calendar Service are Zoom-hosted offerings targeted at customers with up to 50 employees. Both the Client and Service offerings are generally available as of February 2023. 
 Zoom Whiteboard 
 Zoom Whiteboard is an interactive canvas, allowing teams to collaborate and brainstorm through the use of templates, drag and drop shapes and objects, text, diagramming tools, and integrations with third party services. Zoom Whiteboard is a persistent collaboration tool that works across Zoom Meetings, Zoom Team Chat, Zoom Rooms for Touch, Zoom desktop and mobile apps, and web browsers. Whiteboards can be shared with internal and external participants. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Zoom Spaces 
 Zoom Rooms 
 Zoom Rooms is our software-based conference room system that transforms every room from executive offices, huddle rooms, training rooms, to broadcast studios into a collaboration space that is easy to use, simple to deploy, and low-effort to manage. Designed to increase workforce collaboration across in-room and virtual participants, Zoom Rooms brings one-click to join meetings, wireless multi-sharing, interactive whiteboarding, intuitive room controls and other features to the Zoom Meeting experience. 
 Zoom Rooms includes Scheduling Display to simplify the room booking experience, and Digital Signage to share images, video, and URL content that can be managed remotely by role-based admins for multiple displays on the network. Zoom Rooms Kiosk mode enables virtual receptionists and the ability to display content and custom messages to match the environment and purpose. 
 Workspace Reservation 
 Zoom Workspace Reservation is a service that enables the management of physical spaces with tools for customers to reserve and manage their workspace utilization by connecting users to workspaces. It enhances and streamlines hotdesking and hoteling experiences and can provide recommendations for a workspace location or time to reserve. Users can reserve a work location time and duration in advance or on-demand by selecting a location on a floor plan. Administrators can learn more about the utilization of their workspaces to support planning and optimization of their locations. 
 Zoom Events 
 Zoom Event s 
 Zoom Events provide businesses with a virtual event management solution powered by the Zoom platform. Zoom Events enable users to manage and host all types of internal and external virtual events, from small interactive sessions to multi-day and multi-track events like conferences or consumer events. This includes the ability to create a hub where all of a business events can be listed with corresponding information about each event. It also enables event hosts to provide ticketing and registration for attendees, and the ability to track these activities. OnZoom is a prosumer-focused virtual event platform and marketplace for Zoom users to create, host, and monetize online events. OnZoom is an extension of Zoom s unified communications and collaboration platform with robust monetization (ticketing and fundraising) and simpler event management capabilities. OnZoom is currently offered as a public beta for United States U.S. users to host and attend online events. 
 Zoom Sessions 
 Zoom Sessions became available in January 2023, allowing customers to use the signature features of Zoom Events for a single-session event, including branded registration and event pages, live polling, surveys and chat, advanced reporting and the ability to organize upcoming and past events in one place. 
 Zoom Webinars 
 Zoom Webinars support interactive video presentations to large audiences from almost anywhere in the world and from many devices. Zoom Webinars scale up to 50,000 people, including up to 1,000 interactive video panelists. With webinars, hosts have control over the video viewing experience and attendees join to listen, learn and interact using chat, Q A, live polling and more. Our powerful third-party integrations help users maximize usage of their webinars and expand capabilities with paid registration, marketing automation, lead nurturing, and learning management. 
 Zoom Contact Center 
 Zoom Contact Center 
 Zoom Contact Center helps businesses deliver prompt, accurate and highly personalized customer experience. Zoom Contact Center is an omnichannel contact center solution that is optimized for video and is integrated right into the Zoom client. 
 Zoom Virtual Agent 
 Zoom Virtual Agent is an intelligent conversational AI and chatbot solution that uses natural language processing and machine learning to accurately understand and instantly resolve issues for customers. It became available in January, 2023. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Zoom AI 
 Zoom IQ for Sales 
 Zoom IQ for Sales is conversation intelligence software for Zoom Meetings and Zoom Phone, which provides sales teams with meaningful and actionable insights from their customer interactions to improve seller performance and enhance customer experiences by merging call analytics with CRM data. 
 Zoom Developers 
 Zoom Developer Platform 
 The Zoom Developer Platform enables developers, platform integrators, service providers, and customers to easily build apps and integrations that use Zoom s video-based communications solutions across video, phone, chat, or integrate Zoom s core technology into their products and services, with opportunities for co-marketing, discovery and distribution. Our developer platform also allows Zoom customers to administer their accounts including managing app requests and provisioning, as well as optimizing account usage with access to dashboards and usage metrics. With our SDKs, APIs, webhooks and extensive developer resources, Zoom, third-party developers, and partners build applications that integrate our platform with other globally in-demand applications, platforms, websites, and services. Our customers also have access to tools and resources to develop private applications that integrate Zoom and Zoom technology into their workflows and systems. 
 Zoom App Marketplace 
 Our App Marketplace brings together integrations built by Zoom and third-party developers, making it easy for developers to publish their apps and for customers to enhance their Zoom experience with new functionalities. The App Marketplace features third-party integrations of Zoom into best of breed apps, Zoom Apps (third-party apps integrated into the Zoom experience) and SDK apps, including apps built by ISV program partners using our Meeting SDK. Key integrations include Google Workspace, Calendly, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Salesforce, Otter.ai, Hubspot, Asana, Kahoot! and Miro. 
 Zoom Apps 
 Zoom Apps combine users' favorite apps with the power of video communications by allowing users to access them directly in Zoom Meetings. Users can enrich their Zoom experience with a variety of apps that cover many use cases including whiteboarding, project management, note-taking, gaming, and more. Zoom Essential Apps, launched January 2023, provides access to a curated list of apps at no cost for 1 year after app activation for Zoom One Pro, Business and Business Plus users to enhance their Zoom experience such as through visual agendas, automated tools to keep meetings on track and interactive activities to add energy and fun to meetings . 
 Our Technology and Infrastructure 
 Our unique technology and infrastructure enable best-in-class reliability, scalability, and performance. We designed our communications and collaboration platform to address the most difficult component of communications: video. Video requires intense computing resources for encoding, decoding, multiplexing, and synchronization, as well as higher bandwidth and network performance, to a much higher degree than other forms of communication like voice, chat, and content sharing. Our architecture separates video content processing from the transporting and mixing of streams. We allocate video content processing to intelligent agents that reside on client devices and dynamically encode and decode based upon the performance of client technology, network performance, and bandwidth. We leverage a next-generation multimedia router that operates on commodity hardware and a globally distributed cloud infrastructure to determine the optimal data centers to host a meeting and an optimal set of paths to connect the participants. 
 Our Customers 
 We have customers of all sizes, from individuals to global Fortune 50 organizations. Our current customer base spans numerous industry categories, including education, entertainment/media, enterprise infrastructure, finance, government, health care, manufacturing, nonprofit/not for profit and social impact, retail/consumer products, and software/internet. No individual customer represented more than 10 of our total revenue in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 Sales 
 Our sales model combines our viral demand generation and our free Zoom Meetings plan with a sales approach optimized for the size of each customer opportunity. Our direct sales force includes our field sales representatives as well as our inside sales team, and it is organized by customer subscription size, region, and vertical. Our channel team coordinates the activities of resellers and strategic partners to build a strong ecosystem that broadens our reach. Our online channel supports high-volume, high-velocity, self-service sales. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing 
 Our marketing team s primary objective is to create preference for our brand by leveraging our viral growth, enhancing brand perception, and engaging our users with virtual events, content, social media, and customer advisory councils. We complement our viral growth with targeted online and out-of-home advertising. We shifted our events strategy from in-person to online and then to hybrid as the world came out the pandemic, including hosting Zoomtopia, our annual user conference, as hybrid experience featuring both in person and virtual events to tens of thousands of attendees. 
 Research and Development 
 We drive our business with constant innovation. We have research and development presence in China, India, Singapore and the United States, which we believe is a strategic advantage for us, allowing us to invest more in increasing our product capabilities in an efficient manner with a follow the sun strategy. 
 Our Competition 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We face competition from legacy web-based meeting services providers, including Cisco Webex and GoTo, bundled productivity solution providers with video functionality, including Google Workspace and Microsoft Teams, and UCaaS and legacy PBX providers, including 8x8, Avaya, and RingCentral, as well as consumer-facing platforms that can support small- or medium-sized businesses, including Amazon, Apple, and Facebook. Additionally, as we build out Zoom Contact Center, we may face additional competition, including from Five9, Inc., Genesys and NICE inContact. 
 We believe we compete favorably based on the following competitive factors: 
 video-first platform; 
 cloud-native architecture; 
 functionality and scalability; 
 ease of use and reliability; 
 brand awareness and preference; 
 ability to utilize existing infrastructure, such as legacy conference room hardware; and 
 low total cost of ownership. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We actively seek patent protection covering inventions originating from our company. We also pursue the registration and enforcement of trademarks and domain names in the United States and in various jurisdictions outside the United States. 
 We control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, and partners. Our software is protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws. Our policy requires employees and independent contractors to sign agreements (1) assigning to us any inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship, and other intellectual property generated by them in the course of their employment, and (2) agreeing to protect our confidential information. 
 In certain circumstances, we license intellectual property from third parties for use in our products. This may include open source software. We take steps to ensure compliance with the terms of the licenses governing such licensed technology. We believe our business is not materially dependent on any individual patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, license, or other intellectual property right. For information on the risks associated with our intellectual property, see Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 8,484 full-time employees. Of these employees, 4,588 are in the United States and 3,896 are in our international locations. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Employees in one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries have the benefit of a collective bargaining agreement and are represented by a workers council. We have not experienced interruptions of operations or any work stoppages due to labor disagreements. 
 Our Culture of Happiness 
 We are focused on delivering happiness to our employees and customers. We strive to change the way business is done through our communications technology and our company culture. We take happiness so seriously that we have an employee-led happiness committee and crew to facilitate and amplify our efforts to deliver happiness to our employees and customers. 
 Our culture of delivering happiness drives our mission, vision, and values and is fundamental to everything we do at Zoom: 
 Mission. Our mission is to make video communications frictionless and secure. 
 Vision. Our vision is to empower people to accomplish more through video communications. 
 Values. We care for our community, our customers, our company, our teammates, and ourselves. 
 This culture supports our hiring and serves as a competitive advantage in attracting and retaining top talent. Zoom was prominently featured in the computer software category on Fortune s Most Admired Companies list. Additionally, it was named to the Variety500, an award that recognizes the most influential business leaders shaping the industry. Zoom was also named to Newsweek s America's Greatest Workplaces 2023 for Diversity list. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI at Zoom is an embodiment of our core value of Care. DEI also represents our intentional effort to create an inclusive environment of the brightest minds from a broad set of backgrounds in order to create the most innovative solutions for our customers. Our approach to DEI is driven across four strategic focus areas: workforce (who and how we hire), workplace (how it feels to work at Zoom), marketplace (how we include our customers) and community (how we help to make the world more equitable). 
 We have taken steps to diversify our candidate outreach through engagements with AfroTech, Merritt College, AnitaB.org, and a five-year strategic partnership with Claflin University. In our workplace, our Zoom Talks initiative creates ongoing spaces for our employees to learn more about one another s unique backgrounds. We have a number of Employee Resource Groups ERGs with a focus on Black, Latinx, Women, Asian and Pacific Islander, Veteran, and LGBTQ+ communities. Our ERGs offer our employees support and community building opportunities, and help to foster an inclusive environment and diverse workplace. Our DEI Team continues to partner with teams leading our product design and marketing to invest in making our products even more inclusive and accessible to the diverse set of communities we serve. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support our employees overall well-being. Our employees total compensation packages include base pay, bonuses or sales commissions, and equity. We offer a wide array of benefits including comprehensive healthcare benefits, including mental health and fertility benefits, wellness benefits, a book reimbursement plan to support continuous learning, and charitable gift matching through our Zoom Cares program. 
 Over the past several years, we conducted a comprehensive employee survey with regular follow-ups and engaged in peer research to make thoughtful decisions on how to move forward in an evolving world of work. Two priorities were immediately clear: keeping our employees safe and supporting them through a meaningful employee experience. We believe maintaining a flexible working environment for our employees is a key priority. We offer three workstyles for our employees (in-person, remote and hybrid) and will be allow most employees to choose their own workstyle. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in April 2011 under the name Saasbee, Inc., and in February 2012, we changed our name to Zoom Communications, Inc. In May 2012, we changed our name to Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor, San Jose, California 95113. Our telephone number is (888) 799-9666. Our website address is https://zoom.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Zoom design logo, Zoom, Zoom Video Communications, and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Other trade names, trademarks, and service marks used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file with the SEC electronically. Copies of our reports on Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q, Forms 8-K, and amendments to those reports may also be obtained, free of charge, electronically through our investor relations website located at investors.zoom.us as soon as reasonably practical after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 We announce material information to the public through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, our website (www.zoom.com) and the investor relations section of our website (investors.zoom.us). We use these channels, as well as social media, including our blog (blog.zoom.us), our Twitter account (@zoom_us), our LinkedIn page (linkedin.com/company/zoom-video-communications), our Instagram page (instagram.com/zoom), our TikTok page (tiktok.com/@zoom), and our Facebook page (facebook.com/zoomvideocommunications), to communicate with investors and the public about our Company, our products and services, and other matters. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our Company to review the information we make public in these locations, as such information could be deemed to be material information. Information on or that can be accessed through our websites or these social media channels is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the inclusion of our website addresses and social media channels are inactive textual references only. 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 Our business depends on our ability to attract new customers, retain and upsell additional products and new product categories to existing customers, and upgrade free hosts to our paid offerings. Any decline in new customers, renewals, or upgrades would harm our business. 
 Our business depends upon our ability to attract new customers, and maintain and expand our relationships with our existing customers, including upselling additional products and new product categories to our existing customers and upgrading hosts to a paid Zoom Meeting plan. A host is any user of our unified communications and collaboration platform who initiates a Zoom Meeting and invites one or more participants to join that meeting. We refer to hosts who subscribe to a paid Zoom Meeting plan as paid hosts. 
 Our business is subscription based, and customers are not obligated to, and may choose not to, renew their subscriptions after their existing subscriptions expire. As a result, we cannot provide assurance that customers will renew their subscriptions utilizing the same tier of their Zoom Meeting plan, upgrade to a higher-priced tier, or purchase additional products, if they renew at all. Renewals of subscriptions to our platform may decline or fluctuate because of several factors, such as dissatisfaction with our products and support, a customer or host no longer having a need for our products, including any new customers or hosts that have subscribed to our services during the COVID-19 pandemic that may subsequently reduce or discontinue their use after the impact of the pandemic have tapered, a reduction in customer information technology spending budgets, or a consolidation of spending budgets on our competitors' platforms, during periods of high inflation or recessionary or uncertain economic environments or the perception that competitive products provide better, more secure, or less expensive options. In addition, some customers downgrade their Zoom Meeting plan or do not renew their subscriptions. Furthermore, as a result of the increased usage of our platform during the COVID-19 pandemic, our customer base has shifted largely from businesses and enterprises to a mix of businesses, enterprises, and consumers. This shift in mix could result in higher non-renewal rates than we have experienced in the past. We must continually add new customers and hosts to grow our business beyond our current user base and to replace customers and hosts who choose not to continue to use our platform. Finally, any decrease in user satisfaction with our products or support would harm our brand, word-of-mouth referrals, and ability to grow. 
 We encourage customers to purchase additional products and encourage hosts to upgrade to our paid offerings by recommending additional features and through in-product prompts and notifications. Additionally, we seek to expand within organizations by adding new hosts, having workplaces purchase additional products, or expanding the use of our platform into other teams and departments within an organization. At the same time, we encourage hosts that subscribe to our free Zoom 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Meeting plan to upgrade to a paid Zoom Meeting plan. However, a majority of these hosts, including those that initially subscribed to our free plan during the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of shelter-in-place and work-from-home mandates, may never upgrade to a paid Zoom Meeting plan. If we fail to upsell our customers or upgrade hosts of our free Zoom Meeting plan to paid subscriptions or expand the number of paid hosts within organizations, our business would be harmed. 
 In addition, our user growth rate may slow or decline in the future as our market penetration rates increase. If we are not able to continue to expand our user base, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline. While we continue to add paid users to our customer base, we expect our user growth rate to continue to slow or decline during the COVID-19 pandemic recovery, particularly as users return to work or school or are otherwise no longer subject to limitations on in-person meetings. 
 Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in prior periods, and may decline in future periods. 
 Our revenue growth has fluctuated in prior periods. We have previously experienced periods of significant revenue growth. You should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate over the past year has stabilized but there are no assurances we will be able to sustain or increase it in future periods, and our revenue growth rate may decline in future periods. Many factors may contribute to declines in our growth rate, including higher market penetration, increased competition, macroeconomic conditions, such as high inflation, recessionary or uncertain environments and fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates, slowing demand for our platform, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic recovery, which has led to users returning to work or school or are otherwise no longer being subject to limitations on in-person meetings, a lower than anticipated capitalization on growth opportunities, and the maturation of our business, among others. Our growth rate could adversely affect investors perceptions of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Interruptions, delays, or outages in service from our co-located data centers and a variety of other factors, would impair the delivery of our services, require us to issue credits or pay penalties, and harm our business. 
 We currently serve our users from various co-located data centers located throughout the world. We also utilize Amazon Web Services and Oracle Cloud for the hosting of certain critical aspects of our business, as well as Microsoft Azure for limited customer-specified managed services. As part of our distributed meeting architecture, we establish private links between data centers that automatically transfer data between various data centers. Damage to, or failure of, these data centers has in the past resulted in and could in the future result in interruptions or delays in our services. In addition, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, other interruptions and delays in our services caused by a variety of other factors, including, but not limited to, infrastructure changes, vendor issues, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, ransomware or cyber extortion, fraud, general internet availability issues, spikes in usage, local administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements, and denial of service issues. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these problems within an acceptable period of time. For example, we have experienced partial outages in our services that impacted a subset of our users for a limited number of hours. Additionally, in connection with the addition of new data centers or expansion or consolidation of our existing data center facilities or other reasons, we may move or transfer our data and our users metadata to other data centers, not including our China data center. Despite precautions that we take during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair or cause disruptions in the delivery of our service, and we may incur significant costs in connection with any such move or transfer. Interruptions, delays, or outages in our services would reduce our revenue; may require us to issue credits or pay penalties; may subject us to claims and litigation; and may cause customers and hosts to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers and hosts. Our ability to attract and retain customers and hosts depends on our ability to provide customers and hosts with a highly reliable platform and even minor interruptions or delays in our services could harm our business. 
 Additionally, if our data centers are unable to keep up with our increasing needs for capacity, customers may experience delays or interruptions in service as we seek to obtain additional capacity, which could result in the loss of customers who use our unified communications and collaboration platform because of its reliability and performance. We plan to continue our practice of opening new data centers throughout the world to meet increased demand, but we may be unable to bring additional data centers online in a timely manner, including as a result of current shortages for certain parts, such as servers. In addition, to meet short-term capacity needs, we may need to rely increasingly on public cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services and Oracle Cloud, which may result in higher variable costs, harming our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 We do not control, or in some cases have limited control over, the operation of the co-located data center facilities we use, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error; intentional bad acts; earthquakes; floods; fires; hurricanes; war; terrorist attacks; power losses; hardware failures; systems failures; telecommunications failures; disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; and other public health related measures, any of which could disrupt our service. In the event of significant physical damage to one of these data centers, it may take a significant period of time to achieve full resumption of our services and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. Despite precautions taken at these 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism, or other act of malfeasance, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at the facilities would harm our business. 
 We operate in competitive markets, and we must continue to compete effectively. 
 The market for communication and collaboration technologies platforms is competitive and rapidly changing. Certain features of our current platform compete in the communication and collaboration technologies market with products offered by: 
 legacy web-based meeting providers, including Cisco Webex and GoTo; 
 bundled productivity solutions providers with video functionality, including Microsoft Teams and Google G Suite and Meet products; 
 UCaaS and legacy PBX providers, including Avaya, RingCentral, and 8x8; and 
 consumer-facing platforms that can support small- or medium-sized businesses, including Amazon, Apple, and Facebook. 
 Other large established companies may also make investments in video communications tools. In addition, as we introduce new products and services into our platform, and with the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. 
 In February 2022, we launched Zoom Contact Center, an omnichannel contact center solution that is optimized for video, which, as we build out our offering, may result in increased competition against companies that offer similar services, such as Five9, Inc., Genesys and NICE inContact, and new competitors that may enter that market in the future. As we continue to build out our platform, we may face increased competition against companies that offer similar services and new competitors that may enter that market in the future. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we saw a significant increase in usage and subscriptions from smaller customers, many of whom are consumers or small and medium sized businesses. With respect to these smaller customers, we face competition from more consumer-oriented platforms, most of which have more experience with the consumer market than we do. Further, many of our actual and potential competitors benefit from competitive advantages over us, such as greater name recognition; longer operating histories; more varied products and services; larger marketing budgets; more established marketing relationships; more third-party integration; greater accessibility across devices or applications; greater access to larger user bases; major distribution agreements with hardware manufacturers and resellers; and greater financial, technical, and other resources. Some of our competitors may make acquisitions or strategic investments or enter into strategic relationships to offer a broader range of products and services than we do, which may prevent us from using such third parties' technology or offering such products or services. These combinations may make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. We expect these trends to continue as competitors attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions. 
 Demand for our platform is also price sensitive. Many factors, including our marketing, user acquisition, and technology costs, and our current and future competitors pricing and marketing strategies, can significantly affect our pricing strategies. Certain competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or free products, or services that compete with our platform, or may bundle and offer a broader range of products and services than we do. Similarly, certain competitors may use marketing strategies that enable them to acquire customers at a lower cost than we can. Furthermore, third parties could build products similar to ours that rely on open source software. Even if such products do not include all the features and functionality that our platform provides, we could face pricing pressure from these third parties to the extent that users find such alternative products to be sufficient to meet their video communications needs. There can be no assurance that we will not be forced to engage in price-cutting initiatives or other discounts or to increase our marketing and other expenses to attract and retain customers in response to competitive pressures, either of which would harm our business. We, on occasion, offer customers a free period of time at the beginning of the subscription term that can result in deferred billings or long-term accounts receivable and increase the risk of loss on uncollected accounts receivable. 
 Our results have fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate significantly, and period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter or period should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our results of operations may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. For example, during fiscal year 2021, we experienced rapid growth in usage of our unified communications and collaboration platform largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a significant portion of which was attributable to free Basic accounts, which do not generate any revenue. To meet this increased demand, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs associated with upgrading our infrastructure and expanding our capacity, including higher variable costs to the extent we have had to rely on public cloud providers rather than our own data centers. Fluctuation in our results may negatively impact the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 value of our securities. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our results of operations include, without limitation, those listed below: 
 our ability to retain and upgrade customers to higher-priced tiers of Zoom Meeting plans; 
 our ability to attract new hosts and upgrade hosts that subscribe to our free Zoom Meeting plan to one of our paid Zoom Meeting plans; 
 our ability to hire and retain employees, in particular those responsible for the selling or marketing of our platform; 
 our ability to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel who are able to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time and provide sales leadership in areas in which we are expanding our sales and marketing efforts; 
 changes in the way we organize and compensate our sales teams; 
 the timing of expenses and recognition of revenue; 
 our ability to increase sales to large organizations; 
 the length of our sales cycles and linearity of our bookings, especially with respect to sales to large enterprises and highly regulated industries, including financial services and U.S. federal and state and foreign governmental agencies; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations, and infrastructure, as well as international expansion and entry into operating leases; and the hiring and retention of personnel who can build, manage, and maintain our expanded business operations and infrastructure; 
 timing and effectiveness of new sales and marketing initiatives; 
 changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 our ability to hire and retain experienced research and development personnel to design new products, features, and functionality that meet our privacy and security standards; 
 the timing and success of new products, features, and functionality by us or our competitors; 
 interruptions or delays in our service; network outages; or actual, alleged, or perceived privacy violations or issues or security vulnerabilities, incidents, or breaches; 
 lawsuits, regulatory actions or investigations; legislator scrutiny; or negative publicity arising from actual, alleged, or perceived privacy violations or issues or security vulnerabilities, incidents, or breaches; 
 changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors; 
 changes in laws and regulations that impact our business; 
 any large indemnification payments to our users or other third parties; 
 the timing of expenses related to any future acquisitions; and 
 general economic and market conditions. 
 Our business may be significantly affected by changes in the economy, including any resulting effect on consumer or business spending. 
 Our business may be affected by changes in the economy, such as high inflation, recessionary or uncertain environments, fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates and global impacts, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the United States' ongoing trade disputes with China and other countries. Some customers may view a subscription to our platform as a cost-saving purchase, decreasing the need for business travel, others may view a subscription to our platform as a discretionary purchase, and our customers may reduce their information technology spending on our platform during an economic downturn or during times of economic uncertainty. Given current economic conditions, including inflation, we could experience a reduction in demand and loss of customers, especially if the effects of the current economic environment have a prolonged impact on various industries that our unified communications and collaboration platform addresses. We would lose 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 customers as a result of customers ceasing to do business, and we could experience a material increase in longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable from certain customers. 
 As we increase sales to large organizations, our sales cycles could lengthen, and we could experience greater deployment challenges. 
 We have begun investing more resources into sales to large organizations. Large organizations typically undertake a significant evaluation and negotiation process due to their leverage, size, organizational structure, and approval requirements, all of which can lengthen our sales cycle. We may also face unexpected deployment challenges with large organizations or more complicated deployment of our platform. Large organizations may demand additional features, support services and pricing concessions, or require additional security management or control features. We may spend substantial time, effort, and money on sales efforts to large organizations without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales or that these customers will deploy our platform widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial up-front investment. As a result, we anticipate increased sales to large organizations will lead to higher up-front sales costs and greater unpredictability in our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We generate revenue from sales of subscriptions to our platform, and any decline in demand for our platform or for communications and collaboration technologies in general would harm our business. 
 We generate, and expect to continue to generate, revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our platform. As a result, widespread acceptance and use of communications and collaboration technologies in general, and our platform in particular, is critical to our future growth and success. If the communications and collaboration technologies market fails to grow, or grows more slowly than we currently anticipate, demand for our platform could be negatively affected. 
 Changes in user preferences for communications and collaboration technologies may have a disproportionately greater impact on us than if we offered multiple platforms or disparate products. Demand for communications and collaboration technologies in general, and our platform in particular, is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Some of these potential factors include: 
 general awareness of the communications and collaboration technologies category; 
 availability of products and services that compete with ours; 
 new modes of communications and collaboration that may be developed in the future; 
 a reduction in customer information technology spending budgets, or a consolidation of spending budgets on our competitors' platforms, during periods of high inflation or recessionary or uncertain economic environments; 
 ease of adoption and use; 
 features and platform experience; 
 reliability of our platform, including frequency of outages; 
 performance; 
 brand; 
 user support; and 
 pricing. 
 The communications and collaboration technologies market is subject to rapidly changing user demand and trends in preferences. If we fail to successfully predict and address these changes and trends, meet user demands, or achieve more widespread market acceptance of our platform, our business would be harmed. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past and there are no assurances we will be able to maintain or increase profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses in the past and could incur net losses in the future. We intend to continue to expend significant funds to expand our direct sales force and marketing efforts to attract new customers and hosts and to develop and enhance our products and for general corporate purposes, including operations, hiring additional personnel, including through acquisitions of other businesses, upgrading our infrastructure, addressing security and privacy issues, and expanding into new geographical markets. To the extent we are successful in increasing our user base, we may also incur increased losses because, other than sales commissions, the costs associated with acquiring customers and hosts are generally incurred up front, while the subscription revenue is generally recognized ratably over the subscription term, which can be monthly, annual, or on a multiyear basis. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 revenue enough to offset our higher operating expenses, which may result in decreased profitability. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including as a result of the other risks described herein, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown events. While free users continue to be a meaningful portion of the user base, we have directed marketing programs focused on converting free users to paid subscriptions. Some of these new hosts using our platform on a free Basic account have upgraded to a paid Zoom Meeting plan but the remainder have not and may never do so. If we are unable to increase or sustain our profitability, the value of our business and Class A common stock may significantly decrease. Furthermore, it is difficult to predict the size and growth rate of our market, customer demand for our platform, user adoption and renewal of our platform, the entry of competitive products and services, or the success of existing competitive products and services. As a result, we may not increase or maintain profitability in future periods. If we fail to grow our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses, our business would be harmed. 
 The experience of our users depends upon the interoperability of our platform across devices, operating systems, and third-party applications that we do not control, and if we are not able to maintain and expand our relationships with third parties to integrate our platform with their solutions, our business may be harmed. 
 One of the most important features of our platform is its broad interoperability with a range of diverse devices, operating systems, and third-party applications. Our platform is accessible from the web and from devices running Windows, Mac OS, iOS, Android, and Linux. We also have integrations with Atlassian, Dropbox, Google, Microsoft, Salesforce, Slack, and a variety of other productivity, collaboration, data management, and security vendors. We are dependent on the accessibility of our platform across these and other third-party operating systems and applications that we do not control. For example, given the broad adoption of Microsoft Office and other productivity software, it is important that we are able to integrate with this software. Several of our competitors own, develop, operate, or distribute operating systems, app stores, co-located data center services, and other software, and also have material business relationships with companies that own, develop, operate, or distribute operating systems, applications markets, co-located data center services, and other software that our platform requires in order to operate. Moreover, some of these competitors have inherent advantages developing products and services that more tightly integrate with their software and hardware platforms or those of their business partners. 
 Third-party services and products are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our platform to assure its compatibility with that of other third parties following development changes. In addition, some of our competitors may be able to disrupt the operations or compatibility of our platform with their products or services, or exert strong business influence on our ability to, and terms on which we, operate and distribute our platform. For example, we currently offer products that directly compete with several large technology companies that we rely on to ensure the interoperability of our platform with their products or services. As our respective products evolve, we expect this level of competition to increase. Should any of our competitors modify their products or standards in a manner that degrades the functionality of our platform or gives preferential treatment to competitive products or services, whether to enhance their competitive position or for any other reason, the interoperability of our platform with these products could decrease and our business could be harmed. 
 In addition, we provide, develop, and create applications for our platform partners that integrate our platform with our partners various offerings. For example, our Zoom Meetings product integrates with tools offered by companies, such as Atlassian and Dropbox, to help teams get more done together. If we are not able to continue and expand on existing and new relationships to integrate our platform with our partners solutions, or there are quality issues with our products or service interruptions of our products that integrate with our partners solutions, our business will be harmed. 
 We are subject to requirements imposed by app stores such as those operated by Apple and Google, who may change their technical requirements or policies in a manner that adversely impacts the way in which we or our partners collect, use and share data from users. For example, Apple recently began requiring mobile applications using its iOS mobile operating system to obtain a user s permission to track them or access their device s advertising identifier for certain purposes. The long-term impact of these and any other privacy and regulatory changes remains uncertain. If we do not comply with applicable requirements imposed by app stores, we could lose access to the app store and users, and our business would be harmed. 
 We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes, extend our platform, or develop new features. 
 The communications and collaboration technologies market is characterized by rapid technological change and frequent new product and service introductions. Our ability to grow our user base and increase revenue from customers will depend heavily on our ability to enhance and improve our platform; introduce new features and products; and interoperate across an increasing range of devices, operating systems, and third-party applications. Our customers may require features and capabilities that our current platform does not have. We invest significantly in research and development, and our goal is to focus our spending on measures that improve quality and ease of adoption, enhance privacy and security, and create organic user demand for our platform. There is no assurance that new additions or other future enhancements to our platform or new product experiences, features, or capabilities will be compelling to our users or gain market acceptance, or that they will perform as expected. If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate user demand or if we fail to 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 develop our platform in a manner that satisfies user preferences and requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing users or increase demand for our platform. 
 The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings could make our platform obsolete or adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that could delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new product experiences, features, or capabilities. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new features and capabilities and there can be no assurance that new product experiences, features, or capabilities will be released according to schedule. Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by users brought against us, all of which could harm our business. Moreover, new productivity features to our platform may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful. If customers and hosts do not widely adopt our new product experiences, features, and capabilities, or they do not perform as expected, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment. If we are unable to develop, license, or acquire new features and capabilities to our platform on a timely and cost-effective basis, or if such enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business would be harmed. 
 The failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing and sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform. 
 Our ability to increase our customer and host base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and services will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our marketing and sales operations. We plan to continue expanding our sales force and strategic partners, both domestically and internationally. If we are unable to hire a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel in the near term, our future revenue growth and business could be adversely impacted. 
 Identifying and recruiting qualified sales representatives and training them is time consuming and resource intensive, and they may not be fully trained and productive for a significant amount of time. We also plan to dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing programs, including internet and other online advertising. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. In addition, the cost to acquire customers and hosts is high due to these marketing and sales efforts. Our business will be harmed if our efforts do not generate a correspondingly significant increase in revenue. We will not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel, our new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 Failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable, possibly leading our customers and hosts to switch to our competitors, or to cancel their subscriptions to our platform. 
 Unlike traditional communications and collaborations technologies, our services depend on our users high-speed broadband access to the internet, usually provided through a cable or digital subscriber line connection. Increasing numbers of users and increasing bandwidth requirements may degrade the performance of our platform due to capacity constraints and other internet infrastructure limitations. As our number of users has grown and their usage of communications capacity has increased, we have been required to make additional investments in network capacity to maintain adequate data transmission speeds, the availability of which may be limited, or the cost of which may be on terms unacceptable to us. If adequate capacity does not continue to be available to us as our user base grows in the future, our network may be unable to achieve or maintain sufficiently high data transmission capacity, reliability, or performance. In addition, if internet service providers and other third parties providing internet services have outages or deteriorations in their quality of service, our users will not have access to our platform or may experience a decrease in the quality of our platform. Furthermore, as the rate of adoption of new technologies increases, the networks our platform relies on may not be able to sufficiently adapt to the increased demand for these services, including ours. Frequent or persistent interruptions could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems or platform are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our platform, which could permanently harm our business. 
 In addition, users who access our platform through mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets, must have a high-speed connection, such as 3G, 4G, 5G, LTE, satellite, or Wi-Fi, to use our services and applications. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant and increasing market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent phone companies, cable companies, satellite companies, and wireless companies. Some of these providers offer products and subscriptions that directly compete with our own offerings, which can potentially give them a competitive advantage. Also, these providers could take measures that degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to third-party services, including our platform, by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate third-party services or by charging increased fees to third parties or the users of third-party services, any of which would make our platform less attractive to users and reduce our revenue. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 On January 4, 2018, the Federal Communications Commission FCC released an order reclassifying broadband internet access as an information service, subject to certain provisions of Title I of the Communications Act. The order requires broadband providers to publicly disclose accurate information regarding network management practices, performance characteristics, and commercial terms of their broadband internet access services sufficient to enable consumers to make informed choices regarding the purchase and use of such services, and entrepreneurs and other small businesses to develop, market, and maintain internet offerings. The new rules went into effect on June 11, 2018. Numerous parties filed judicial challenges to the order, and on October 1, 2019, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit released a decision that rejected nearly all of the challenges to the new rules, but reversed the FCC s decision to prohibit all state and local regulation targeted at broadband internet service, requiring case-by-case determinations as to whether state and local regulation conflicts with the FCC s rules. The court also required the FCC to reexamine three issues from the order but allowed the order to remain in effect, while the FCC conducts that review. On October 27, 2020, the FCC adopted an order concluding that the three issues remanded by the court did not provide a basis to alter its conclusions in the 2018 order. Petitions for reconsideration of this decision are pending and could be reversed by the current FCC after Democrats gain control. In addition, a number of states have adopted or are adopting or considering legislation or executive actions that would regulate the conduct of broadband providers. A federal court judge denied a request for a preliminary injunction against California s state-specific network neutrality law, and as a result, California began enforcing that law on March 25, 2021. The appeal of that decision and a petition for rehearing were denied in January and April 2022, respectively. A number of other states have adopted or are adopting or considering legislation or executive actions that would regulate the conduct of broadband providers. A similar law in Vermont is subject to a pending challenge, but went into effect on April 20, 2022. We cannot predict whether the FCC order or other state initiatives will be enforced, modified, overturned, or vacated by legal action of the court, federal legislation, or the FCC. Under the FCC s new rules, broadband internet access providers may be able to charge web-based services such as ours for priority access or favor services offered by our competitors or by the internet access providers themselves, which could result in increased costs and a loss of existing customers and hosts, impair our ability to attract new customers and hosts, and harm our business. 
 If there are changes to the regulatory structures in the United States or elsewhere that reduce investment in infrastructure by internet service providers, including a return of the network neutrality regulations that were repealed, any impacts of reduced investment that reduce network capacity or speed could have a negative effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our security measures have been compromised in the past and may be compromised in the future. If our security measures are compromised in the future or if our information technology fails, this could harm our reputation, expose us to significant fines and liability, impair our sales, and harm our business. In addition, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure. This perception may result in customers and hosts curtailing or ceasing their use of our products, our incurring significant liabilities, and our business being harmed. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data, including data of ours, our customers, and our users, the data which includes personal information, customer and user content, health-related data, intellectual property, trade secrets, business plans, and financial information. We and the third parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, which could cause security incidents. Security incidents have occurred in the past and may occur in the future, resulting in unauthorized access to, loss or unauthorized disclosure of, or inadvertent disclosure of confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information. 
 Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Cloud-based platform providers of products and services have been and are expected to continue to be targeted. Threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors, and advanced persistent threat intrusions. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyberattacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including cyberattacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to provide our services. We may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), personnel misconduct or error, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Additionally, our platform, products, and services are relied on by a large number of companies worldwide and as a result, if our platform, products, or solutions are compromised, a significant number or all of our customers and their data could be simultaneously affected. The potential liability and associated consequences we could suffer as a result of such a large-scale event could be catastrophic and result in irreparable harm. 
 Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 In addition, our reliance on third-party service providers could introduce new cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, including supply-chain attacks, and other threats to our business operations. We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, and other functions. We also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, parts, or otherwise to operate our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to confidential, proprietary, or sensitive data or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our services. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Additionally, certain privacy, data protection, and information security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive data. 
 If our security measures are compromised, our reputation could be damaged; our data, information or intellectual property, or that of our customers, may be destroyed, stolen, or otherwise compromised; our business may be harmed; and we could incur significant liability. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. We have not always been able in the past and may be unable in the future to anticipate or prevent threats or techniques used to detect or exploit vulnerabilities in our services or software or third-party software, or obtain unauthorized access to or compromise our systems. 
 In addition, security researchers and other individuals have in the past and will continue in the future to actively search for and exploit actual and potential vulnerabilities in our software or services. This activity may increase because of increased demand for our services and increased media scrutiny of our unified communications and collaboration platform, and can lead to additional adverse publicity, reputational harm, extortion threats, business and operational interruptions, security incidents, additional expenses, litigation, regulatory investigations and actions, and substantial harm to our business, some of which we have experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, in July 2019, a security researcher published a blog highlighting concerns with the Zoom Meeting platform, including certain video-on features. We were able to release updates to the software addressing these vulnerabilities, and we are not aware of any customers being affected or meetings compromised by these vulnerabilities. In most cases customers are responsible for installing this update to the software, and their software is subject to these vulnerabilities until they do so. Additionally, in March 2020, a security researcher reported certain vulnerabilities related to our macOS version that could have allowed an unauthorized person to gain root access to a user s system. Given the nature of our business and operations, our products and services will inevitably contain vulnerabilities or critical security defects that have not been identified or remediated and cannot be disclosed without compromising security. We have identified vulnerabilities in our products and services in the past, and we expect that we will continue to identify vulnerabilities in the future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to address any vulnerabilities in our software products 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and services that we may become aware of in the future, or there may be delays in developing patches that can be effectively deployed to address vulnerabilities. 
 We will continue to make prioritization decisions to determine which vulnerabilities or security defects to fix and the timing of these fixes, which could result in an exploit that compromises security. Further, in many cases, customers are responsible for installing our software updates, and until they do so, their service remains subject to the vulnerabilities addressed in the software update. Vulnerabilities and critical security defects, errors in remediating vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remediate vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying security releases or deciding not to install software updates could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business. Security incidents and vulnerabilities, and concerns regarding privacy, data protection, and information security may also cause some of our customers and hosts to stop using our solutions and fail to upgrade or renew their subscriptions. Failures to meet customers and hosts expectations with respect to security and confidentiality of their data and information could damage our reputation and affect our ability to retain customers and hosts, attract new customers and hosts, and grow our business. In addition, cybersecurity events or security vulnerabilities could result in breaches of our agreements with customers, lawsuits against us (including class action litigation), regulatory investigations or actions, and significant increases in costs, including costs for remediating the effects of such an event or vulnerability, lost revenue due to network downtime, and a decrease in customer, host, and user trust, increases in insurance premiums due to cybersecurity incidents, increased costs to address cybersecurity issues, and attempts to prevent future incidents, fines, penalties, judgments and settlements, and attorney fees, and harm to our business and our reputation because of any such incident. 
 Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security incidents involving certain types of personal information. Such laws are inconsistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. In addition, some of our customers require us to notify them of data security breaches. 
 Actual or perceived security compromises experienced in our industry or by our competitors, our customers, a third party upon whom we rely, or us could cause us to experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our services, deter new customers from using our services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 In addition, while more than half of our employees are based in the United States, like many similarly situated technology companies, we have a sizable number of research and development personnel in China, which has exposed and could continue to expose us to governmental and regulatory as well as market and media scrutiny regarding the actual or perceived integrity of our platform or data security and privacy features. 
 Increased usage of our services, novel uses of our services, and additional awareness of Zoom and our brand could lead to greater public scrutiny of, press related to, or a negative perception of our information security and potential vulnerabilities associated with, our platform. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, we opened our platform to unprecedented numbers of first-time users, leading to challenges for users who did not have full IT support or established protocols for security and privacy like our larger customers. As a result, we have experienced negative publicity related to meeting disruptions and security and privacy issues, including on encryption. Such unfavorable publicity and scrutiny could result in material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence, increased regulatory or litigation exposure, additional expenses, and other harm to our business. 
 There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our subscription agreements, terms of use, or other agreements would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for cyber liability or errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that are not covered or exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our business. 
 In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. 
 Our business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our base of users will be impaired and our business will be harmed. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that maintaining and enhancing the Zoom brand is critical to expanding our base of customers, hosts, and users and, in particular, conveying to users and the public that the Zoom brand consists of a broad communications and collaboration platform, rather than just one distinct product. For example, if users view the Zoom brand primarily as a video conferencing point solution or utility rather than as a platform that connects people through video, voice, chat and content sharing, or have a negative perception of our privacy and security, then our market position may be detrimentally impacted. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Any unfavorable publicity or perception of our platform, including any delays or interruptions in service due to capacity constraints stemming from increased usage or of our privacy or security features, or of the providers of communication and collaboration technologies generally, could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to attract and retain hosts. Similarly, any unfavorable perception of our company, including due to any actual or perceived violation by our employees of our policies, such as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, could cause us reputational harm and customer loss, impact our financial performance, expose us to litigation, and harm our business, among other things. If we fail to promote and maintain the Zoom brand, including consumer and public perception of our platform or our company, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business will be harmed. 
 We cannot assure you that we will successfully manage our growth. 
 Since our founding in 2011, our employee headcount, both in the United States and internationally, has increased significantly over time. The growth and expansion of our business places a continuous, significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. Further growth of our operations to support our user base, our expanding third-party relationships, our information technology systems, and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. In addition, as we continue to grow, we face challenges integrating, developing, and motivating our employee base in various countries around the world. Many of our personnel work remotely, which may lead to challenges in productivity and collaboration. Certain members of our management have not previously worked together for an extended period of time, and some do not have prior experience managing a public company, which may affect how they manage our growth effectively. 
 In addition, from time to time, we implement organizational changes to pursue greater efficiency and realign our business and strategic priorities. In February 2023, we commenced certain restructuring actions (the Restructuring Plan ), designed to reduce operating costs and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. We may encounter challenges in the execution of these efforts, and these challenges could impact our financial results. 
 Although we believe that the Restructuring Plan will reduce operating costs and improve operating margins, we cannot guarantee that the Restructuring Plan will achieve or sustain the targeted benefits, or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term profitability and operational expectations. As a result of these actions, we will incur additional charges in the near term, including those related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation. Additional risks associated with the continuing impact of the Restructuring Plan include employee attrition beyond our intended reduction in force and adverse effects on employee morale (which may also be further exacerbated by actual or perceived declining value of equity awards), diversion of management attention, adverse effects to our reputation as an employer (which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future), and potential failure or delays to meet operational and growth targets due to the loss of qualified employees. If we do not realize the expected benefits of our restructuring efforts on a timely basis or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our historical rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business would be harmed. 
 Our ability to sell subscriptions to our platform could be harmed by real or perceived material defects or errors in our platform. 
 The software technology underlying our platform is inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when new products are first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. We have from time to time found defects or errors in our platform, and new defects or errors in our existing platform or new products may be detected in the future by us or our users. There can be no assurance that our existing platform and new products will not contain defects. Any real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our platform have in the past resulted and could in the future result in negative publicity or lead to data security, access, retention, or other performance issues, all of which could harm our business. The costs incurred in correcting such defects or errors may be substantial and could harm our business. Moreover, the harm to our reputation and legal liability related to such defects or errors may be substantial and would harm our business. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We also utilize hardware purchased or leased and software and services licensed from third parties to offer our platform. Any defects in, or unavailability of, our or third-party hardware, software, or services that cause interruptions to the availability of our services, loss of data, or performance issues could, among other things: 
 cause a reduction in revenue or delay in market acceptance of our platform; 
 require us to issue refunds to our customers or expose us to claims for damages; 
 cause us to lose existing hosts and make it more difficult to attract new customers and hosts; 
 divert our development resources or require us to make extensive changes to our platform, which would increase our expenses; 
 increase our technical support costs; and 
 harm our reputation and brand. 
 If we were to lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 
 Our success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In particular, our founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric S. Yuan, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our products, services, the Zoom platform, our culture, our strategic direction, engineering, and our global operations, including regions such as the United States, Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA ), and Asia Pacific APAC ). All of our executive officers are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. Any changes in our senior management team in particular, even in the ordinary course of business, may be disruptive to our business. Such changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and cause disruptions to our business. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively or execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis as a result of management turnover or otherwise, our business could be harmed. 
 The failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel or to maintain our happiness-centric company culture could harm our business and culture and prevent us from executing our business strategy. 
 To execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for executives, software developers, sales personnel, and other key employees in our industry is intense. In particular, we compete with many other companies for software developers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing software for communication and collaboration technologies, as well as for skilled sales and operations professionals. At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all, which may be exacerbated by our recent restructuring actions and any similar future actions. In addition, our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may not be able to identify or implement such changes in a timely manner. In addition, we may experience employee turnover as a result of our recent restructuring actions. New hires require training and take time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business could be harmed. 
 Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have, and some of these companies may offer more attractive compensation packages. Particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, job candidates and existing employees carefully consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or if the mix of equity and cash compensation that we offer is unattractive, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. Job candidates may also be threatened with legal action under agreements with their existing employers if we attempt to hire them, which could impact hiring and result in a diversion of our time and resources. Additionally, laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, may limit our ability to recruit internationally. Moreover, as we plan to reopen our offices, vaccine mandates and similar government orders and restrictions could result in employee attrition and difficulty in recruiting. We must also continue to retain and motivate existing employees through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business would be harmed. 
 We believe that a critical component to our success and our ability to retain our best people is our culture. As we continue to grow and develop a public company infrastructure, we may find it difficult to maintain our happiness-centric company culture. Transparency is also an important part of our culture, and one that we practice every day. As we continue to grow, maintaining this culture of transparency will present its own challenges that we will need to address, including the type of information and level of detail that we share with our employees. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, as our stock price has fluctuated since our initial public offering IPO ), employees joining us at different times could have significant disparities in proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which could create disparities in wealth among our employees, which may harm our culture and relations among employees and our business. Further, the volatility of our stock price may make our equity compensation less attractive to current and potential employees, and could contribute to increased turnover or difficulties in hiring. 
 We have significant and expanding operations outside the United States, which may subject us to increased business, regulatory and economic risks that could harm our business. 
 Our platform addresses the communications and collaboration needs of users worldwide, and we see international expansion as a major opportunity. Our revenue from APAC and EMEA collectively represented 30 , 33 , and 31 of our total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We plan to add local sales support in further select international markets over time. Our customers include multinational corporations with global users, and we expect to continue to expand our international operations, which includes opening offices in new jurisdictions and providing our platform in additional languages to support the needs of these multinational corporations. Any new markets or countries into which we attempt to allow users to access our services or sell subscriptions to our platform may not be receptive. If we are not able to satisfy certain government- and industry-specific requirements, we have in the past and may in the future experience service outages or other adverse consequences that would impair our ability to operate in or to expand further into certain markets. For example, the Chinese government has at times turned off our service in China without warning and requested that we take certain steps prior to restoring our service, such as designating an in-house contact for law enforcement requests and transferring China-based user data housed in the United States to a data center in China. In addition, our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally in the future requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal and regulatory systems, alternative dispute systems, and commercial markets. Future international expansion will require investment of significant funds and other resources. We also face risks related to recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees outside the United States, including complying with complex employment- and compensation-related laws, regulations, and practices in these international jurisdictions, and maintaining our company culture across all of our offices. We may also be unable to grant equity compensation to employees in certain countries outside of the United States due to the complexities of local laws and regulations. This may require us to offer equally compelling alternatives to supplement our compensation, such as long-term cash compensation plans or increased short-term cash compensation, in order to continue to attract and retain employees in these jurisdictions. 
 Operating internationally subjects us to new risks and increases risks that we currently face, including risks associated with: 
 providing our platform and operating our business across a significant distance, in different languages and among different cultures, including the potential need to modify our platform and features to ensure that they are culturally appropriate and relevant in different countries; 
 compliance with applicable international laws and regulations, including laws and regulations with respect to privacy, information security, telecommunications requirements, data protection, consumer protection, and unsolicited email, and the risk of penalties to us and individual members of management or employees if our practices are deemed to be out of compliance; 
 operating in foreign jurisdictions where the government may impede or interrupt our ability to provide our services; 
 management of an employee base in jurisdictions that may not give us the same employment and retention flexibility as the United States; 
 operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States and the practical enforcement of such intellectual property rights outside of the United States; 
 foreign government interference with our non-core intellectual property that resides outside of the United States, such as the risk of changes in foreign laws that could restrict our ability to use our intellectual property outside of the foreign jurisdiction in which we developed it; 
 integration with partners outside of the United States; 
 compliance by us and our business partners with anti-corruption laws, import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions, and other regulatory limitations on our ability to provide our platform in certain international markets; 
 foreign exchange controls that might require significant lead time in setting up operations in certain geographic territories and might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the United States; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 political and economic instability, including as a result of the United Kingdom's U.K. withdrawal from the European Union EU ), and other political tensions between countries in which we do business; 
 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including the continuing deterioration in diplomatic relations between the United States and China and the continuing war between Russia and Ukraine, which can and has resulted in the imposition of new trade restrictions, trade protection measures, import or export requirements, trade embargoes, and other trade barriers; 
 generally longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, a risk that may increase as a result of recent macroeconomic conditions, such as high inflation, recessionary environments, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, weighing on our customers' ability to pay for our service on a timely basis; 
 double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the income and other tax laws of the United States or the international jurisdictions in which we operate, including the imposition of digital services taxes; and 
 higher costs of doing business internationally, including increased accounting, travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs. 
 As described above, following Russia s military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the United States, European Union, and other nations announced various sanctions against Russia and export restrictions against Russia and Belarus. Such restrictions include blocking sanctions on some of the largest state-owned and private Russian financial institutions, and their removal from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, or the SWIFT, payment system. The invasion of Ukraine and the retaliatory measures that have been taken, and could be taken in future, by the United States, NATO, and other countries have created global security concerns that could result in a regional conflict and otherwise have a lasting impact on regional and global economies, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, including preventing us from performing existing contracts, pursuing new business opportunities, or receiving payments for services already provided to customers. 
 Compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our global operations substantially increases our cost of doing business in international jurisdictions. We may be unable to keep current with changes in laws and regulations as they occur. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to support compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will always maintain compliance or that all of our employees, contractors, partners, and agents will comply. In addition, legal requirements in the United States and other countries may come into conflict with each other making it challenging or impossible to comply with both countries legal requirements simultaneously. Any violations could result in enforcement actions, fines, civil and criminal penalties, damages, injunctions, or reputational harm. If we are unable to comply with these laws and regulations or manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, we may need to relocate or cease operations in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 Geopolitical tension between the United States and China, or between other countries and China, may intensify and lead to increased scrutiny of our business operations in China. 
 We have a significant number of employees, primarily engineers, in China, where personnel costs are less expensive than in many other geographies. The number or proportion of our employees in China has fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, including macroeconomic changes and internal restructuring. Geopolitical and national security tensions between the United States and China, or between other countries and China, have in the past, currently are and could in the future lead to increased scrutiny of our business operations in China. 
 In June and July 2020, we received subpoenas from the Department of Justice s U.S. Attorney s Office for the Eastern District of New York EDNY and the Department of Justice s U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California NDCA ). The EDNY and NDCA subpoenas requested information about (among other things) our interactions with foreign governments and/or foreign political parties, including the Chinese government, as well as about storage of and access to user data, including the use of servers based overseas. In addition, the EDNY subpoena requested information about the actions we took relating to videoconference commemorations of the crackdown on the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests. The NDCA subpoena also requested documents and information about (among other things) contacts between our employees and representatives of the Chinese government, and any attempted or successful influence by any foreign government in our policies, procedures, practices, and actions as they relate to users in the United States. We are fully cooperating with these investigations and have been conducting our own thorough internal investigation. These investigations are ongoing, and we do not know when they will be completed, which facts we will ultimately discover as a result of the investigations, or what actions the government may or may not take. We cannot predict the outcome of these investigations, and a negative outcome in any or all of these matters could cause us to incur substantial fines, penalties, or other financial exposure, as well as material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence and business, additional expenses, and other harm to our business. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We recognize revenue from subscriptions to our platform over the terms of these subscriptions. Consequently, increases or decreases in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations and may be difficult to discern. 
 We recognize revenue from subscriptions to our platform over the terms of these subscriptions. As a result, a portion of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter may have an immaterial impact on the revenue that we recognize for that quarter. However, such a decline will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and potential changes in our pricing policies or rate of customer expansion or retention may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. In addition, a significant portion of our costs is expensed as incurred, while revenue is recognized over the term of the subscription. As a result, growth in the number of new customers and hosts could continue to result in our recognition of higher costs and lower revenue in the earlier periods of our subscriptions. Finally, our subscription-based revenue model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers or from existing customers that increase their use of our platform or upgrade to a higher-priced tier of Zoom Meeting plan must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality support for our customers and hosts may harm our relationships with our customers and hosts and, consequently, our business. 
 Increased user demand for support, may result in increased costs that may harm our results of operations. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic we saw surging demand requiring us to allocate additional resources to support our expanded user base, including many hosts and customers who are using our platform for the first time. In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and support our global user base, we need to be able to continue to provide efficient support that meets our customers and hosts needs globally at scale. As the number of our users has grown significantly, it has put additional pressure on our support organization. If we are unable to provide efficient user support globally at scale or if we need to hire additional support personnel, our business may be harmed. Our new customer and host signups are highly dependent on our business reputation and on recommendations from our existing customers and hosts. Any failure to maintain high-quality support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support for our customers and hosts, would harm our business. 
 We utilize our network of resellers to sell our products and services, and our failure to effectively develop, manage, and maintain our indirect sales channels would harm our business. 
 Our future success depends on our continued ability to establish and maintain a network of channel relationships, and we expect that we will need to maintain and expand our network as we expand into international markets. A small portion of our revenue is derived from our network of sales agents and resellers, which we refer to collectively as resellers, many of which sell or may in the future decide to sell their own products and services or services from other communications solutions providers. Loss of or reduction in sales through these third parties could reduce our revenue. Our competitors may in some cases be effective in causing our reseller or potential reseller to favor their products and services or prevent or reduce sales of our products and services. Recruiting and retaining qualified resellers in our network and training them in our technology and product offerings requires significant time and resources. If we decide to further develop and expand our indirect sales channels, we must continue to scale and improve our processes and procedures to support these channels, including investment in systems and training. Many resellers may not be willing to invest the time and resources required to train their staff to effectively sell our platform. If we fail to maintain relationships with our resellers, fail to develop relationships with new resellers in new markets, or expand the number of resellers in existing markets or fail to manage, train, or provide appropriate incentives to our existing resellers, our ability to increase the number of new customers and hosts and increase sales to existing customers could be adversely impacted, which would harm our business. 
 Our results of operations, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected if currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future. 
 We sell to customers globally and have international operations primarily in Australia, China, and the U.K. As we continue to expand our international operations, we have become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Although the majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, a portion of our revenue is denominated in foreign currencies, and our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations. For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, 20.0 , 22.6 , and 20.2 of our revenue, respectively, and 10.8 , 16.8 , and 11.9 of our expenses, respectively, were denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact our results of operations. For example, for the year ended 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 January 31, 2023, our total revenue was lower than anticipated in part due to the strengthening of the U.S dollar. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge exposures to non-U.S. dollar currencies. 
 Our sales to government entities and other government contractors are subject to a number of additional challenges and risks. 
 We expect to continue selling our products and services to U.S. federal and state and foreign governmental agency customers, which may occur through sales to other companies that re-sell our services to government customers and/or through direct sales to government entities. While we are a U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program FedRAMP authorized SaaS service, selling to government entities and other government contractors present a number of unique challenges and risk including the following: 
 selling to governmental entities can be more competitive, expensive, and time-consuming than selling to private entities, often requiring significant up-front time and expense and ongoing compliance costs without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale; 
 government certification requirements may change, or we may be unable to achieve or sustain one or more government certifications, including FedRAMP, which may restrict our ability to sell into the government sector until we have attained such certificates; 
 contracts with governmental entities and other government contractors, including resellers in the government market, contain terms that differ less favorably from what we generally agree to in our standard agreements, including, terms and conditions required by regulation that are not negotiable with the customer; 
 non-compliance with terms and conditions of government contracts, or with representations or certifications made in connection with government contracts, can result in significantly more adverse consequences than we typically would expect in the commercial market, including, depending on the circumstances, criminal liability, liability under the civil False Claims Act, and/or suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental entities; 
 government demand and payment for our products may be influenced, among other things, by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays having an adverse impact on public sector demand for our products; and 
 government-imposed vaccine mandates could result in increased attrition and difficulties in recruiting, and non-compliance with any such mandates could restrict our ability to do business with governmental entities. 
 To the extent that we become more reliant on contracts with government entities and/or other government contractors in the future, our exposure to such risks and challenges could increase, which in turn could adversely impact our business. 
 In May 2021, the Biden Administration issued an Executive Order requiring federal agencies to implement additional information technology security measures, including, among other things, requiring agencies to adopt multifactor authentication and encryption for data at rest and in transit to the maximum extent consistent with Federal records laws and other applicable laws. The Executive Order will lead to the development of secure software development practices and/or criteria for a consumer software labeling program, which will reflect a baseline level of secure practices, for software that is developed and sold to the U.S. federal government. Software developers will be required to provide visibility into their software and make security data publicly available. Due to this Executive Order, federal agencies may require us to modify our cybersecurity practices and policies, thereby increasing our compliance costs. If we are unable to meet the requirements of the Executive Order, our ability to work with the U.S. government may be impaired and may result in a loss of revenue. 
 Our current platform, as well as products, features, and functionality that we may introduce in the future, may not be widely accepted by our customers and hosts or may receive negative attention or may require us to compensate or reimburse third parties, any of which may lower our margins and harm our business. 
 Our ability to engage, retain, and increase our base of customers and hosts and to increase our revenue will depend on our ability to successfully create new products, features, and functionality, both independently and together with third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing platform or develop and introduce new and unproven products, including technologies with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience. These new products and updates may not perform as expected, may fail to engage, retain, and increase our base of customers and hosts or may create lag in adoption of such new products. New products may initially suffer from performance and quality issues that may negatively impact our ability to market and sell such products to new and existing customers and hosts. The short- and long-term impact of any major change to our platform, or the introduction of new products, is particularly difficult to predict. If new or enhanced products fail to engage, retain, and increase our base of customers and hosts, or do not perform as expected, we may fail to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments in such products, any of which may harm our business in the short term, long term, or both. In addition, our current platform as well as products, features, and functionality 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 that we may introduce in the future, may require us to compensate or reimburse third parties. For example, our cloud phone system, Zoom Phone, is a PBX phone solution that requires us to compensate carriers that operate the PSTN. As a result, a portion of the payments that we will receive from customers that will use our Zoom Phone product will be allocated towards compensating these telephone carriers, which lowers our margins for Zoom Phone as compared to our other products. In addition, new products that we introduce in the future may similarly require us to compensate or reimburse third parties, all of which would lower our profit margins for any such new products. If this trend continues with our new and existing products, including Zoom Phone, it could harm our business. 
 If we experience excessive fraudulent activity or cannot meet evolving credit card association merchant standards, we could incur substantial costs and lose the right to accept credit cards for payment, which could cause our customer and paid host base to decline significantly. 
 A large portion of our customers authorize us to bill their credit card accounts directly for our products. If customers pay for their subscriptions with stolen credit cards, we could incur substantial third-party vendor costs for which we may not be reimbursed. Further, our customers provide us with credit card billing information online or over the phone, and we do not review the physical credit cards used in these transactions, which increases our risk of exposure to fraudulent activity. We also incur charges, which we refer to as chargebacks, from the credit card companies for claims that the customer did not authorize the credit card transaction for our products, something that we have experienced in the past. If the number of claims of unauthorized credit card transactions becomes excessive, we could be assessed substantial fines for excess chargebacks, and we could lose the right to accept credit cards for payment. In addition, credit card issuers may change merchant standards, including data protection and documentation standards, required to utilize their services from time to time. If we fail to maintain compliance with current merchant standards or fail to meet new standards, the credit card associations could fine us or terminate their agreements with us, and we would be unable to accept credit cards as payment for our products. Our products may also be subject to fraudulent usage and schemes, including third parties accessing customer accounts or viewing and recording data from our communications solutions. These fraudulent activities can result in unauthorized access to customer accounts and data, unauthorized use of our products, and charges and expenses to customers for fraudulent usage. We may be required to pay for these charges and expenses with no reimbursement from the customer, and our reputation may be harmed if our products are subject to fraudulent usage. Although we implement multiple fraud prevention and detection controls, we cannot assure you that these controls will be adequate to protect against fraud. Substantial losses due to fraud or our inability to accept credit card payments would cause our customer base to significantly decrease and would harm our business. 
 We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which could harm our business. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various jurisdictions outside of the United States. Our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the proportion of our earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses; changes in excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation expense; changes in the valuation of, or our ability to use, deferred tax assets; the applicability of withholding taxes; and effects from acquisitions. 
 The provision for taxes on our consolidated financial statements could also be impacted by changes in accounting principles; changes in U.S. federal, state, or foreign tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals (including provisions of the recently enacted federal tax legislation titled the Inflation Reduction Act); other fundamental changes in tax law currently being considered by many countries; and changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions. In addition, we are subject to review and audit by U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Such tax authorities may disagree with tax positions we take, and if any such tax authority were to successfully challenge any such position, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 requires the capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses effective for years beginning after December 31, 2021. The mandatory capitalization requirement increased our cash tax liabilities but also decreased our effective tax rate due to increasing the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. There is a possibility that Congress will defer, repeal, or otherwise modify this requirement in future periods. Absent a change in legislation, we expect it will have a material impact on our cash flows beginning the current fiscal year ending January 31, 2023. 
 We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income-based taxes resulting from changes in U.S. federal, state, local, or foreign tax laws; changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions; results of tax examinations, settlements, or judicial decisions; changes in accounting principles, changes to our business operations, including acquisitions; as well as the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period. Further, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD and the Inclusive Framework of G20 and other countries have issued proposals related to the taxation of the digital economy. In addition, several countries have proposed or enacted Digital Services Taxes DST ), many of which would apply to revenue 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 derived from digital services. Future developments related to such proposals, in particular any unilateral actions outside of the OECD's Inclusive Framework such as the imposition of DST rules, could have an adverse impact on our business by increasing our future tax obligations. 
 We have acquired and may continue to acquire other businesses or receive offers to be acquired, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, or dilute stockholder value. 
 We have made and may continue in the future to make acquisitions of other companies, products, and technologies. We have limited experience in acquisitions. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by users, developers, or investors. In addition, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully or effectively manage the combined company following an acquisition. If we fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions, or the people or technologies associated with those acquisitions, into our company, the results of operations of the combined company could be adversely affected. Any integration process will require significant time and resources, require significant attention from management and disrupt the ordinary functioning of our business, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully, which could harm our business. In addition, we may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology and accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. 
 We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which could affect our financial condition or the value of our capital stock. The sale of equity to finance any such acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we incur more debt, it would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to flexibly operate our business. 
 We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future results of operations. 
 During fiscal year 2021, we experienced rapid growth in usage of our unified communications and collaboration platform largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This usage dramatically changed the scale of our business, and we have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business. As a result, our ability to forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth and expenses. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could continue to slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including any reduction in demand for our platform; increased competition; contraction of our overall market; our inability to accurately forecast demand for our platform and plan for capacity constraints; or our failure, for any reason, to capitalize on growth opportunities or to adapt and respond to inflationary factors affecting our business or future economic recession. The changes the COVID-19 pandemic fostered on the way companies operate, including the shifts to remote and hybrid work have limited our ability to forecast revenue, costs, and expenses due to the uncertainty around how companies choose to operate in the future, including the impacts of a remote and hybrid workplace. We have encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our business would be harmed. 
 We rely on data from tools to calculate certain of our key business metrics. Real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 We track our key business metrics with tools that are not independently verified by any third party. Our tools have limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our performance metrics, including the key metrics we report. If the tools we use to track these metrics over- or undercount performance or contain errors, the data we report may not be accurate and our understanding of certain details of our business may be distorted, which could affect our longer-term strategies. 
 We are continually seeking to improve our ability to measure our key business metrics, and regularly review our processes to assess potential improvements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners, or vendors to comply with stringent and evolving privacy, data protection, and information security laws, regulations, standards, policies, and contractual obligations could harm our reputation and business or subject us to significant fines and liability. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information, including personal information, customer and user content, business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, third-party data, business plans, transactions, financial information Our data processing activities may subject us to numerous privacy, data protection, and information security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, and contractual requirements. 
 For example, in June 2020, we received a grand jury subpoena from the Department of Justice s U.S. Attorney s Office for the EDNY, which requested information regarding our interactions with foreign governments and foreign political parties, including the Chinese government, as well as information regarding storage of and access to user data, the development and implementation of Zoom s privacy policies, and the actions we took relating to videoconference commemorations of the crackdown on the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests. In July 2020, we received subpoenas from the Department of Justice s U.S. Attorney s Office for the NDCA and the SEC. Both subpoenas seek documents and information relating to various security, data protection and privacy matters, including our encryption, and our statements relating thereto, as well as calculation of usage metrics and related public statements. In addition, the NDCA subpoena seeks information relating to any contacts between our employees and representatives of the Chinese government, and any attempted or successful influence by any foreign government in our policies, procedures, practices, and actions as they relate to users in the United States. We have since received additional subpoenas from EDNY and NDCA seeking related information. We are fully cooperating with all of these investigations and have been conducting our own thorough internal investigation. These investigations are ongoing, and we do not know when they will be completed, which facts we will ultimately discover as a result of the investigations, or what actions the government may or may not take. We cannot predict the outcome of these investigations, and a negative outcome in any or all of these matters could cause us to incur substantial fines, penalties, or other financial exposure, as well as material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence and business, additional expenses, and other harm to our business. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous privacy, data protection, and information security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. In addition, effective October 1, 2019, Nevada amended its existing Security of Personal Information Law SPI Law to now require, among other things, that businesses provide an online mechanism or toll-free phone number to intake requests from consumers to opt out of the sale of their personal information. Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut have similarly enacted comprehensive privacy, data protection and information security laws, that emulate the CCPA and CPRA in many respects and have taken or will take effect in 2023. These developments may further complicate compliance efforts and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. Under various laws and other obligations related to privacy, data protection, and information security, we may be required to obtain certain consents to process personal information. Our inability or failure to do so could result in adverse consequences. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern related to privacy, data protection, and information security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR ), the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR ), Brazil s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD (Law No. 13,709/2018), and China s Personal Information Protection Law PIPL impose strict requirements for processing personal information. For example, under the EU GDPR, companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions; fines of up to 20 million Euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal information brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. 
 We also target customers in Asia and have operations in Japan and Singapore, and may be subject to new and emerging privacy, data protection, and information security regimes in Asia, including Japan s Act on the Protection of Personal Information and Singapore s Personal Data Protection Act. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we may be unable to transfer personal information from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries due to data localization requirements or limitations on cross-border data flows. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal information to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal information to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws they believe are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal information from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal information to the United States. 
 If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal information from the EEA, the UK, or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal information necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal information out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activities groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers of personal information out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 Furthermore, several states and localities have enacted measures related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in products and services. For example, in Europe, there is a proposed regulation related to artificial intelligence AI that, if adopted, could impose onerous obligations related to the use of AI-related systems. We may have to change our business practices to comply with such obligations. 
 Additionally, regulators are increasingly scrutinizing companies that process children s data. Numerous laws, regulations, and legally-binding codes, such as the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA ), California s Age Appropriate Design Code (effective in July 2024), the CCPA and CPRA, other U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws, the EU and UK GDPR, and the UK Age Appropriate Design Code, impose various obligations on companies that process children s data, including by requiring certain consents to process such data and extending certain rights to children and their parents with respect that data. Some of these obligations have wide ranging applications, including for services that do not intentionally target child users (defined in some circumstances as a user under the age of 18 years old). In particular, COPPA is a U.S. Federal law that applies to operators of commercial websites and online services directed to U.S. children under the age of 13 that collect personal information from children, and to operators of general audience websites with actual knowledge that they are collecting personal information from U.S. children under the age of 13. We provide video communications and collaboration services to schools, school districts, and school systems to support traditional, virtual, and hybrid classrooms, distance learning, educational office hours, guest lectures, and other services. As part of these services, Zoom may be used by students, including students under the age of 13, and we collect personal information from such students on behalf of our school subscribers. School subscribers must contractually consent to Zoom s information practices on behalf of students, prior to students using the services. If we fail to accurately anticipate the application, interpretation, or legislative expansion of applicable privacy, data protection, and information security laws, we could be subject to governmental enforcement actions, data processing restrictions, litigation, fines and penalties, adverse publicity or loss of customers. Moreover, as a result of any such failures, we could be in breach of our K-12 school customer contracts, and our customers could lose trust in us, which could harm our reputation and business. 
 Individuals are increasingly resistant to the collection, use, and sharing of personal information to deliver targeted advertising. Third-party platforms have introduced (or plan to introduce) measures to provide users with more privacy controls over targeted advertising activities, and regulators (including in the EEA/UK) are heavily scrutinizing the use of technologies used to deliver such advertisements. Major technology platforms on which we rely to gather information about consumers have adopted or proposed measures to provide consumers with additional control over the collection, use, and sharing of their personal data for targeted advertising or other purposes. In addition, legislative proposals and present laws and regulations regulate the use of cookies and other tracking technologies, electronic communications, and marketing. For example, in the EEA and the UK, regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements related to the targeted advertising ecosystem. European regulators have issued significant fines in certain circumstances where the regulators alleged that appropriate consent was not obtained in connection with targeted advertising activities. It is anticipated that the ePrivacy Regulation and national implementing laws will replace the current national laws implementing the ePrivacy Directive, which may require us to make significant operational changes. In the United States, the CCPA, for example, grants California residents the right to opt-out of a company s sharing of personal data for advertising purposes in exchange for money or other valuable consideration, and requires covered businesses to honor user-enabled browser signals from the Global Privacy Control. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Partially as a result of these developments, individuals are becoming increasingly resistant to the collection, use, and sharing of personal information to deliver targeted advertising or other types of tracking. Individuals are now more aware of options related to consent, do not track mechanisms (such as browser signals from the Global Privacy Control), and ad-blocking software to prevent the collection of their personal information for targeted advertising purposes. As a result, we may be required to change the way we market our products, and any of these developments or changes could materially impair our ability to reach new or existing customers or otherwise negatively affect our operations. 
 In addition to data privacy and security laws, we are contractually subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. We are also bound by other contractual obligations related to privacy, data protection, and information security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials, and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding privacy, data protection, and information security privacy, data protection, and information security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators, or other adverse consequences. 
 Obligations related to privacy, data protection, and information security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources and may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal information on our behalf. 
 We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our privacy, data protection, and information security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable privacy, data protection, and information security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal information; and orders to destroy or not use personal information. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; inability to process personal information or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business model or operations. 
 We have in the past and may in the future receive inquiries or be subject to investigations by domestic and international government entities regarding, among other things, our privacy, data protection, and information security practices. The result of these proceedings could impact our brand reputation, subject us to monetary remedies and costs, interrupt or require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or subject us to other remedies that adversely affect our business. We also face litigation regarding our privacy and security practices, including alleged data sharing with third parties, in various jurisdictions. See Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings for additional information. 
 We were also the subject of an investigation by the FTC relating to our privacy and security representations and practices. We have reached a settlement agreement with the FTC, which the FTC voted to make final on January 19, 2021. We could fail or be perceived to fail to comply with the terms of the settlement with the FTC or any other orders or settlements relating to litigation or governmental investigations with respect to our privacy and security practices. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with such orders or settlements may increase the possibility of additional adverse consequences, including litigation, additional regulatory actions, injunctions, or monetary penalties, or require further changes to our business practices, significant management time, or the diversion of significant operational resources. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, policies, and other obligations that are applicable to the businesses of our users may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our platform and services, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Additionally, we rely on the administrators of our customers in the healthcare and education industries to obtain the necessary consents from users of our products and services and to ensure their account settings are configured correctly for their compliance under applicable laws and regulations, including HIPAA. Furthermore, if third parties we work with, such as vendors or developers, make misrepresentations, violate applicable laws and regulations, or our policies, such misrepresentations and violations may also put our users content at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security, or disclosure of our users content, or regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of users for the collection, use, retention, or disclosure of such content is obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 services and features, possibly in a material manner, which we may be unable to complete and may limit our ability to store and process user data or provide or develop new services and features. 
 Increased usage of our services and additional awareness of Zoom and our brand stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic has led to greater public scrutiny of, press related to, or a negative perception of our collection, use, storage, disclosure, and processing of personal information, and our privacy policies and practices. For example, users and customers, particularly those that are new to Zoom, may not have significant IT or security knowledge or have their own IT controls like those of a larger organization to configure our service in a manner that provides them with control over user settings. This has resulted in reports of users and customers experiencing meeting disruptions by malicious actors. Additional unfavorable publicity and scrutiny has led to increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny and litigation exposure, and could result in material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence, additional expenses and other harm to our business. 
 Changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and export restrictions, could limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 
 The U.S. or foreign governments may take administrative, legislative, or regulatory action that could materially interfere with our ability to sell products in certain countries. For example, while we stopped selling our products directly in China during the six months ended July 31, 2020, the prior U.S. administration had threatened tougher trade terms with China and other countries, leading to the imposition, or announcement of future imposition, of substantially higher U.S. Section 301 tariffs on roughly 500 billion of imports from China. In response, China imposed and proposed new or higher tariffs on U.S. products. The direct and indirect effects of tariffs and other restrictive trade policies are difficult to measure and are only one part of a larger U.S./China economic and trade policy disagreement. The effects of tariffs are uncertain because of the dynamic nature of governmental action and responses. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions and further escalation of trade tensions between the United States and its trading partners, especially China, could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade, including retaliatory trade restrictions that restrict our ability to operate in China. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken by the new U.S. administration with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products may be subject to such actions, or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. Any further deterioration in the relations between the United States and China could exacerbate these actions and other governmental intervention. For example, the implementation of China s national-security law in Hong Kong has created additional U.S.-China tensions and could potentially increase the risks associated with the business and operations of U.S.-based technology companies in China. Any alterations to our business strategy or operations made in order to adapt to or comply with any such changes would be time-consuming and expensive, and certain of our competitors may be better suited to withstand or react to these changes. 
 Further, in recent years, the U.S. Government has expressed concerns with the security of information and communications technology and services ICTS sourced from providers in China, Russia, and other jurisdictions. In May 2019, former President Trump issued an executive order that invoked national emergency economic powers to implement a framework to regulate the acquisition or transfer of ICTS in transactions that imposed undue national security risks. The executive order is subject to implementation by the Secretary of Commerce and applies to contracts entered into prior to the effective date of the order. On March 22, 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued an interim final rule allowing it to identify, review, and prohibit ICTS transactions that pose a national security risk, including transactions involving specified countries, such as China. Several aspects of this rule remain unclear including the scope of affected transactions and how the rule will be implemented and enforced in practice. In addition, the U.S. Commerce Department has implemented additional restrictions and may implement further restrictions that would affect conducting business with certain Chinese companies. Due to the uncertainty regarding the timing, content, and extent of any such changes in policy, we cannot assure you that we will successfully mitigate any negative impact. Depending upon their duration and implementation, these tariffs, the executive order and its implementation, and other regulatory actions could materially affect our business, including in the form of increased cost of revenue, decreased margins, increased pricing for customers, and reduced sales. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to additional liabilities on past sales for taxes, surcharges, and fees. 
 We currently collect and remit applicable indirect taxes in jurisdictions where we, through our employees, have a presence and where we have determined, based on legal precedents in the jurisdiction, that sales of our platform are classified as taxable. State and local taxing authorities have differing rules and regulations which are subject to varying interpretations. This makes the applicability of sales tax to e-commerce businesses, such as ours, uncertain and complex. We believe that we are not otherwise subject to, or required to collect, additional taxes, fees, or surcharges imposed by state and local jurisdictions because we do not have a sufficient physical presence or nexus in the relevant taxing jurisdiction, or such taxes, fees, or surcharges do not apply to sales of our platform in the relevant taxing jurisdiction. There is uncertainty as to what constitutes sufficient nexus for sales made over the Internet and, after the U.S. Supreme Court s ruling in South Dakota v. Wayfair, states may require an e-commerce business with no in-state property or personnel to collect and remit sales tax. Therefore, it is possible that we could face future audits or challenges of our positions by taxing authorities and that our liability for these taxes could exceed our estimates. The application of existing, new, or future laws, whether in the U.S. or internationally, could harm our business. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws. 
 Our platform and associated products are subject to various restrictions under U.S. export control and sanctions laws and regulations, including the U.S. Department of Commerce s Export Administration Regulations EAR and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). The U.S. export control laws and U.S. economic sanctions laws include restrictions or prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products and services to U.S.-embargoed or U.S.-sanctioned countries, governments, persons, and entities, and also require authorization for the export of certain encryption items. In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including through import permitting and licensing requirements and have enacted or could enact laws that could limit our ability to distribute our platform or could limit our hosts ability to implement our platform in those countries. 
 Although we have taken precautions to prevent our platform and associated products from being accessed or used in violation of such laws, we have inadvertently allowed our platform and associated products to be accessed or used by some customers in potential violation of U.S. economic sanction laws. In addition, we may have inadvertently made our software products available to some customers in potential violation of the EAR. As a result, we have submitted and from time to time will continue to submit as warranted voluntary self-disclosures regarding our compliance with U.S. sanctions and export control laws and regulations to OFAC and the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security BIS ). For instance, since March 2022, we have submitted certain reports to BIS detailing the findings from a review of our compliance with certain U.S. export control laws and regulations. 
 If we are found to be in violation of U.S. economic sanctions or export control laws in the future, it could result in fines and penalties. We may also be adversely affected through other penalties, business disruption, reputational harm, loss of access to certain markets, or otherwise. While we are working to implement additional controls designed to prevent similar activity from occurring in the future, these controls may not be fully effective. 
 Changes in our platform, or changes in export, sanctions, and import laws, may delay the introduction and sale of subscriptions to our platform in international markets; prevent our customers with international operations from using our platform; or, in some cases, prevent the access or use of our platform to and from certain countries, governments, persons, or entities altogether. Further, any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related laws, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations could result in decreased use of our platform or in our decreased ability to export or sell our platform to existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export or sell our platform would likely harm our business. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to, or assist law enforcement with enforcement of, a variety of U.S. and international laws that could result in claims, increase the cost of operations or otherwise harm our business due to changes in the laws, changes in the interpretations of the laws, greater enforcement of the laws, or investigations into compliance with the laws. 
 We may be subject to, or assist law enforcement with enforcement of, various laws, including those covering copyright, indecent content, child protection, consumer protection, telecommunications services, taxation, and similar matters. It may be difficult, expensive, and disruptive for us to address law enforcement requests, subpoenas and other legal process, and laws in various jurisdictions may conflict and hamper our ability to satisfy or comply with such requests, subpoenas and other legal process. There have been instances where improper or illegal content has been shared on our platform without our knowledge. As a service provider and as a matter of policy, we do not monitor user meetings. However, to ensure user safety and prevent conduct that is illegal, violent, or harmful to others, we enforce our terms of service through use of a mix of tools that suggest when such activity may be occurring on our platform. We also recently created an in-product security feature that allows the host or co-host of a meeting to easily select a meeting participant that may be engaging in illegal or harmful behavior and send a report about that behavior to our trust and safety team for evaluation. Our trust and safety team may take further action as appropriate, including suspension or termination of the participant's account or referral to law enforcement. While to date we have not been subject to material legal or administrative actions as a result of improper or illegal content, the laws in this area are currently in a state of flux and vary widely between jurisdictions. Accordingly, it may be possible that in the future we and our competitors may be subject to legal actions along with the users who shared such content. In addition, regardless of any legal liability we may face, our reputation could be harmed should there be an incident generating extensive negative publicity about the content shared on our platform. Such publicity would harm our business. 
 We are also subject to consumer protection laws that may affect our sales and marketing efforts, including laws related to subscriptions, billing, and auto-renewal. These laws, as well as any changes in these laws, could adversely affect our self-serve model and make it more difficult for us to retain and upgrade customers and attract new customers and hosts. Additionally, we have in the past, are currently, and may from time to time in the future become the subject of inquiries and other actions by regulatory authorities as a result of our business practices, including our subscription, billing, and auto-renewal policies. Consumer protection laws may be interpreted or applied by regulatory authorities in a manner that could require us to make changes to our operations or incur fines, penalties, or settlement expenses, which may result in harm to our business. 
 Our platform depends on the ability of our customers, hosts, and users to access the internet, and our platform has been blocked or restricted in some countries for various reasons. If we fail to anticipate developments in the law, or fail for any reason to comply with relevant law, our platform could be further blocked or restricted, and we could be exposed to significant liability that could harm our business. 
 We are also subject to various U.S. and international anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as well as other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations. These laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their employees and intermediaries, from directly or indirectly authorizing, offering, or providing improper payments or benefits to government officials and other recipients for improper purposes. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to device and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Although we take precautions to prevent violations of anti-corruption laws, our exposure for violating these laws increases as we continue to expand our international presence, and any failure to comply with such laws could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Zoom Phone is subject to U.S. federal and international regulation, and other products we may introduce in the future may also be subject to U.S. federal, state, or international laws, rules, and regulations. Any failure to comply with such laws, rules, and regulations could harm our business and expose us to liability. 
 Federal Regulation 
 Zoom Phone is provided through our wholly owned subsidiary, Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., which is regulated by the FCC as an interconnected voice over internet protocol VoIP service provider. As a result, Zoom Phone is subject to existing or potential FCC regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations relating to privacy, disability access, porting of numbers, federal Universal Service Fund USF ), contributions and other regulatory assessments, emergency calling/Enhanced 911 E-911 ), access charges for long distance services, and law enforcement access. Congress or the FCC may expand the scope of Zoom Phone s regulatory obligations at any time. In addition, FCC classification of Zoom Phone as a common carrier or telecommunications service could result in additional federal and state regulatory obligations. If we do not comply with any current or future state regulations that apply to our business, we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties, we may have to restructure our product offerings, exit certain markets, or raise the price of our products, any of which could ultimately harm our business and results of operations. Any enforcement action by the FCC, which may be a public 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 process, would hurt our reputation in the industry, possibly impair our ability to sell Zoom Phone to our customers and harm our business. 
 As described above, the FCC could reinstate its prior network neutrality regulations or adopt new regulations. See Part 1A Failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access could cause current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable, possibly leading our customers and hosts to switch to our competitors, or to cancel their subscriptions to our platform. Changes in FCC regulation of the internet and internet-based services also could impose new regulatory obligations on our other services. Such action could result in extension of common carrier regulation to internet-based communications services like the ones we offer. The imposition of common carrier regulation would increase our costs, and we could be required to modify our service offerings to comply with regulatory requirements. The failure to comply with such regulation could result in substantial fines and penalties and other sanctions. 
 There have been various Congressional and executive efforts to eliminate or modify Section 230 of the Communications Act of 1934, enacted as part of the Communications Decency Act of 1996. President Biden and many Members of Congress from both parties support the reform or repeal of Section 230, so the possibility of Congressional action remains. In addition, the FCC is considering a petition, filed by the Trump Administration, to adopt rules interpreting Section 230, which limits the liability of internet platforms for third-party content that is transmitted via those platforms and for good-faith moderation of offensive content. No date has been set for a vote on that proposal and the FCC has not released any document describing the rules that would be proposed. The Democratic members of the FCC have indicated that they are opposed to the petition and now control the agenda of the FCC. There is no schedule for action by the FCC on the petition. If Congress revises or repeals Section 230 or the FCC adopts rules, we may no longer be afforded the same level of protection offered by Section 230. In addition, there are pending cases before the judiciary that may result in changes to the protections afforded to internet platforms, including a lawsuit by former President Trump that, if successful, would greatly limit the scope of Section 230. Further, on October 3, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear a case to determine whether Google should be liable for damages because YouTube s suggestion algorithm promoted radical Islamic videos that incited a terrorist attack in France. A decision in that case is expected by the end of June 2023. These various efforts to limit the protections provided by Section 230 would increase the risks faced by internet-based businesses, like Zoom, that rely on third-party content. Even if claims asserted against us do not result in liability, we may incur substantial costs in investigating and defending such claims. If we are found liable for our customers or other users activities, we could be required to pay fines or penalties, redesign business methods or otherwise expend resources to remedy any damages caused by such actions and to avoid future liability. 
 The FCC has proposed to revise its rules requiring reporting of breaches of private customer information, known as CPNI. If adopted, the proposed rules could broaden the types of CPNI breaches that must be reported, but also could limit the number of reports that must be filed by adopting a minimum threshold for the number of customers affected. The proposed rules also would require that breach reports be provided directly to the FCC, which could increase the risk of enforcement action, including fines and behavioral remedies. 
 The FCC has adopted rules that prohibit Chinese companies that are deemed to be a national security risk by other federal agencies from obtaining new authorizations and placed on a list known as the Covered List to sell telecommunications equipment in the U.S. and is considering proposed rules that would ban those companies from selling previously-authorized equipment or could prohibit use of their equipment in the U.S. Zoom does not currently have any equipment from the companies subject to the ban in its network, but if other companies are added to the Covered List and the FCC adopts rules that ban sales or use of equipment from companies on the Covered List, we could be required to find new sources for similar equipment or replace existing equipment entirely. 
 State Regulation 
 State telecommunications regulation of Zoom Phone is generally preempted by the FCC. However, states are allowed to assess state USF contributions, E-911 fees, and other surcharges. A number of states require us to contribute to state USF and pay E-911 and other assessments and surcharges, while others are actively considering extending their programs to include the products we offer and the California Public Utilities Commission is now taking the position that it can require VoIP providers like Zoom Phone to obtain authority to operate in that state. We generally pass USF, E-911 fees, and other surcharges through to our customers where we are permitted to do so, which may result in our products becoming more expensive. We expect that state public utility commissions will continue their attempts to apply state telecommunications regulations to services like Zoom Phone. If we do not comply with any current or future state regulations that apply to our business, we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties, we may have to restructure our product offerings, exit certain markets, or raise the price of our products, any of which could harm our business. 
 A federal court judge denied a request for a preliminary injunction against California s state-specific network neutrality law, and as a result, California began enforcing that law on March 25, 2021. Trade associations representing internet service providers appealed the district court s ruling denying the preliminary injunction, and the appeal was denied on January 28, 2022. On April 20, 2022 the Ninth Circuit declined to rehear the case and the appellants have since announced that they will not 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 file for an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court. We cannot predict whether other state initiatives will be enforced, modified, overturned, or vacated. 
 Legislation has been adopted in Florida and Texas that is intended to reduce or eliminate the power of businesses operating on the Internet to moderate user-generated content, implicitly eliminating the federal protections granted under Section 230. Similar legislation has been introduced in other states in 2022, including a bill that has passed the Georgia State Senate and is pending before the Georgia House. Implementation of the Florida and Texas statutes has been stayed by various federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court. On August 18, the parties in the Florida case requested, and were granted, a stay of the appeals court mandate pending Supreme Court review, and on September 21, 2022, Florida requested that the Supreme Court review the case. On September 16, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued a decision upholding the Texas law. On September 30, the parties in that case filed an unopposed motion to stay the Fifth Circuit decision pending Supreme Court review, and the Fifth Circuit granted that request on October 13, 2022. The parties opposing the Texas law requested that the Supreme Court review the case on December 15, 2022. The conflict between the decisions on the two laws increases the likelihood that the Supreme Court will review these statutes. Florida recently amended its statute in an effort to address issues that led the court to issue the stay. It is likely that any other such state legislation also would be challenged under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and on the ground that it is preempted by Section 230. We cannot predict whether any such state legislation will be adopted, enforced, modified, overturned, or vacated. 
 International Regulation 
 As we expand internationally, we may be subject to telecommunications, consumer protection, privacy, data protection, and other laws and regulations in the foreign countries where we offer our products. If we do not comply with any current or future international regulations that apply to our business, we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties, we may have to restructure our product offerings, exit certain markets, or raise the price of our products, any of which could harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We are currently, and may be in the future, party to intellectual property rights claims and other litigation matters, which, if resolved adversely, could harm our business. 
 We protect our intellectual property through patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, and trade secrets and, from time to time, are subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. Some companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. As we face increasing competition and gain an increasingly high profile, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims, commercial claims, and other assertions against us grows. We have in the past been, are currently, and may from time to time in the future become, a party to litigation and disputes related to our intellectual property, our business practices, and our platform. While we intend to defend these lawsuits vigorously and believe that we have valid defenses to these claims, litigation can be costly and time consuming, divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations and dissuade potential customers from subscribing to our services, which would harm our business. Furthermore, with respect to these lawsuits, there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. We may need to settle litigation and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us, or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversible upon appeal. The terms of any settlement or judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial amounts to the other party. In addition, our agreements with certain larger customers include certain provisions for indemnifying them against liabilities if our services infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, which could require us to make payments to our customers. During the course of any litigation or dispute, we may make announcements regarding the results of hearings and motions and other interim developments. If securities analysts and investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of our Class A common stock may decline. With respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of third-party rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. A license to continue such practices may not be available to us at all, and we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or practices or discontinue the practices. The development of alternative, non-infringing technology or practices could require significant effort and expense. Our business could be harmed as a result. 
 Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights and proprietary information could diminish our brand and other intangible assets. 
 We primarily rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of patent, patent licenses, trade secret and domain name protection, trademark and copyright laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. We make business decisions about when to seek patent protection for a particular technology and when to rely upon copyright or trade secret protection, and the approach we select may ultimately prove to be inadequate. Even in cases where we seek patent protection, there is no assurance 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 that the resulting patents will effectively protect every significant feature of our products. In addition, we believe that the protection of our trademark rights is an important factor in product recognition, protecting our brand and maintaining goodwill. If we do not adequately protect our rights in our trademarks from infringement and unauthorized use, any goodwill that we have developed in those trademarks could be lost or impaired, which could harm our brand and our business. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights; third parties may challenge our proprietary right; our pending and future patent, trademark, and copyright applications may not be approved; and we may not be able to prevent infringement without incurring substantial expense. We have also devoted substantial resources to the development of our proprietary technologies and related processes. In order to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, we rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights, or develop similar technologies and processes. Further, the laws of certain foreign countries do not provide the same level of protection of corporate proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and records, as the laws of the United States. For instance, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad. Additionally, we may also be exposed to material risks of theft or unauthorized reverse engineering of our proprietary information and other intellectual property, including technical data, manufacturing processes, data sets, or other sensitive information. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights in such foreign countries may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our platform, brand, and other intangible assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively replicate our platform and its features. Any of these events would harm our business. 
 Our use of third-party open source software could negatively affect our ability to offer and sell subscriptions to our platform and subject us to possible litigation. 
 We have incorporated, and may in the future incorporate, third-party open source software in our technologies. Open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. From time to time, companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging the use of such open source software and requesting compliance with the open source software license terms. Accordingly, we may be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require end-users who use, distribute or make available across a network software and services that include open source software to offer aspects of the technology that incorporates the open source software for no cost. We may also be required to make publicly available source code (which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code) for modifications or derivative works we create based upon incorporating or using the open source software and/or to license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software into software that we license from such provider, we could be required to disclose our source code that incorporates or is a modification of such licensed software. While we use tools designed to help us monitor and comply with the licenses of third-party open source software and protect our valuable proprietary source code, we may inadvertently use third-party open source software in a manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance with the terms of their licenses, including claims of intellectual property rights infringement or for breach of contract. Furthermore, there exists today an increasing number of types of open source software licenses, almost none of which have been tested in courts of law to provide guidance of their proper legal interpretations. If we were to receive a claim of non-compliance with the terms of any of these open source licenses, we could be required to publicly release certain portions of our proprietary source code. We could also be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some of our software. Any of the foregoing could disrupt and harm our business. 
 In addition, the use of third-party open source software typically exposes us to greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software because open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the functionality or origin of the software. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to compromise our platform. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and could help our competitors develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. For example, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic recovery and recent changes in macroeconomic conditions such as high inflation, recessionary or uncertain environments and fluctuations in our currency exchange rates have caused uncertainty in our business and as a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock has significantly decreased along with the broader market. There are no assurances that the trading price of our Class A common stock will continue at this level for any period of time. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock include the following: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 volatility in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products, features, or services; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, products, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 any significant change in our management; and 
 general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets. 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. For example, in April 2020, June 2020, July 2020, and October 2021, we and certain of our officers and directors were sued in putative class action lawsuits and purported shareholder derivative lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws for allegedly making materially false and misleading statements about our data privacy and security measures. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s time and attention from other business concerns, which could harm our business. We may be the target of additional litigation of this type in the future as well. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to our IPO, including our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, limiting your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of January 31, 2023, the holders of our outstanding Class B common stock held 65.4 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, with our directors, executive officers and 5 stockholders and their respective affiliates holding 57.9 of such voting power in the aggregate. As of January 31, 2023, our founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric S. Yuan, together with his affiliates, held approximately 7.7 of our outstanding capital stock but controlled approximately 31.6 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Therefore, these holders have significant influence over our management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including election of directors and significant corporate transactions, 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 such as a merger or other sale of Zoom or our assets, for the foreseeable future. Each share of Class B common stock will be automatically converted into one share of Class A common stock upon the earliest of (i) the date that is six months following the death or incapacity of Mr. Yuan, (ii) the date that is six months following the date that Mr. Yuan is no longer providing services to us or his employment is terminated for cause, (iii) the date specified by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock, voting as a separate class, and (iv) the 15-year anniversary of the closing of our IPO. 
 In addition, the holders of Class B common stock collectively will continue to be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval even if their stock holdings represent less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, which will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. If, for example, Mr. Yuan retains a significant portion of his holdings of Class B common stock for an extended period of time, he could, in the future, control a majority of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. As a board member, Mr. Yuan owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Yuan is entitled to vote his shares in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. 
 In addition, in July 2017, FTSE Russell and Standard Poor s announced that they would cease to allow most newly public companies utilizing dual- or multi-class capital structures to be included in their indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400, and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Under the announced policies, our dual-class capital structure would make us ineligible for inclusion in any of these indices, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our stock. These policies may depress the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from the indices or depress our trading volume compared to those of other similar companies that are included. 
 Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. We may sell Class A common stock, convertible securities, and other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in subsequent transactions, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 
 Substantial future sales of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock (after automatically converting to Class A common stock) in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 In addition, certain of our stockholders have registration rights that would require us to register shares owned by them for public sale in the United States. We have also filed a registration statement to register shares reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. As a result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods and applicable volume and restrictions that apply to affiliates, the shares issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options or upon settlement of outstanding restricted stock unit RSU awards are available for immediate resale in the United States in the open market. 
 Sales of our shares could also impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities in the future and at a price we deem appropriate. These sales could also cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common stock. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to change our management or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us, and the market price of our Class A common stock may be lower as a result. 
 There are provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that may make it difficult for a third party to acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of Zoom, even if a change in control was considered favorable by our stockholders. 
 Our charter documents also contain other provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect, such as: 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 establishing a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board of directors are elected at one time; 
 permitting the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; 
 providing that directors may only be removed for cause; 
 prohibiting cumulative voting for directors; 
 requiring super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 
 authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 
 eliminating the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; and 
 our dual-class common stock structure as described above. 
 Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibit a person who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Any provision in our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the certificate of incorporation or the amended and restated bylaws; or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future returns on their investment. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Estimates of our market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts for the markets in which we compete, including those we have generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. Not every organization covered by our market opportunity estimates will necessarily buy video communications and collaboration platforms, and some or many of those organizations may choose to continue using legacy communication methods or point solutions offered by our competitors. It is impossible to build every product feature that every customer or host wants, and our competitors may develop and offer features that our platform does not provide. The variables that go into the calculation of our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of the organizations covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our solutions at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Even if the markets in which we compete meet the size estimates and growth forecasts, our business could fail to grow for a variety of reasons outside of our control, including competition in our industry. If any of these risks materializes, it could harm our business and prospects. 
 Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic events. 
 Occurrence of any catastrophic event, including earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack, disease, or health epidemics, could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In particular, our U.S. headquarters and some of the data centers we utilize are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity, and our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other significant natural disaster. In addition, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole. Even with our disaster recovery arrangements, our service could be interrupted. Moreover, if our systems were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event, our ability to deliver products to our users would be impaired, or we could lose critical data. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster and to execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business would be harmed. 
 We also face risks related to health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which impacted virtually every country in the world. An outbreak of a contagious disease, and other adverse health developments could have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and on our business. The effects could include business and service disruptions, such as the temporary closure of our facilities, restrictions on our employees' ability to travel to support our facilities and services, and difficulties in hiring new employees. While we have seen increased usage of our service globally, a significant portion of such increase is attributable to free Basic accounts, which do not generate any revenue. We cannot make any assurances that we will experience an increase in paid hosts or that new or existing users will continue to utilize our services at the same levels during the COVID-19 pandemic recovery. Furthermore, such increased usage by free Basic account users during this time has required and will continue to require us to expand our network capacity which will increase our operating costs. 
 We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio could negatively impact our financial results. 
 We have strategic investments in publicly traded and privately held companies. The financial success of our investments in any privately held company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. In addition, valuations of privately held companies are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data. Likewise, the financial success of our investment in any publicly held company is typically dependent upon an exit in favorable market conditions, and to a lesser extent on liquidity events. The capital markets for public offerings and acquisitions are dynamic and the likelihood of successful liquidity events for the companies we have invested in could significantly worsen. In addition, valuations of privately held companies are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data. 
 We record all fair value adjustments of our publicly traded and privately held non-marketable securities through the consolidated statement of operations. As a result, we may experience additional volatility to our statements of operations due to 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 changes in market prices of our investments in publicly held securities and the valuation and timing of observable price changes or impairments of our investments in privately held securities. Our ability to mitigate this volatility in any given period may be impacted by our contractual obligations to hold securities for a set period of time. All of our investments are subject to a risk of a partial or total loss of investment capital. Changes in the fair value or partial or total loss of investment capital of these individual companies could be material to our financial statements and negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 Our reported results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the FASB, the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results of operations and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. It is also difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could harm our business. 
 We may need additional capital, and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Historically, we have funded our operations and capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances and cash generated from our operations. Although we currently anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable future, we may require additional financing. We evaluate financing opportunities from time to time, and our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all, particularly during times of market volatility and general economic instability. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of our Class A common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate consolidated financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs; make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly; and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. In addition, changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we establish new business processes, systems, and controls to accommodate such changes. We have limited experience with implementing the systems and controls that will be necessary to operate as a public company, as well as adopting changes in accounting principles or interpretations mandated by the relevant regulatory bodies. Additionally, if these new systems, controls, or standards and the associated process changes do not give rise to the benefits that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports, or the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with any new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-implementation issues that may arise. 
 Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our business or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. We are required to provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and could cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our Class A common stock market price and trading volume could decline if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our Class A common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If one or more securities analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which might cause the price and trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the United States, which may harm our business. 
 As a public company listed in the United States, we incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market, may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events would also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on committees of our board of directors, or as members of senior management. 
 Investors and other stakeholders expectations of our performance relating to environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social and governance matters ESG ). Some investors may use these non-financial performance factors to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies and actions relating to ESG are inadequate. We may face reputational damage in the event that we do not meet the ESG standards set by various constituencies. 
 As ESG best practices and reporting standards continue to develop, we may incur increasing costs relating to ESG monitoring and reporting and complying with ESG initiatives. For example, the SEC has recently proposed climate change and ESG reporting requirements, which, if approved, would increase our compliance costs. We may also face greater costs to comply with new ESG standards or initiatives in the European Union. We recently published our ESG Report for fiscal year 2022, which describes, among other things, the measurement of our greenhouse gas emissions in 2021 and our efforts to reduce emissions. In addition, our ESG Report provides highlights of how we are supporting our workforce, including our efforts to promote diversity, equity, and inclusion. Our disclosures on these matters, or a failure to meet evolving stakeholder expectations for ESG practices and reporting, may potentially harm our reputation and customer relationships. Due to new 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory standards and market standards, certain new or existing customers, particularly those in the European Union, may impose stricter ESG guidelines or mandates for, and may scrutinize relationships more closely with, their counterparties, including us, which may lengthen sales cycles or increase our costs. 
 Furthermore, if our competitors ESG performance is perceived to be better than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest with our competitors instead. In addition, in the event that we communicate certain initiatives or goals regarding ESG matters, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Climate change may have an impact on our business. 
 While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change (such as drought, wildfires, hurricanes, increased storm severity and sea level rise), we recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, certain of our offices have experienced, and are projected to continue to experience, climate-related events at an increasing frequency, including drought, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our third-party suppliers and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. In addition, we may be subject to increased regulations, reporting requirements, standards or expectations regarding the environmental impacts of our business. 
 
 Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Jose, California, where we lease approximately 103,000 square feet of commercial space pursuant to operating leases that expire in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2030. In addition, we maintain additional offices in the United States and internationally in APAC and EMEA. 
 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 9 - Commitment and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under Legal Proceedings, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ZM. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 56 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 16 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held in street name by brokers and other nominees on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock represented by these holders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act. 
 The following graph compares (i) the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A common stock from April 18, 2019 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) through January 31, 2023 with (ii) the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index RUT and the Nasdaq Computer Index IXCO over the same period, assuming the investment of 100 in our Class A common stock and in both of the other indices on April 18, 2019 and the reinvestment of dividends. The graph uses the closing market price on April 18, 2019 of 62.00 per share as the initial value of our Class A common stock. As discussed above, we have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our Class A common stock and do not anticipate declaring or paying a cash dividend in the foreseeable future. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents information with respect to our repurchases of Class A common stock during the three months ended January 31, 2023: 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Publicly Announced Program (in thousands) (1) 
 November 1 - 30, 2022 9,222 December 1 31, 2022 126,407 72.98 126,407 January 1 31, 2023 Total 126,407 72.98 126,407 
 
 (1) In February 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 1.0 billion of our Class A common stock, which was completed in December 2022. See Note 10 "Stockholders Equity and Equity Incentive Plans" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to share repurchases. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 Omitted at registrant's option. 
 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors and in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to make communications frictionless and secure. 
 Zoom enables people to connect to others, share ideas, make plans, and build toward a future limited only by their imagination. Our frictionless communications and collaboration platform started with video as its foundation, and we have set the standard for innovation ever since. That is why Zoom is an intuitive, scalable, and secure choice for large enterprises, small businesses, and individuals alike. We provide a unified communications and collaboration platform that delivers happiness and fundamentally changes how people interact, connecting them through frictionless and secure meetings, phone, chat, content sharing and more. Our Developer Platform enables customers, developers, and service providers to easily build apps and integrations on top of Zoom s industry-leading video communications and collaboration platform, with opportunities for global discovery and distribution. Our virtual and hybrid event solutions allow users to seamlessly create and manage engaging events. 
 We believe that face-to-face communications build greater empathy and trust. We strive to live up to the trust our customers place in us by delivering a communications solution while prioritizing their privacy and security. Our 28 co-located data centers worldwide and the public cloud in conjunction with our proprietary adaptive rate codec enable us to provide both high-quality and high-definition, real-time video to our customers even in low-bandwidth environments. 
 We generate revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our unified communications and collaboration platform. Subscription revenue is driven primarily by the number of paid hosts as well as purchases of additional products, including Zoom Phone, Zoom Spaces, Zoom Events, Zoom Contact Center and Zoom IQ for Sales. A host is any user of our unified communications and collaboration platform who initiates a Zoom Meeting and invites one or more participants to join that meeting. We refer to hosts who subscribe to a paid Zoom Meeting plan as paid hosts. We define a customer as a separate and distinct buying entity, which can be a single paid user or host or an organization of any size (including a distinct unit of an organization) that has multiple paid hosts. Our Zoom One Basic offering is free and gives hosts access to Zoom Meetings with core features but with the limitation that meetings time-out at 40 minutes. Our core paid offerings are available with our Zoom One bundles: Zoom One Pro, Business, Business Plus, Enterprise, and Enterprise Plus. The Zoom One bundles are designed for different business needs and are composed of Zoom Meetings, Zoom Team Chat, Zoom Whiteboard and Mail and Calendar as well as Zoom Phone, Zoom Webinars and Zoom Rooms for our Enterprise plans. We also offer vertical-specific plans for Education, Healthcare and Government which provide incremental features and functionality, such as different participant limits, administrative controls, and reporting. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 For Zoom Phone, plans include Zoom Phone Pro, which provides extension-to-extension calling or can be used with the Bring Your Own Carrier model wherein the customer connects Zoom Phone to an existing carrier. We also offer Regional Unlimited and Regional Metered calling plans in four specific markets (Australia/New Zealand, Japan, United Kingdom/Ireland and United States/Canada). In addition, we introduced the Global Select plan in August 2020, which allows customers to select from local numbers and domestic calling in more than 45 countries and territories where Zoom has local public switched telephone network PSTN coverage. 
 Our revenue was 4,393.0 million, 4,099.9 million, and 2,651.4 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, representing period-over-period growth rate of 7 and 55 for fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022, respectively. We had net income of 103.7 million, 1,375.6 million, and 672.3 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities was 1,290.3 million, 1,605.3 million, and 1,471.2 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Macroeconomic Conditions and other Factors 
 Recent changes in macroeconomic conditions such as high inflation, recessionary and uncertain environments, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, have and may continue to cause uncertainty in our business. For the year ended January 31, 2023, we experienced continued growth in total revenue and revenue from Enterprise customers. However, macroeconomic conditions, including high inflation and continued uncertainty regarding the current and future political and economic environment, have and may continue to impact the future demand for subscriptions to our unified communications and collaboration platform. For example, for the year ended January 31, 2023, we experienced unfavorable foreign currency impact as a result of the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign jurisdictions where we do a significant amount of business, which resulted in a 69.1 million negative impact on revenue for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 During the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, many organizations resorted to mandating employees to work from home, which resulted in these organizations seeking out video communication solutions like ours to keep employees as productive as possible, even while working from home. There is no assurance that we will experience an increase in paid hosts or that new or existing users will continue to utilize our service after the COVID-19 pandemic has tapered globally. As reported in prior periods we experienced significant revenue growth. This revenue growth has declined and we expect our revenue growth to generally decline as compared to prior periods. Many factors may contribute to declines in our growth rate, among other things, higher market penetration, increased competition, slowing demand for our platform from the tapering of the COVID-19 pandemic, a slower than anticipated capitalization on growth opportunities, and the maturation of our business. 
 We continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have been widespread, and while the COVID-19 pandemic has tapered, it continues to fluctuate in severity. Our recent declines in revenue growth are primarily attributable to the tapering of the COVID-19 pandemic along with other macroeconomic factors. At the same time, it is starting to become clear that some of the behavioral trends the COVID-19 pandemic fostered, including the shift to remote and hybrid work, may remain in place for an indeterminate amount of time. Given this, it is not possible for us to quantify how the tapering of the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our current and future operations. 
 In addition the global impacts of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, including various sanctions and export restrictions on Russia and Belarus by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and other governmental authorities remain highly uncertain. The Russia-Ukraine war impacted our EMEA revenue for the year ended January 31, 2023. Our customers in Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine represented less than 1 of our net assets and total consolidated revenue as of the year ended January 31, 2023. If the Russia-Ukraine war continues or worsens, leading to additional sanctions, tightened export restrictions, and greater global economic disruptions and uncertainty, our business and results of operations could be materially impacted. 
 We are continuously monitoring the impact of these circumstances on our business and financial results, as well as the overall global economy and geopolitical landscape. The implications of macroeconomic conditions on our business, results of operations and overall financial position, particularly in the long term, remain uncertain. On February 7, 2023, as a result of the economic environment, we announced a restructuring plan intended to reduce operating costs and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. The restructuring plan includes a reduction of our current workforce by approximately 15 . 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Acquiring New Customers 
 We are focused on continuing to grow the number of customers that use our platform. Our operating results and growth prospects will depend, in part, on our ability to attract new customers. While we believe there is a significant market 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 opportunity that our platform addresses, it is difficult to predict customer adoption rates or the future growth rate and size of the market for our platform. We will need to continue to invest in sales and marketing in order to address this opportunity by hiring, developing, and retaining talented sales personnel who are able to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time. 
 Expansion of Zoom Across Existing Enterprise Customers 
 We believe that there is a large opportunity for growth with many of our existing customers. Many customers have increased the size of their subscriptions as they have expanded their use of our platform across their operations. Some of our larger customers start with a deployment of Zoom Meetings with one team, location, or geography, before rolling out our platform throughout their organization. Several of our largest customers have deployed our platform globally to their entire workforce following smaller initial deployments. This expansion in the use of our platform also provides us with opportunities to market and sell additional products to our customers, such as Zoom for Home, Rooms at each office location, Developer Platform solutions, Spaces, Events, Contact Center and IQ for Sales. In order for us to address this opportunity to expand the use of our products with our existing customers, we will need to maintain the reliability of our platform and produce new features and functionality that are responsive to our customers requirements for enterprise-grade solutions. 
 We quantify our expansion across existing Enterprise customers through our net dollar expansion rate. We define Enterprise customers as distinct business units who have been engaged by either our direct sales team, resellers, or strategic partners. Revenue from Enterprise customers represented 54.8 , 47.6 and 45.6 of total revenue for the year ending January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our net dollar expansion rate includes the increase in user adoption within our Enterprise customers, as our subscription revenue is primarily driven by the number of paid hosts within a customer and the purchase of additional products, and compares our subscription revenue from the same set of Enterprise customers across comparable periods. We calculate net dollar expansion rate as of a period end by starting with the annual recurring revenue ARR from all Enterprise customers as of 12 months prior Prior Period ARR ). We define ARR as the annualized revenue run rate of subscription agreements from all customers at a point in time. We calculate ARR by taking the monthly recurring revenue MRR and multiplying it by 12. MRR is defined as the recurring revenue run-rate of subscription agreements from all Enterprise customers for the last month of the period, including revenue from monthly subscribers who have not provided any indication that they intend to cancel their subscriptions. We then calculate the ARR from these Enterprise customers as of the current period end Current Period ARR ), which includes any upsells, contraction, and attrition. We divide the Current Period ARR by the Prior Period ARR to arrive at the net dollar expansion rate. For the trailing 12-months calculation, we take an average of the net dollar expansion rate over the trailing 12 months. Our net dollar expansion rate may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the level of penetration within our customer base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our Enterprise customers. Our trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers was 115 , 130 , and 152 as of January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Retention of Online Customers 
 In addition to Enterprise customers, we also have a significant number of customers that subscribe to our services directly through our website Online customers ). Online customers represent a diverse customer base, ranging from individual consumers to small and medium size businesses. We continue to focus on acquisition and retention of our online customer base through various strategies to improve the features and functionalities of our products and services. Revenue from Online customers represented 45.2 , 52.4 , and 54.4 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The ability to retain these Online customers will have an impact on our future revenue. The online monthly average churn for our Online customers was 3.4 , 3.9 , and 4.9 per month for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. One of the dynamics in the Online portion of the business is the MRR contribution from customers that have retained Zoom services for a certain portion of time as these customers tend to maintain their subscriptions and contribute meaningfully to the Online business. As of January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 the percentage of total Online MRR from Online customers with a continual term of service of at least 16 months was 72.0 , 59.0 and 10.0 respectively. 
 We calculate our online average monthly churn by starting with the Online customer MRR as of the beginning of the applicable quarter Entry MRR ). We define Entry MRR as the recurring revenue run-rate of subscription agreements from all Online customers except for subscriptions that we recorded as churn in a previous quarter based on the customers' earlier indication to us of their intention to cancel that subscription. We then determine the MRR related to customers who canceled or downgraded their subscription or notified us of that intention during the applicable quarter Applicable Quarter MRR Churn and divide the Applicable Quarter MRR Churn by the applicable quarter Entry MRR to arrive at the MRR churn rate for Online Customers for the applicable quarter. We then divided that amount by three to calculate the online average monthly churn. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Innovation and Expansion of Our Platform 
 We continue to invest resources to enhance the capabilities of our platform. For example, we have recently introduced a number of product enhancements, including new features for Zoom Phone, Zoom Meetings, Zoom Webinars, and Zoom Events and launched Zoom Contact Center, Zoom Virtual Agent, Zoom IQ for sales, Zoom Whiteboard and Zoom Mail and Calendar. We addressed new work-from-home realities with the introduction of Zoom for Home, a solution designed for the home office that combines Zoom software enhancements with compatible hardware. We also deliver Zoom Phone calling plans in more than 45 countries and territories as of January 31, 2023. Third-party developers are also a key component of our strategy for platform innovation to make it easier for customers and developers to extend our product portfolio with new functionalities. We believe that as more developers and other third parties use our platform to integrate major third-party applications, we will become the ubiquitous platform for communications and collaboration. We will need to expend additional resources to continue introducing new products, features, and functionality, and supporting the efforts of third parties to enhance the value of our platform with their own applications. 
 An end-to-end encryption E2EE option is available to free and paid Zoom customers globally who host meetings with up to 200 participants as well as on Zoom Phone. Zoom s E2EE uses the same AES-256-GCM encryption that secures Zoom meetings by default, but with Zoom s E2EE, the meeting host, or originating caller in the case of Zoom Phone, as opposed to Zoom's servers, generates encryption keys and uses public key cryptography to distribute these keys to the other meeting participants or call recipient. 
 International Opportunity 
 Our platform addresses the communications and collaboration needs of users worldwide, and we see international expansion as a major opportunity. Our revenue from the rest of world (APAC and EMEA) represented 30 , 33 , and 31 of our total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The decrease in revenue from the rest of the world in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was due to the impact of the strengthening of the U.S dollar along with macroeconomic conditions in the EMEA region. We plan to add local sales support in further select international markets over time. We use strategic partners and resellers to sell in certain international markets where we have limited or no direct sales presence. While we believe global demand for our platform will continue to increase as international market awareness of Zoom grows, our ability to conduct our operations internationally will require considerable management attention and resources, and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal and regulatory systems, alternative dispute systems, and commercial markets. 
 
 Key Business Metrics 
 We review the following key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. 
 Number of Enterprise Customers 
 We believe that our ability to increase the number of Enterprise customers is an indicator of our potential future business opportunities, the growth of our business, and an indicator of our market penetration. Increasing awareness of our platform and capabilities, coupled with the mainstream adoption of our technology, has expanded the diversity of our customer base to include organizations of all sizes across all industries. Over time, we expect Enterprise customers to represent a larger share of our business. As of January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we had approximately 213,000, 191,000, and 141,100 Enterprise customers, respectively. 
 Customers Contributing More Than 100,000 of Trailing 12 Months Revenue 
 We focus on growing the number of customers that contribute more than 100,000 of trailing 12 months revenue as it is a measure of our ability to scale with our customers and attract larger organizations to Zoom. Revenue from these customers represented 27 , 22 , and 20 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we had 3,471, 2,725, and 1,644 customers, respectively, that contributed more than 100,000 of trailing 12 months revenue, demonstrating our rapid penetration of larger organizations, including enterprises. These customers are a subset of Enterprise customers. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that free cash flow FCF is a non-GAAP financial measure that is useful in evaluating our liquidity. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 We define FCF as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment. We believe that FCF is a useful indicator of liquidity that provides information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated from our operations that, after investments in property and equipment, can be used for future growth. FCF is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of other GAAP financial measures, such as net cash provided by operating activities. It is important to note that other companies, including companies in our industry, may not use this metrics, may calculate t metrics differently, or may use other financial measures to evaluate their liquidity, all of which could reduce the usefulness of these non-GAAP metrics as a comparative measure. 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flows for the fiscal years presented and a reconciliation of FCF to net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP: 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,290,262 1,605,266 1,471,177 Less: purchases of property and equipment (103,826) (132,590) (79,972) Free cash flow (non-GAAP) 1,186,436 1,472,676 1,391,205 Net cash used in investing activities (318,322) (2,859,097) (1,562,420) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (936,942) 34,068 2,050,277 

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We derive our revenue from subscription agreements with customers for access to our unified communications and collaboration platform. Our customers generally do not have the ability to take possession of our software. We also provide services, which include professional services, consulting services, and online event hosting, which are generally considered distinct from the access to our unified communications and collaboration platform. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these services over the contract term which can include a free period discount. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of costs related to hosting our unified communications and collaboration platform and providing general operating support services to our customers. These costs are related to our co-located data centers, third-party cloud hosting, integrated third-party PSTN services, personnel-related expenses, amortization of capitalized software development and acquired intangible assets, royalty payments, and allocated overhead. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our research and development organization, depreciation of equipment used in research and development, and allocated overhead. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our sales and marketing organization. Other sales and marketing expenses include advertising and promotional events to promote our brand, such as awareness programs, digital programs, public relations, tradeshows, and our user conference, Zoomtopia, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses also include credit card processing fees related to sales and amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses associated with our finance and legal organizations; professional fees for external legal, accounting, and other consulting services; expected credit losses; insurance; certain indirect taxes; litigation settlements; corporate security and regulatory expenses; and allocated overhead. 
 (Losses) gains on Strategic Investments, Net 
 (Losses) gains on strategic investments, net consist primarily of remeasurement gains or losses on our equity investments. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense) income, net consists primarily of interest income and net accretion on our marketable securities and effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of income taxes related to federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth selected consolidated statements of operations data and such data as a percentage of revenue for each of the fiscal years indicated: 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Revenue 4,392,960 4,099,864 2,651,368 Cost of revenue (1) 
 1,100,451 1,054,554 821,989 Gross profit 3,292,509 3,045,310 1,829,379 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 
 774,059 362,990 164,080 Sales and marketing (1) 
 1,696,590 1,135,959 684,904 General and administrative (1) 
 576,431 482,770 320,547 Total operating expenses 3,047,080 1,981,719 1,169,531 Income from operations 245,429 1,063,591 659,848 (Losses) gains on strategic investments, net (37,571) 43,761 2,538 Other income (expense), net 41,418 (5,720) 15,648 Income before provision (benefits) for income taxes 249,276 1,101,632 678,034 Provision (benefits) for income taxes 145,565 (274,007) 5,718 Net income 103,711 1,375,639 672,316 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Cost of revenue 174,546 69,612 34,960 Research and development 361,720 113,000 50,161 Sales and marketing 532,371 229,297 146,377 General and administrative 217,115 65,378 44,320 Total stock-based compensation expense 1,285,752 477,287 275,818 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 (as a percentage of revenue) Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenue 25.1 25.7 31.0 Gross profit 74.9 74.3 69.0 Operating expenses: Research and development 17.6 8.9 6.2 Sales and marketing 38.6 27.7 25.8 General and administrative 13.1 11.8 12.1 Total operating expenses 69.3 48.4 44.1 Income from operations 5.6 25.9 24.9 (Losses) gains on strategic investments, net 
 (0.9) 1.1 0.1 Other income (expense), net 1.0 (0.1) 0.6 Income before provision (benefits) for income taxes 5.7 26.9 25.6 Provision (benefits) for income taxes 3.3 (6.7) 0.2 Net income 2.4 33.6 25.4 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 4,392,960 4,099,864 293,096 7.1 
 Revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased by 293.1 million, or 7.1 , compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The increase in revenue was due to a 23.6 increase in revenue from subscription services provided to Enterprise customers, of which 87.6 and 12.4 were from existing and new customers, respectively. This increase was partially offset by a 7.7 decline in revenue from subscription services provided to Online customers. 
 Cost of Revenue Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue 1,100,451 1,054,554 45,897 4.4 Gross profit 3,292,509 3,045,310 247,199 8.1 Gross margin 74.9 74.3 
 Cost of revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased by 45.9 million, or 4.4 , compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 147.9 million in personnel-related expenses, which includes an increase of 104.9 million in stock-based compensation expense, mainly driven by additional headcount and expanded equity programs, an increase of 29.8 million related to subscription to software-based services, and an increase in allocated overhead of 8.7 million , partially offset by a decrease of 144.6 million in costs mainly driven by the net impact of the transition from third-party cloud hosting to internal data centers and cloud optimization. 
 Gross margin increased to 74.9 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 from 74.3 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The increase in gross margin was mainly due to increased efficiencies as we expanded our internal data center capacity; in addition, during the current fiscal year, we reinstated the 40-minute time limit for meetings with more than two endpoints from our free Basic accounts for more than 125,000 K-12 school domains worldwide, which was temporarily lifted at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. These cost-saving measures were partially offset by the impact from higher stock-based compensation expense. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Research and development 774,059 362,990 411,069 113.2 
 Research and development expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased by 411.1 million, or 113.2 , compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses of 388.4 million, which includes a 248.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, mainly driven by the increased headcount and expanded equity programs, and an increase of 139.7 million in non-stock based related personal costs due to a 67 increase in headcount. The remainder of the increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 21.6 million in allocated overhead expenses. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 1,696,590 1,135,959 560,631 49.4 
 Sales and marketing expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased by 560.6 million, or 49.4 , compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The increase in sales and marketing expense was primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses of 471.4 million, which includes an increase of 303.1 million in stock based compensation, mainly driven by additional headcount and expanded equity programs, and an increase of 82.1 million in amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs. The remaining increase was primarily due to an increase of 76.9 million in marketing and sales event-related costs mainly due to an increase in awareness, social media and digital programs, and an increase of 14.9 million in allocated overhead expenses. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative 576,431 482,770 93,661 19.4 
 General and administrative expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased by 93.7 million, or 19.4 , compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to an increase of 193.2 million in personnel-related expenses, which includes a 151.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, mainly driven by additional headcount and expanded equity programs, and an increase of 11.4 million related to subscription to software-based services offset by a decrease of 71.1 million in litigation settlement expense, net of amounts estimated to be covered by insurance and a decrease of 24.1 million related to professional services composed primarily of legal and other consulting fees. 
 Gains on Strategic Investments, Net 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) (Losses) Gains on strategic investments, net (37,571) 43,761 81,332 (185.9) 
 Losses on strategic investments, net recognized during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 were primarily driven by 36.8 million of unrealized losses recognized on our publicly traded equity securities, while gains on strategic investments, net recognized during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 were driven by 49.9 million of unrealized gains recognized on our privately held equity securities, partially offset by 6.2 million unrealized losses recognized on our publicly traded equity securities. 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Other income (expense), net 41,418 (5,720) 47,138 (824.1) 
 Other income (expense), net for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased by 47.1 million, or 824.1 , compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The increase was mainly driven by an increase of 45.6 million in investment yield. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 145,565 (274,007) 419,572 (153.1) 
 Provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was 145.6 million, compared to a benefit from income taxes of 274.0 million the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The change in income taxes was primarily due to tax shortfalls on stock-based compensation, non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, changes in the valuation allowance on certain state deferred tax assets, and other compensation-related permanent differences as of January 31, 2023, compared to tax windfalls on stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance release on the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 For a discussion of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of January 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 5.4 billion, which were held for working capital purposes and for investment in growth opportunities. Our marketable securities generally consist of high-grade commercial paper, corporate bonds, agency bonds, corporate and other debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, and treasury bills. 
 We have financed our operations primarily through income from operations and sales of equity securities. Cash from operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the recent changes in macroeconomic conditions such as high inflation, recessionary environments, and the fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, could impact the timing of cash collections from our customers and other risks detailed in the section titled Risk Factors. However, based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with net cash provided by operations, will be sufficient to meet our needs for at least the next 12 months and allow us to capitalize on growth opportunities. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities and available cash balances. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue growth rate, subscription renewal activity, billing frequency, the timing and extent of spending to support further sales and marketing and research and development efforts, as well as expenses associated with our international expansion, and the timing and extent of additional capital expenditures to invest in existing and new office spaces as well as data center infrastructure. We may, in the future, enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, including intellectual property rights. We may choose or be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our leases for office space and equipment, as well as non-cancelable purchase obligations. Expected timing of those payments are as follows: 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1 3 Years 3 5 Years More Than 5 Years (in thousands) Operating lease obligations 105,176 25,886 48,706 22,580 8,004 Non-cancelable purchase obligations 298,855 191,902 104,253 2,700 Total contractual obligations 404,031 217,788 152,959 25,280 8,004 
 The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in the table above. See the Future minimum lease payments table in Note 7 and Non-cancelable Purchase Obligations in Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more details. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,290,262 1,605,266 1,471,177 Net cash used in investing activities (318,322) (2,859,097) (1,562,420) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (936,942) 34,068 2,050,277 
 Operating Activities 
 Our largest source of operating cash is cash collections from our customers for subscriptions to our platform. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for employee-related expenditures, costs related to hosting our platform, and marketing expenses. Net cash provided by operating activities is impacted by our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expenses, as well as the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 1,290.3 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to 1,605.3 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The decrease in operating cash flow was mainly driven by higher income tax payments and lower increases in deferred revenue. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 318.3 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was primarily due to cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired, of 120.6 million, purchases of property and equipment of 103.8 million, purchases of strategic investments of 69.1 million, net purchases of marketable securities of 13.9 million, and purchases of intangible assets of 11.3 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 2,859.1 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was primarily due to net purchases of marketable securities of 2,404.8 million, purchases of strategic investments of 305.1 million, purchases of property and equipment of 132.6 million, purchases of intangible assets of 13.0 million, and cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired, of 3.5 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 936.9 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was primarily due to cash paid for repurchases of common stock of 1.0 billion, offset by proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to our employee stock purchase plan ESPP of 53.7 million and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 8.6 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 34.1 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was primarily due to proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to our ESPP of 59.3 million, proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 14.4 million, offset by proceeds from international employee stock sales remitted to employees and tax authorities of 40.0 million. 
 For a discussion of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 , please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 1.0 billion of our Class A common, which was completed in December 2022. See Note 10 "Stockholders Equity and Equity Incentive Plans" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to share repurchases. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Critical accounting estimates are those accounting estimates that require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. These estimates are developed based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Critical accounting estimates are accounting estimates where the nature of the estimates are material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and the impact of the estimates on financial condition or operating performance is material. 
 We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements, the following critical estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive our revenue primarily from subscription agreements with customers for access to our unified communications and collaboration platform and services. We also provide other services, which include professional services, consulting services, and online event hosting, which were immaterial to our consolidated financial statements. Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these services over the contract term which can include a free period discount. We apply judgment during the identification of a contract to determine the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining to the customer. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur. 
 Cost to Obtain a Contract 
 We primarily capitalize sales commissions and associated payroll taxes paid to internal sales personnel that are incremental costs from the acquisition of customer contracts. These costs are recorded as deferred contract acquisition costs in the consolidated balance sheets. We determine whether costs should be deferred based on our sales compensation plans and if the commissions are incremental and would not have occurred absent the customer contract. 
 Sales commissions paid upon the initial acquisition of a customer contract are amortized over an estimated period of benefit of three years, which is typically greater than the contractual terms of the customer contracts. Significant judgment is required in arriving at this estimated period of benefit. We determine the period of benefit for commissions paid for the acquisition of the initial customer contract by taking into consideration the initial estimated customer life and the technological life of our unified communications and collaboration platform and related significant features. We do not pay sales commissions upon contract renewal. Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis commensurate with the pattern of revenue recognition. 
 Business Combinations and Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, allocation of the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill if new information is obtained related to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Acquisition costs, such as legal and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred. 
 Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As of January 31, 2023, no impairment of goodwill has been identified. 
 Intangible assets consist of acquired identifiable intangible assets resulting from business combinations, as well as other intangible assets purchased outside of a business combination. Finite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. We routinely evaluate the estimated remaining useful 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 lives of our finite-lived intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are recorded at fair value and are not amortized. We review the useful lives of indefinite-lived intangible assets each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life classification. If we determine that the life of an intangible asset is no longer indefinite, that asset would be tested for impairment and amortized prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. We have not recorded any impairment charges during the fiscal years presented. 
 Strategic Investments 
 Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. 
 Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available market data. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market. The valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying values of our privately held equity securities are adjusted if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available, as adjusted to reflect the specific rights and preferences of those securities we hold. 
 We assess our privately held debt and equity securities strategic investment portfolio quarterly for indicators for impairment. Our impairment analysis encompasses a qualitative assessment evaluates key factors including but not limited to the investee s financial metrics, market acceptance of the product or technology, and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered to be impaired, we record the investment at fair value by recognizing an impairment through the consolidated statement of operations and establishing a new carrying value for the investment. 
 The privately held debt and equity securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to those of other securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation to movement of the total enterprise value of the company. As a result, our investment value in a specific company may move by more or less than any change in the value of that overall company. An immediate decrease of ten percent in enterprise value of our largest privately held equity securities held as of January 31, 2023 would not have had a material impact on the value of our investment portfolio. 
 Income Taxes 
 We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized based on the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. We make assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine the current income tax provision (benefit), deferred tax asset and liabilities and valuation allowance recorded against a deferred tax asset. The assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current income tax provision (benefit) take into account current tax laws, their interpretation and possible results of foreign and domestic tax audits. Changes in tax law, their interpretation and resolution of tax audits could significantly impact the income taxes provided in our consolidated financial statements. Assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the amount of deferred income taxes take into account future taxable income. Any of the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause the actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates. 
 Critical accounting estimates and the related assumptions are evaluated periodically as conditions warrant, and changes to such estimates are recorded as new information or changed conditions require. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency and Exchange Risk 
 The majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, with a portion of our revenue from amounts denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations, which are primarily in Australia, China, Europe and the United States. Our results of current and future operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For the fiscal year ending January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, 20.0 , 22.6 and 20.2 of our revenue, respectively and 10.8 , 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 16.8 and 11.9 of our expenses, respectively were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. As the impact of foreign currency exchange rates has not been material to our historical operating results, we have not entered into derivative or hedging transactions, but we may do so in the future if our exposure to foreign currency becomes more significant. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 1.1 billion and marketable securities of 4.3 billion as of January 31, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents consist of bank deposits, money market funds and high-grade commercial paper, and agency bonds. Our marketable securities generally consist of high-grade commercial paper, agency bonds, corporate and other debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, and treasury bills. The cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for working capital purposes. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Due to the short-term nature of our investments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 63 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 69 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 71 

62 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Zoom Video Communications, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II: valuation and qualifying accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Sufficiency of Audit Evidence Over Revenue 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s revenue is principally derived from the sale of subscriptions to the Company s video communications platform. The Company recorded 4,393 million of revenue for the year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue as a critical audit matter. This matter required especially subjective auditor judgment because the Company s revenue recognition process is highly automated and is reliant upon a number of customized and proprietary information technology (IT) systems. Involvement of IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge was required to assist with the performance of certain procedures and determination of IT applications subject to testing. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over revenue. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to revenue recognition. This included certain controls related to the Company s general information technology and application controls related to the systems utilized within the Company s revenue recognition process. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing the IT controls of the various systems interacting with the Company s revenue recognition process. We recalculated revenue for system-generated sales transactions during the year using a software audit tool. For a sample of transactions, we compared the amounts recognized for consistency with underlying documentation, including contracts with customers and cash receipts. Additionally, for the same sample of transactions, we recalculated the amount of revenue recognized in the period based on the terms of the arrangement and the satisfaction of the underlying performance obligation. In addition, we evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over revenue by assessing the results of procedures performed. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 March 3, 2023 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) As of January 31, 
 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Deferred contract acquisition costs, current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Deferred contract acquisition costs, noncurrent Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Strategic investments Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other assets, noncurrent Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue, current Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Other liabilities, noncurrent Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized as of January 31, 2023 and 2022; shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Common stock, par value per share, Class A shares authorized as of January 31, 2023 and 2022; and shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; Class B shares authorized as of January 31, 2023 and 2022; and shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Income from operations (Losses) gains on strategic investments, net ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net income Undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of tax effect of , , and during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of January 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock upon follow-on public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon release of restricted stock units Charitable donation of common stock Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net income Balance as of January 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon release of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income ) ) Net income Balance as of January 31, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon release of restricted stock units ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance as of January 31, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs Losses (gains) on strategic investments, net ) ) Depreciation and amortization Provision for accounts receivable allowances Non-cash operating lease cost Charitable donation of common stock Amortization of discount/premium on marketable securities Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Deferred contract acquisition costs ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Maturities of marketable securities Sales of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of strategic investments ) ) ) Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Cash paid for repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from employee equity transactions to be remitted (remitted) to employees and tax authorities, net ) Proceeds from follow-on public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs Other Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of year 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for income taxes, net Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing information Purchase of equipment during the period included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Vesting of early exercised stock options Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash within the consolidated balance sheets to the amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows above: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash, noncurrent included in other assets, noncurrent Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 No single customer accounted for more than 10 of accounts receivable at January 31, 2023 or 2022. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of total revenue during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, or 2021. 
 million and million, respectively, of cash from proceeds from international employees sales of our common stock. The amount is held in our bank account until it is remitted to the employees and the tax authorities. Due to the restrictions on the use of the funds in the bank account, we have classified the amount as restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and a corresponding amount is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Less: Allowance for returns ) ) Accounts receivable, net 

Provision for credit losses Write-offs ) ) Balance as of end of year 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 As of January 31, 2023, we recognized an immaterial amount of impairment to our privately held debt and equity securities. 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of . Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Significant improvements and betterments that substantially enhance the life of an asset are capitalized. 
 , and are recorded in cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and test for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. We have capitalized million, million, and million of software development costs during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

There were impairment charges recognized related to long-lived assets during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, or 2021. 
 reporting unit and as a result, goodwill has been assigned to the single reporting unit. We conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 and determined that no adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was required. 
 Intangible assets consist of acquired identifiable intangible assets resulting from business combinations, as well as other intangible assets purchased outside of a business combination, such as domains and intellectual property addresses. Finite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. We routinely evaluate the estimated remaining useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are recorded at fair value and are not amortized. We review the useful lives of indefinite-lived intangible assets each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life classification. If we determine that the life of an intangible asset is no longer indefinite, that asset would be tested for impairment and amortized prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. There were no impairment charges to acquired intangible assets during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 of total revenue during the periods presented. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, who is our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. Our chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance based upon consolidated financial information. 
 Revenue by geographical region can be found in the revenue recognition disclosures in Note 2 below. 
 APAC EMEA Total property and equipment, net 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 APAC EMEA Total 
 Contract Balances 
 We receive payments from customers based on a billing schedule as established in our customer contracts. Accounts receivable are recorded when we contractually have the right to consideration. In some arrangements, a right to consideration for our performance under the customer contract may occur before invoicing to the customer, resulting in an unbilled accounts receivable. The amount of unbilled accounts receivable included within accounts receivable, net of allowances on the consolidated balance sheets was million and million as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and the amount of unbilled accounts receivable included within other assets, noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheets was immaterial as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue. Revenue is deferred when we have the right to invoice in advance of performance under a customer contract. The current portion of deferred revenue balances is recognized over the next 12 months. The amount of revenue recognized during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of each period was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The terms of our subscription agreements are monthly, annual, and multiyear and we may bill for the full term in advance or on an annual, quarterly, or monthly basis, depending on the billing terms with customers. As of January 31, 2023, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to our remaining performance obligations was million, which consists of both billed consideration in the amount of million and unbilled consideration in the amount of million that we expect to recognize as revenue. We expect to recognize of our remaining performance obligations as revenue over the next months and the remainder thereafter. 
 Cost to Obtain a Contract 
 We primarily capitalize sales commissions and associated payroll taxes paid to internal sales personnel that are incremental costs from the acquisition of customer contracts. These costs are recorded as deferred contract acquisition costs in the consolidated balance sheets. We determine whether costs should be deferred based on our sales compensation plans and if the commissions are incremental and would not have occurred absent the customer contract. 
 Sales commissions paid upon the initial acquisition of a customer contract are amortized over an estimated period of benefit of , which is typically greater than the contractual terms of the customer contracts. We do not pay sales commissions upon contract renewal. Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis commensurate with the pattern of revenue recognition. We determine the period of benefit for commissions paid for the acquisition of the initial customer contract by taking into consideration the initial estimated customer life and the technological life of our unified communications and collaboration platform and related significant features. Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs is included in sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 We periodically review these deferred contract acquisition costs to determine whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that could impact the period of benefit. There were no impairment losses recorded during the periods presented. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Additions to deferred contract acquisition costs Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs ) ) Ending balance Deferred contract acquisition costs, current (to be amortized in next 12 months) Deferred contract acquisition costs, noncurrent Total deferred contract acquisition costs 

3. 
 Agency bonds ) Corporate and other debt securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Treasury bills ) Marketable securities ) 
 As of January 31, 2022 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Commercial paper Agency bonds ) Corporate and other debt securities ) U.S. government agency securities ) Treasury bills ) Marketable securities ) 
 Unrealized losses for securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months were million and million as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Unrealized losses for securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer were million as of January 31, 2023 and were as of January 31, 2022. We review the individual securities that have unrealized losses on a regular basis to evaluate whether or not any security has experienced, or is expected to experience, credit losses resulting in the decline in fair value. We evaluate, among other factors, whether we have the intention to sell any of these marketable securities and whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell any of them before recovery of the amortized cost basis. We have not recorded an allowance for credit losses, as we believe any such losses would be immaterial based on the high-grade credit rating for each of our marketable securities as of the end of each fiscal year. There were material realized gains or losses from available-for-sale securities that were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Due in one to five years Total 
 Strategic Investments 
 Debt securities Strategic investments 
 Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Measurement Category Fair Value Measurement Alternative Equity Method Total (in thousands) Equity securities Debt securities Strategic investments 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, we made a strategic investment of million for common shares in a private placement by a company in the B2B software and services travel space. We recorded an unrealized loss of million related to this investment for the year ended January 31, 2023. As of January 31, 2023, the fair value of the investment was million and our ownership interest represents less than percent of the economic interest of the investee's outstanding capital stock. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Cash equivalents Commercial paper Agency bonds Corporate and other debt securities U.S. government agency securities Treasury bills Marketable securities Certificates of deposit included in other assets, noncurrent Publicly held equity securities included in strategic investments Privately held debt securities included in strategic investments Total financial assets 
 As of January 31, 2022 
 Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in thousands) Financial Assets: Money market funds Treasury bills Corporate debt securities Cash equivalents Commercial paper Agency bonds Corporate and other debt securities U.S. government agency securities Treasury bills Marketable securities Certificates of deposit included in other assets, noncurrent Publicly held equity securities included in strategic investments Privately held debt securities included in strategic investments Total financial assets 
 We classify our highly liquid money market funds and publicly held equity securities within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued based on quoted market prices in active markets. We classify our commercial paper, agency bonds, corporate and other debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, treasury bills, and certificates of deposit within Level 2 because they are valued using inputs other than quoted prices that are directly or indirectly observable in the market, including readily available pricing sources for the identical underlying security, which may not be actively traded. We classify our privately held debt securities as Level 3 due to the lack of relevant observable market data over fair value inputs, such as the probability weighting of the various scenarios that can impact settlement of the arrangement. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 of the issued and outstanding share capital of Solvvy, Inc., a private technology company specializing in customer support automation, for an all-cash purchase consideration of million. The acquisition adds to our customer service capabilities and enhances our integrated platform by providing conversational AI capabilities. The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. 
 In allocating the purchase consideration, million was attributed to goodwill, million to intangible assets (consisting of million to developed technology and million to customer relationships), and million to other net liabilities acquired. The goodwill amount represents synergies related to our existing products expected to be realized from the acquisition and assembled workforce. The associated goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 At the date of the acquisition, the developed technology and customer relationships both had an estimated useful life of years, and both are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective estimated useful lives. Amortization expense of developed technology is recorded within cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and amortization expense of customer relationships is recorded within sales and marketing in the consolidated statements of operations. As of January 31, 2023, the developed technology and customer relationships both had a remaining useful life of years. 
 Transaction costs incurred in connection with the acquisition were immaterial. The results of operations of Solvvy, Inc., which are not material, have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Pro forma and historical results of operations of the company have not been presented, as the results do not have a material effect on any of the periods presented in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 6. 
 Restricted cash from international employee stock sales Other Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Property and Equipment, Net 
 Computer and office equipment Software Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Prepaid expense, noncurrent Indefinite-lived intangible assets Intangible assets subject to amortization, net Other Other assets, noncurrent 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued compensation and benefits Income tax liabilities Sales and other non-income tax liabilities Customer deposit liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Other Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Other Liabilities, Noncurrent 
 Other Other liabilities, noncurrent 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 . We also enter into equipment operating lease agreements related to our Hardware-as-a-Service HaaS offering. We elect to apply the lessor practical expedient per ASC 842 and account for HaaS with customers as a combined performance obligation with the right to access our unified communications and collaboration platform under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . HaaS was immaterial to our consolidated financial statements. Many of our leases contain or more options to extend. As leases approach maturity, we consider various factors such as market conditions and the terms of any renewal options that may exist to determine whether we are reasonably certain to exercise the options to extend the lease. Operating lease expense for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million , respectively, excluding short-term lease costs, variable lease costs, and sublease income, each of which was immaterial for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 . 
 Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets recognized in exchange for new operating lease obligations 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 8. 
 Increase in goodwill related to business combinations Balance, ending of the year 
 In the first half of the fiscal year ending January 31, 2023, we acquired Solvvy, Inc., and recorded million of goodwill. See Note 5 for additional information related to the purchase of Solvvy, Inc. 
 Intangibles 
 ) Technology ) ) Assembled workforce ) Total ) ) 
 Intangible asset amortization expense was million for the year ended January 31, 2023 and less than million for the years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 Patents and Tradenames Total 
 For the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were intangible assets impairment losses. 
 
 9. 
 million and non-cancelable purchase obligations with a term 12 months or longer of million. 
 Indemnifications and Contingency 
 Our agreements with certain larger customers include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our services infringe a third party s intellectual property rights. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification obligations due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that may be involved in each particular agreement. To date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such provisions and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in our consolidated financial statements. 
 In addition, we have indemnification agreements with our directors and our executive officers that require us, among other things, to indemnify our directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any of those persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person s service as a director or officer, including any action by us, arising out of that person s services as our director or officer or that person s services provided to any other company or enterprise at our request. We maintain director and officer insurance coverage that may enable us to recover a portion of any future indemnification amounts paid. To date, there have been no claims under any of our directors and executive officers indemnification provisions. 
 Sales and Other Tax Liabilities 
 We conduct operations in many tax jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions, non-income-based taxes, such as sales and use tax and other indirect taxes, are assessed on our operations. Although we are diligent in collecting and remitting such taxes, there is uncertainty as to what constitutes sufficient presence for a jurisdiction to levy taxes, fees, and surcharges for sales made over the Internet. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, we recorded sales and other tax liabilities of million and million, respectively, of which million and million are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, respectively, and million and million are included in other liabilities, noncurrent, respectively, in our consolidated 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 of our officers in the United States District Court for the NDCA. The plaintiffs are purported stockholders of ours. The complaints allege, among other things, that we violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 by making false and misleading statements and omissions of material fact about our data privacy and security measures. The complaints seek unspecified damages, interest, fees, and costs. On May 18, 2020, the actions were consolidated. On November 4, 2020, the court appointed a lead plaintiff. On December 23, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated complaint. We filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint on May 20, 2021. Plaintiff filed an opposition to our motion to dismiss on July 9, 2021. Our reply in support of the motion to dismiss was filed on August 9, 2021. On February 16, 2022, the court granted in part, and denied in part, our motion to dismiss. On March 14, 2022, we moved for reconsideration of the court s ruling on the motion to dismiss. On March 22, 2022, the court ordered plaintiff to respond to our motion, which plaintiff did on March 29, 2022. On April 22, 2022, we answered the complaint. 
 On June 11, 2020 and July 30, 2020, purported shareholder derivative complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The first complaint names as defendants of our officers and directors and the second complaint names of our officers and directors. The lawsuits assert state and federal claims and are based on the same alleged misstatements as the shareholder class action complaint. The lawsuits accuse our board of directors of failing to exercise reasonable and prudent supervision over our management, policies, practices, and internal controls. The plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary damages on behalf of us as well as governance reforms. On September 25, 2020, the derivative cases were consolidated. The consolidated case is stayed pending resolution of the motion to dismiss the securities class action. On October 27, 2021, a third substantially identical lawsuit was filed in the same court against the same defendants, seeking unspecified monetary damages and governance reforms. On November 17, 2021, all derivative lawsuits were consolidated and remain stayed pending resolution of the motion to dismiss the securities class action. 
 We believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we are vigorously defending ourselves against them. Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the cases, and the legal standards that must be met for, among other things, class certification and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from these actions. 
 Beginning on March 30, 2020, multiple putative class actions were filed against us in various U.S. federal district courts and state courts relating to our alleged privacy and security practices, including alleged data sharing with third parties (the U.S. Privacy Class Actions ). The plaintiffs claim violations of a variety of state consumer protection and privacy laws, and also assert state constitutional and common law claims, such as negligence and unjust enrichment. The U.S. Privacy Class Actions seek to certify both nationwide and state-specific classes of individuals using our services in certain time periods. The plaintiffs 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 million into an escrow account that will be used to pay claims filed by settlement class members, attorneys fees and expenses, administrative costs, and service payments to plaintiffs. On April 22, 2022, the Court granted final approval of the settlement. On May 19, 2022, objectors to the settlement appealed the Court's final approval order. On May 20, 2022, a third objector appealed the Court s final approval order. On October 17, 2022, we, plaintiffs, and all objector-appellants agreed to settle the appeals, and on December 16, 2022, the Court approved the settlements. On January 13, 2023, an appeal of the order approving the objector-appellant settlements was filed, which is still pending. On May 30, 2022, a new class action was filed against us in the NDCA raising privacy claims similar to those raised in the U.S. Privacy Class Actions on behalf of a putative class of users of Zoom who reside in Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and the United Kingdom and who are not members of the settlement class in the U.S. Privacy Class Actions. On July 12, 2022, we moved to dismiss this new class action and on February 14, 2023, the Court granted the motion to dismiss but allowed plaintiffs leave to amend. We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are vigorously defending ourselves against it. Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the case, and the legal standard must be met for among other things, class certification and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from these actions. 
 In addition, from time to time, we are involved in various other legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. We are not presently a party to any other such litigation the outcome of which, we believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually, or taken together, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. Defending such proceedings is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. We may receive unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings in the course of litigation, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained. 
 
 10. 
 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were shares of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 Dual-Class Common Stock Structure 
 In November 2018, we implemented a dual class common stock structure pursuant to which all the then-outstanding shares of our common stock were reclassified as Class B common stock and a new class of Class A common stock was authorized. The Class A common stock is entitled to vote per share and the Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share. The Class A and Class B common stock have the same dividend and liquidation rights. Each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into share of Class A common stock upon (a) any transfer of such share, except for certain permitted transfers described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and (b) the death of the holder of such share. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will be automatically converted into share of Class A common stock upon the earliest of (a) the date that is following the death or incapacity of Eric S. Yuan (our CEO), (b) the date that is following the date that Mr. Yuan is no longer providing services to us or his employment is terminated for cause, (c) the date specified by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock, voting together on an as-converted basis, and the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock, voting as a separate class, and (d) the -year anniversary of the closing of our IPO. In connection with the implementation of the dual-class common stock structure, each then-outstanding share of our convertible preferred stock became convertible into share of Class B common stock, and all outstanding options to purchase shares of common stock became options to purchase an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. 
 Upon the effectiveness of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation in November 2018, the number of shares of common stock that are authorized to be issued consisted of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share and shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. Class A and Class B common stock are collectively referred to as common stock throughout the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 shares of our Class A common stock, including shares pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter's option to purchase additional shares, at per share. We received aggregate proceeds of million, net of underwriters discounts and commissions. The other related offering costs were immaterial. 
 Common Stock 
 Upon the completion of the IPO in April 2019, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which also authorized the issuance of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share and shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. 
 RSUs outstanding ESPP purchase rights outstanding Remaining shares available for future issuance under the 2011 and 2019 plan Remaining shares available for future issuance under the ESPP Total shares of Class A common stock reserved 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plan 
 In February 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to billion of our Class A common stock, which was completed in December 2022. During the year ended January 31, 2023, we purchased and subsequently retired shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of billion. 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 In 2011, we adopted the 2011 Global Share Plan 2011 Plan ), under which officers, employees, and consultants were granted various forms of equity incentive compensation at the discretion of the board of directors, including stock options and restricted stock awards. In connection with the IPO, the shares of Class B common stock remaining available for issuance under the 2011 Plan became available for issuance for a corresponding number of shares of our Class A common stock under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 2019 Plan ), which is a successor to and continuation of our 2011 Plan. 
 In April 2019, we adopted the 2019 Plan, which became effective in connection with our IPO. Our 2019 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSU awards, performance awards, and other forms of awards. The awards generally vest over . The plan administrator determines the term of stock options granted under the 2019 Plan, up to a maximum of years. The maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued under our 2019 Plan will not exceed shares of our Class A common stock, which is the sum of (1) new shares, plus (2) an additional number of shares not to exceed , consisting of (A) shares that remain available for the issuance of awards under our 2011 Plan as of immediately prior to the time our 2019 Plan becomes effective and (B) shares of Class B common stock subject to outstanding stock options or other stock awards granted under our 2011 Plan that, on or after the 2019 Plan became effective, terminate, or expire prior to exercise or settlement; are not issued because the award is settled in cash; are forfeited because of the failure to vest; or are reacquired or withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation or the purchase or exercise price, if any, as such shares become available from time to time. In addition, the number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance under our 2019 Plan automatically increases on February 1 of each calendar year, starting on February 1, 2020 through February 1, 2029, in an amount equal to (i) of the total number of shares of our common stock (both Class A and Class B) outstanding on January 31 of the fiscal year before the date of each automatic increase or (ii) a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors prior to the applicable February 1. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Exercised ) Canceled/forfeited/expired ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 Vested and expected to vest as of January 31, 2023 Exercisable as of January 31, 2023 
 There were options granted for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. The intrinsic value of the options exercised, which represents the difference between the fair market value of our common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of each option, was million, million, and million during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of January 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of January 31, 2023 
 In October 2021, we added a feature that modified certain existing RSU awards to provide for a supplemental award based on certain future stock price criteria. The feature was subsequently modified in March and October 2022 to provide potential additional supplemental awards. The features and resulting modifications resulted in incremental stock-based compensation expense that is being recognized from the respective modification dates through the remaining requisite service period for each of the original awards. In November 2022, we cancelled one of the features related to a sub-population of the modified awards. As a result, the amount of the unrecognized compensation cost as calculated using a Monte Carlo valuation approach related to the cancelled awards of million was recognized during the quarter ended January 31, 2023. 
 As of January 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding unvested RSUs was million, including the impact of the modification, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In April 2019, we adopted the 2019 ESPP, which became effective in connection with the IPO. A total of shares of our Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance automatically increases on February 1 of each calendar year, beginning on February 1, 2020 through February 1, 2029, by the lesser of (1) of the total number of shares of our common stock (both Class A and Class B) outstanding on the last day of the fiscal year before the date of the automatic increase, and (2) shares; provided that before the date of any such increase, our board of directors may determine that such increase will be less than the amount set forth in clauses (1) and (2). 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 of the fair market value of a share of our Class A common stock on the first date of an offering or (2) of the fair market value of a share of our Class A common stock on the date of purchase. No employee may purchase shares under the ESPP at a rate in excess of worth of our Class A common stock based on the fair market value per share of our Class A common stock at the beginning of an offering for each calendar year such purchase right is outstanding or shares. The 2019 ESPP provides for, at maximum, months offering periods with offering dates, generally in June and December of each year. The first offering period began on April 18, 2019. During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, , , and shares, respectively, of our Class A common stock were purchased under the ESPP. 
 As of January 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense Benefit from income taxes ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense recorded to net income 

11. 
 Foreign Total 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred income tax expense ) ) Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 ) 
 State taxes Foreign rate differential Non-deductible compensation Stock-based compensation ) ) Permanent Items Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) Research and development credits ) ) ) Tax uncertainties ) Change in valuation allowance ) Deferred rate change Other ) Total ) Effective tax rate ) 
 Deferred income taxes result from differences in the recognition of amounts for tax and financial reporting purposes, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development credit carryforwards Stock-based compensation Accruals and reserves Deferred revenue Capitalized research expenditures Operating lease liabilities Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment and intangible assets ) ) Deferred contract acquisition costs ) ) Operating right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 The realization of tax benefits of net deferred tax assets is dependent upon future levels of taxable income, of an appropriate character, in the periods the items are expected to be deductible or taxable. Based on the available objective evidence during the year ended January 31, 2023, we continue to believe that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits of the U.K. net deferred tax assets may not be realized. Accordingly, we maintained a full valuation allowance against the tax benefits of these net deferred tax assets. Based on the available objective evidence during the year ended January 31, 2023, we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits relating to U.S. losses that are capital in nature may not be realized prior to expiration. Accordingly, we have maintained a valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets. Based on the available objective evidence during the year ended January 31, 2023, we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits of certain state net deferred tax assets may not be realized. Management applied significant judgement in assessing the positive and negative evidence available in the determination of the amount of certain state deferred tax assets that were more likely than not to be realized in the future. Accordingly, given our current earnings, anticipated future earnings, and continued accumulation of certain state tax credits, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against the tax benefits of these deferred tax assets. We intend to maintain the applicable valuation allowance until sufficient positive evidence exists to support a reversal of, or decrease in, the valuation allowance. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million for federal income tax purposes, million for state income tax purposes, which will begin to expire in the year 2033 if unused. We also had certain foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million, which have an indefinite life. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we also had research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million for federal income tax purposes and million for state income tax purposes. The federal research and development tax credits have a twenty-year carryover period while the state research and development tax credits carry forward indefinitely. 
 The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar provisions under state law. Such provisions limit the net operating loss carryforwards that may be used in any given year in the event of special occurrences, including significant ownership changes. We have completed a Section 382 review and determined that materially none of our operating losses will expire solely due to Section 382 limitation(s). 
 We indefinitely reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries and therefore no deferred tax liability has been recognized on the basis difference created by such earnings. We have not provided foreign withholding taxes for any undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Positions taken in prior year: Gross increases Gross decreases ) Tax Positions taken in current year: Gross increases Gross decreases Lapse of Statute of Limitations ) ) ) Acquisitions Balance, end of year 
 As of January 31, 2023, gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were million million total, including million associated with interest and penalties). As of January 31, 2022, gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were million million total, including million associated with interest and penalties). As of January 31, 2021, gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were million million total, including million associated with interest and penalties). We recognized approximately million, million, and million in potential interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions during fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. To the extent taxes are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, substantially all amounts accrued (including interest and penalties) will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision. Unrecognized tax benefits and associated accrued interest and penalties are included in our income tax provision. 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and various foreign jurisdictions. As of January 31, 2023, all of the years remain open to examination by the federal and state tax authorities, for three or four years from the tax year in which net operating losses or tax credits are utilized. We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. Although the timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, we do not believe it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months. 
 As required by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we are capitalizing research and development expenses incurred in fiscal year 2023. These expenses are capitalized and amortized over five years for domestic research and fifteen years for international research. The mandatory capitalization requirement increased our cash tax liabilities but also decreased our effective tax rate due to increasing the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. The cash flow impact may decrease over time as capitalized research and development expenditures continue to amortize. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law in August 2022. The act included tax provisions for a 15 corporate book income minimum tax effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the Inflation Reduction Act to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 Less: undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders, basic Reallocation of net income attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders, diluted Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to common stockholders, basic 
 Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to common stockholders, diluted 
 Net income per share attributable to common stockholders, basic 
 Net income per share attributable to common stockholders, diluted 
 
 Unvested RSUs Purchase rights committed under the ESPP 
 Total 
 of issued Class A common stock held by us that are reserved for the sole purpose of being transferred to nonprofit organizations. 
 
 13. 
 . Decisions regarding the elimination of positions are subject to local law and consultation requirements in certain countries, as well as our business needs. 
 We estimate that we will incur approximately million to million in charges in connection with the Plan, which will be substantially incurred in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. These charges primarily relate to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation. Of the aggregate amount of charges that we estimate we will incur in connection with the Plan, we expect that approximately million to million will be in future cash expenditures. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On March 1, 2023, our Board of Directors (the Board approved amendments to our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), which became effective the same day. Among other things, the amendments: 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 update the advance notice provisions that apply where a stockholder intends to propose a director nomination or other business at a stockholder meeting, including to address newly adopted Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act Rule 14a-19 ), by requiring: 
 any stockholder submitting a nomination notice to make a representation as to whether such stockholder intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than our nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 and to provide reasonable evidence that certain requirements of such rule have been satisfied; 
 the nomination of each proposed director nominee other than our nominees be disregarded (notwithstanding that the nominee is included as a nominee in our proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any stockholder meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by us (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded)) if, after a stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19, such stockholder subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence that certain requirements of such rule have been satisfied; 
 that the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a stockholder meeting may not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting; 
 certain representations with respect to a proposed nominee regarding the absence of certain voting commitments, disclosure of compensation for service and compliance with our corporate governance and other policies, and intent to serve the entire term; 
 additional background information and disclosures regarding proposing stockholders, proposed nominees and business, and other persons related to a stockholder s solicitation of proxies; and 
 that whenever a document or information must be delivered to us under the advance notice provisions such document or information must be in writing exclusively and must be delivered exclusively by hand, or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 require that any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, with the white proxy card being reserved for exclusive use by our Board; and 
 make certain other technical, modernizing and clarifying changes. 
 The foregoing description is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.2 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that incorporates our code of ethics applicable to all employees, including all directors and executive officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on our Investor Relations website at investors.zoom.us under Corporate Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The documents listed in the following Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38865 3.1 April 23, 2019 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 
 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1/A 333-230444 4.1 April 8, 2019 4.2# Third Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated December 1, 2016 
 S-1 333-230444 4.2 March 22, 2019 4.3 Description of Securities 
 10.1# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated 2011 Global Share Plan, and forms of agreements thereunder 
 S-1 333-230444 10.1 March 22, 2019 10.2# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of agreements thereunder 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.2 November 23, 2022 10.3 Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice, as amended 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.3 September 3, 2020 10.4 Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice for Executive Officers, as amended 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.1 December 4, 2020 10.5# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-1/A 333-230444 10.3 April 8, 2019 10.6# Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between the Registrant and each director and executive officer 
 S-1 333-230444 10.4 March 22, 2019 10.7# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended 
 10.8# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Global RSU Award G r ant Notice 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.2 September 13, 2019 10.9# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Global RSU Award Grant Notice 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.3 September 13, 2019 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 10.10# Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Eric S. Yuan, dated December 18, 2018 
 S-1 333-230444 10.5 March 22, 2019 10.11# Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Aparna Bawa, dated December 18, 2018 
 S-1 333-230444 10.6 March 22, 2019 10.12# Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Janine Pelosi, dated December 18, 2018 
 S-1 333-230444 10.7 March 22, 2019 10.13# Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Kelly Steckelberg, dated December 18, 2018 
 S-1 333-230444 10.8 March 22, 2019 10.14# Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Ryan Azus dated June 29, 2019 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.4 September 13, 2019 10.15# Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Velchamy Sankarlingam dated May 19, 2020 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.1 September 3, 2020 10.16# Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Greg Tomb, dated May 31, 2020 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.1 August 24, 2022 10.17# Director Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Lieut. General H.R. McMaster dated May 6, 2020 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.2 September 3, 2020 10.18# Director Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Janet Napolitano dated November 2, 2020 
 10-K 001-38865 10.17 March 18, 2021 10.19# Director Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and William R. McDermott dated February 23, 2022 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.2 May 25, 2022 10.20# Director Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Cindy Hoots dated January 4, 2023 
 10.21 Lease Agreement dated August 1, 2016, as amended, by and between the Registrant and KBSIII Almaden Financial Plaza, LLC 
 S-1 333-230444 10.9 March 22, 2019 10.22 Fourth Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between the Registrant and KBSIII Almaden Financial Plaza, LLC 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.5 September 13, 2019 10.23 Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and KBSIII Almaden Financial Plaza, LLC dated March 9, 2020 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.1 June 5, 2020 10.24# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Officer Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10-K 001-38865 10.21 March 7, 2022 10.25 Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, salesforce.com, inc. and Salesforce Ventures LLC, dated as of April 5, 2019 
 S-1/A 333-230444 10.11 April 8, 2019 10.26# Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Severance and Change in Control Plan and form of Participation Agreement thereunder 
 10-Q 001-38865 10.2 August 24, 2022 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (reference is made to the signature page hereto) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL) 
 # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedules 
 ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance Year ended January 31, 2022 
 Accounts receivable allowances ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Year ended January 31, 2021 
 Accounts receivable allowances ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 All other financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. Date: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Eric S. Yuan Eric S. Yuan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Kelly Steckelberg Kelly Steckelberg Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

101 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric S. Yuan, Kelly Steckelberg, and Aparna Bawa, and each one of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Eric S. Yuan President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Eric S. Yuan /s/ Kelly Steckelberg Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Kelly Steckelberg /s/ Shane Crehan Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Shane Crehan /s/ Jonathan Chadwick Director March 3, 2023 Jonathan Chadwick /s/ Peter Gassner Director March 3, 2023 Peter Gassner /s/ Cindy Hoots Director March 3, 2023 Cindy Hoots /s/ William R. McDermott Director March 3, 2023 William R. McDermott /s/ Herbert Raymond McMaster Director March 3, 2023 Herbert Raymond McMaster /s/ Janet Napolitano Director March 3, 2023 Janet Napolitano /s/ Dan Scheinman Director March 3, 2023 Dan Scheinman /s/ Santiago Subotovsky Director March 3, 2023 Santiago Subotovsky 
 
 102 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 zoom-amendedandrestatedb.htm
 EX-3.2

zoom-amendedandrestatedb 

197267622 v10 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) Exhibit 3.2 

197267622 v10 Table of Contents Page i. ARTICLE I OFFICES............................................................................................................................ 1 Section 1. Registered Office ............................................................................................................... 1 Section 2. Other Offices ...................................................................................................................... 1 ARTICLE II CORPORATE SEAL ......................................................................................................... 1 Section 3. Corporate Seal .................................................................................................................... 1 ARTICLE III STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS ..................................................................................... 1 Section 4. Place of Meetings ............................................................................................................... 1 Section 5. Annual Meeting ................................................................................................................. 1 Section 6. Special Meetings ................................................................................................................ 6 Section 7. Notice of Meetings ............................................................................................................. 7 Section 8. Quorum .............................................................................................................................. 7 Section 9. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings ............................................................. 8 Section 10. Voting Rights ..................................................................................................................... 8 Section 11. Joint Owners of Stock ........................................................................................................ 8 Section 12. List of Stockholders ........................................................................................................... 8 Section 13. Action Without Meeting .................................................................................................... 8 Section 14. Organization; Delivery to the Corporation ........................................................................ 9 ARTICLE IV DIRECTORS ..................................................................................................................... 9 Section 15. Number and Term of Office .............................................................................................. 9 Section 16. Powers ................................................................................................................................ 9 Section 17. Classes of Directors ........................................................................................................... 9 Section 18. Vacancies ......................................................................................................................... 10 Section 19. Resignation ...................................................................................................................... 10 Section 20. Removal ........................................................................................................................... 10 Section 21. Meetings ........................................................................................................................... 10 Section 22. Quorum and Voting ......................................................................................................... 11 Section 23. Action Without Meeting .................................................................................................. 11 Section 24. Fees and Compensation ................................................................................................... 11 Section 25. Committees ...................................................................................................................... 11 Section 26. Duties of Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Lead Independent Director .......... 12 Section 27. Organization ..................................................................................................................... 12 ARTICLE V OFFICERS ....................................................................................................................... 13 Section 28. Officers Designated ......................................................................................................... 13 Section 29. Tenure and Duties of Officers.......................................................................................... 13 Section 30. Delegation of Authority ................................................................................................... 14 Exhibit 3.2 

197267622 v10 Table of Contents (continued) Page ii. Section 31. Resignations ..................................................................................................................... 14 Section 32. Removal ........................................................................................................................... 14 ARTICLE VI EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION ...................................................... 14 Section 33. Execution of Corporate Instruments ................................................................................ 14 Section 34. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation.............................................................. 15 ARTICLE VII SHARES OF STOCK ...................................................................................................... 15 Section 35. Form and Execution of Certificates ................................................................................. 15 Section 36. Lost Certificates ............................................................................................................... 15 Section 37. Transfers .......................................................................................................................... 15 Section 38. Fixing Record Dates ........................................................................................................ 16 Section 39. Registered Stockholders................................................................................................... 16 ARTICLE VIII OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION ........................................................ 16 Section 40. Execution of Other Securities .......................................................................................... 16 ARTICLE IX DIVIDENDS .................................................................................................................... 17 Section 41. Declaration of Dividends ................................................................................................. 17 Section 42. Dividend Reserve ............................................................................................................. 17 ARTICLE X FISCAL YEAR ................................................................................................................ 17 Section 43. Fiscal Year ....................................................................................................................... 17 ARTICLE XI INDEMNIFICATION...................................................................................................... 17 Section 44. Indemnification of Directors, Executive Officers, Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents ............................................................................................................. 17 ARTICLE XII NOTICES ......................................................................................................................... 20 Section 45. Notices ............................................................................................................................. 20 ARTICLE XIII AMENDMENTS ............................................................................................................. 21 Section 46. Amendments .................................................................................................................... 21 ARTICLE XIV LOANS TO OFFICERS .................................................................................................. 21 Section 47. Loans To Officers ............................................................................................................ 21 Exhibit 3.2 

1. AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) ARTICLE I OFFICES Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. Section 2. Other Offices. The corporation shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, and may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require. ARTICLE II CORPORATE SEAL Section 3. Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal. If adopted, the corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. ARTICLE III STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS Section 4. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). Section 5. Annual Meeting. (a) The annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may properly come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors at any time, before or after notice of such meeting has been sent to the stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the corporation and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders: (i) pursuant to the corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) of stockholders (with respect to business other than nominations); (ii) brought specifically by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof; or (iii) by any stockholder of the corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving the stockholder s notice provided for in Section 5(b) below and who is a stockholder of record at the time of the annual meeting of stockholders, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in Section 5. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (iii) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and submit other business (other than matters properly included in the corporation s notice of meeting of stockholders and proxy statement under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the 1934 Act )) before an annual meeting of stockholders. Exhibit 3.2 

2. (b) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law and as shall have been properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures below. (i) For nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(b)(iii) and must update and supplement the information contained in such written notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(c). Such stockholder s notice shall set forth: (A) as to each nominee such stockholder proposes to nominate at the meeting: (1) the name, age, business address and residence address of such nominee, (2) the principal occupation or employment of such nominee, (3) the class and number of shares of each class of capital stock of the corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by such nominee and list any pledge of or encumbrances on such shares, (4) the date or dates on which such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, (5) the questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 5(e); and (6) such other information concerning such nominee as would be required to be disclosed or provided to the corporation in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or that is otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such person s written consent to being named as a nominee in a proxy statement, proxy card or other filings and to serving as a director if elected); and (B) all of the information required by Section 5(b)(iv). The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the corporation and to determine the independence (as such term is used in any applicable stock exchange listing requirements or applicable law) of such proposed nominee or to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve on any committee or sub-committee of the Board of Directors under any applicable stock exchange listing requirements or applicable law, or that the Board of Directors determines could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the background, qualifications, experience, independence, or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on its own behalf (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting. (ii) Other than proposals sought to be included in the corporation s proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act, for business other than nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(b)(iii), and must update and supplement the information contained in such written notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(c). Such stockholder s notice shall set forth: (A) as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and the language of any proposed amendment to these Bylaws of the corporation), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, and any material interest (including any anticipated benefit of such business to any Proponent (as defined below) other than solely as a result of its ownership of the corporation s capital stock, that is material to any Proponent individually, or to the Proponents in the aggregate) in such business of any Proponent; and (B) all of the information required by Section 5(b)(iv). (iii) To be timely, the written notice required by Section 5(b)(i) or 5(b)(ii) must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that, subject to the last sentence of this Section 5(b)(iii), in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than thirty (30) days prior to or delayed by more than seventy (70) days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. In no event shall an adjournment or a postponement (or the public announcement thereof) of an annual meeting for which notice has been given, or for which a public announcement of the date of Exhibit 3.2 

3. the meeting has been made by the corporation, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. (iv) The written notice required by Section 5(b)(i) or 5(b)(ii) shall also set forth, as of the date of the notice and as to the stockholder giving the notice, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made and any affiliate who controls either of the foregoing stockholder or beneficial owner, directly or indirectly (each, a Proponent and collectively, the Proponents ): (A) the name and address of each Proponent who is a record stockholder, as they appear on the corporation s books, and the name and address of each other Proponent; (B) the class, series and number of shares of the corporation that are owned beneficially and of record by each Proponent, including any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the corporation as to which such Proponent or any of its affiliates or associates has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future; (C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) with respect to such nomination or proposal between or among any Proponent and any of its affiliates or associates, the nominee (if applicable), and/or any other person (including their names), including, without limitation, any agreements, arrangements or understandings required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of 1934 Act Schedule 13D, regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable; (D) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of shares of the corporation entitled to vote at the meeting and that such stockholder (or a qualified representative thereof) intends to appear at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(i)) or to propose the business that is specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(ii)); (E) a representation whether any Proponent or any other participant (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the 1934 Act) will engage in a solicitation with respect to such nomination or proposal and, if so, the name of each participant in such solicitation and the amount of the cost of solicitation that has been and will be borne, directly or indirectly, by each participant in such solicitation and a representation as to whether the Proponents intend or are part of a group that intends (x) to deliver, or make available, a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporation s voting shares required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee, (y) to otherwise solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination and/or (z) to solicit proxies in support of any proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act; (F) to the extent known by any Proponent, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the proposal on the date of such stockholder s notice; (G) a description of all Derivative Transactions (as defined below) by each Proponent during the previous twelve (12) month period, including the date of the transactions and the class, series and number of securities involved in, and the material economic or voting terms of, such Derivative Transactions; (H) a certification regarding whether each Proponent has complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with such Proponent s acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of the corporation and/or such Proponent s acts or omissions as a stockholder or beneficial owner of the corporation; and (I) any other information relating to each Proponent required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in an election contest pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 14 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (c) A stockholder providing the written notice required by Section 5(b)(i) or (ii) shall update and supplement such notice in writing, if necessary, so that the information (other than the representations required by Section 5(b)(iv)(E)) provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and correct in all material respects as of (i) the record date for the meeting and (ii) the date that is five (5) business days prior to the meeting and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, five (5) business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting, provided, that no such update or supplement shall cure or affect the accuracy (or inaccuracy) of any representations made by any Proponent, any of its affiliates or associates, or a nominee or the validity (or invalidity) of any nomination or proposal that failed to comply with this Section 5 or is rendered invalid as a result of any inaccuracy therein. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 5(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 5(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than two (2) business days prior to the date for the meeting, and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, two (2) business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting. Exhibit 3.2 

4. (d) Notwithstanding anything in Section 5(b)(iii) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the corporation at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the corporation at least ten (10) days before the last day a stockholder may deliver a notice of nomination in accordance with Section 5(b)(iii), a stockholder s notice required by this Section 5 and which complies with the requirements in Section 5(b)(i), other than the timing requirements in Section 5(b)(iii), shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the corporation. (e) To be eligible to be a nominee for election or re-election as a director of the corporation pursuant to a nomination under clause (iii) of Section 5(a), each Proponent must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Sections 5(b)(iii) or 5(d), as applicable) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation a written questionnaire with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (in the form provided by the Secretary within ten (10) days following a written request therefor by a stockholder of record) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary within ten (10) days following a written request therefor by a stockholder of record) that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the corporation in the questionnaire or (B) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the corporation, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law; (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) with any person or entity other than the corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director of the corporation or nominee that has not been disclosed in such questionnaire; (iii) would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the corporation, and will comply with, all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the corporation and (iv) if elected as a director of the corporation, intends to serve the entire term until the next meeting at which such candidate would face re-election. (f) A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director unless the person is nominated, in the case of an annual meeting, in accordance with clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 5(a) and in accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections 5(b), 5(c), 5(d), and 5(e), as applicable, or in the case of a special meeting, in accordance with paragraph (c) of Section 6 of these Bylaws and the requirements thereof. Only such business shall be conducted at any annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with Section 5(a) of these Bylaws and in accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections 5(b) and 5(c) of these Bylaws, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by applicable law, if any Proponent (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the 1934 Act with respect to any proposed nominee and (ii) subsequently (x) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the corporation that such Proponent has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the 1934 Act in accordance with the following sentence) or (y) fails to inform the corporation that such Proponent no longer plans to solicit proxies in accordance with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act by delivering a written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation within two business days after the occurrence of such change, then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded (and such nominee disqualified), notwithstanding that the nominee is included (as applicable) as a nominee in the corporation s proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any stockholder meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been delivered to the corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). If any Proponent provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the 1934 Act, such Proponent shall deliver to the corporation, no later than five business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the 1934 Act. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, and for the avoidance of doubt, the nomination of any person whose name is included (as applicable) as a nominee in the corporation s proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any Exhibit 3.2 

5. stockholder meeting (or any supplement thereto) as a result of any notice provided by any Proponent pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the 1934 Act with respect to such proposed nominee and whose nomination is not made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any authorized committee thereof shall not be deemed (for purposes of clause (i) of Section 5(a) or otherwise) to have been made pursuant to the corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) and any such nominee may only be nominated by a Proponent pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a) and, in the case of a special meeting of stockholders, pursuant to and to the extent permitted under paragraph (c) of Section 6 of these Bylaws. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures and requirements set forth in these Bylaws (including, without limitation, compliance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act) and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws, or the Proponent does not act in accordance with the representations required by this Section 5, to declare that such proposal or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded (and such nominee disqualified), or that business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that such proposal or nomination is set forth in (as applicable) the corporation s proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such nominations or such business may have been solicited or received. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5, unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded (and such nominee disqualified) and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that such nomination or proposed business is set forth in (as applicable) the corporation s proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such vote may have been solicited or delivered to the corporation. For purposes of this Section 5, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders, which writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, shall be provided to the Secretary of the corporation at least five (5) business days prior to the meeting of stockholders. (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for a stockholders meeting, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any violation thereof shall be deemed a violation of these Bylaws. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of (i) stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to proposals and/or nominations to be considered pursuant to Section 5(a)(iii) of these Bylaws; or (ii) the holders of any class or series of preferred stock of the corporation as to dividends or upon liquidation to make nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors if and to the extent provided for under law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws. (h) For purposes of Sections 5 and 6, (i) affiliates and associates shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ). (ii) close of business means 5:00 p.m. local time at the principal executive offices of the corporation on any calendar day, whether or not such day is a business day. (iii) a Derivative Transaction means any agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding entered into by, or on behalf or for the benefit of, any Proponent or any of its affiliates or associates, whether record or beneficial: (w) the value of which is derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares or other securities of the corporation, Exhibit 3.2 

6. (x) which otherwise provides any direct or indirect opportunity to gain or share in any gain derived from a change in the value of securities of the corporation, (y) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit of security value or price changes, or (z) which provides the right to vote or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proponent, or any of its affiliates or associates, with respect to any securities of the corporation, which agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding may include, without limitation, any option, warrant, debt position, note, bond, convertible security, swap, stock appreciation right, short position, profit interest, hedge, right to dividends, voting agreement, performance-related fee or arrangement to borrow or lend shares (whether or not subject to payment, settlement, exercise or conversion in any such class or series), and any proportionate interest of such Proponent in the securities of the corporation held by any general or limited partnership, or any limited liability company, of which such Proponent is, directly or indirectly, a general partner or managing member; and (iv) public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. Section 6. Special Meetings. (a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law, by (i) the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption). The corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors at any time, before or after notice of such meeting has been sent to the stockholders. (b) For a special meeting called pursuant to Section 6(a), the Board of Directors shall determine the time and place, if any, of such special meeting. Upon determination of the time and place, if any, of the meeting, the Secretary shall cause a notice of meeting to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 of these Bylaws. No business may be transacted at a special meeting otherwise than as specified in the notice of meeting. (c) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in this paragraph and who is a stockholder of record at the time of the special meeting of stockholders, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with Section 5(b)(i), 5(b)(iv), 5(c), 5(e) and 5(f). The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting on its own behalf (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such special meeting. In the event the corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder of record entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the corporation s notice of meeting, if written notice setting forth the information required by Section 5(b)(i) of these Bylaws shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall an adjournment or a postponement of a special meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been made, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. Exhibit 3.2 

7. (d) A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at the special meeting unless the person is nominated either in accordance with clause (i) or clause (ii) of Section 6(c). Except as otherwise required by law, the chairperson of the special meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination was made in accordance with the procedures and requirements set forth in these Bylaws and, if any nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws (including, without limitation, compliance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act), or if the Proponent does not act in accordance with the representations required by Section 5, to declare that such nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded (and such nominee disqualified), notwithstanding that such nomination is set forth in (as applicable) the corporation s proxy statement, notice of meeting, or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such nomination may have been solicited or received. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6, unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder (meeting the requirements specified in Section 5(f)) does not appear at the special meeting of stockholders of the corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded (and such nominee disqualified), notwithstanding that the nomination is set forth in (as applicable) the corporation s proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such nomination may have been solicited or delivered to the corporation. (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to matters set forth in this Section 6, and any violation thereof shall be deemed a violation of these Bylaws. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of (i) stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations for the election to the Board of Directors or proposals of other business to be considered pursuant to Section 6(c) of these Bylaws; or (ii) the holders of any class or series of stock having a preference over the common stock as to dividends or upon liquidation to make nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors if and to the extent provided for under law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws. Section 7. Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, notice of each meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting, such notice to specify the place, if any, date and hour of such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes of the meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at any such meeting. Notice shall be deemed given as provided in Section 232 of the DGCL. Section 8. Quorum. At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise required by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws, the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereat shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, either by the chairperson of the meeting or by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote thereon, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Except as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable stock exchange rules, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the election of directors. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, except where otherwise required by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws or by applicable stock exchange rules, a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series, present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, Exhibit 3.2 

8. or represented by proxy duly authorized, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws or by applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of shares of such class or classes or series present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class or classes or series. Section 9. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings. Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time either by the chairperson of the meeting or by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication) notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 7 of these Bylaws. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 38(a) of these Bylaws and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. Section 10. Voting Rights. For the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date, as provided in Section 12 of these Bylaws, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. No proxy shall be voted after three (3) years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. Section 11. Joint Owners of Stock. If shares or other securities having voting power stand of record in the names of two (2) or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two (2) or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect: (a) if only one (1) votes, his or her act binds all; (b) if more than one (1) votes, the act of the majority so voting binds all; (c) if more than one (1) votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction may vote the securities in question proportionally, or any person voting the shares, or a beneficiary, if any, may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court as may have jurisdiction for relief as provided in the DGCL, Section 217(b). If the instrument filed with the Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the purpose of subsection (c) shall be a majority or even-split in interest. Section 12. List of Stockholders. The corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder; provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect all of the stockholders entitled to vote as of the 10th day before the meeting date. Nothing in this Section 12 shall require the corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date, (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that the corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Exhibit 3.2 

9. corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the corporation. Section 13. Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the corporation except at an annual or a special meeting of the stockholders called in accordance with these Bylaws, and no action of the stockholders of the corporation may be taken by written consent or electronic transmission. Section 14. Organization; Delivery to the Corporation. (a) At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairperson has not been appointed or is absent, the Lead Independent Director, or if the Lead Independent Director has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving or is absent, the President, or, if the President is absent, a chairperson of the meeting chosen by the Board of Directors shall act as chairperson. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors may appoint the Chief Executive Officer as chairperson of the meeting. The Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary or other officer or other person directed to do so by the chairperson of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. (b) The Board of Directors of the corporation shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairperson, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairperson shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters which are to be voted on by ballot. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairperson of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. (c) Whenever this Article III requires one or more persons (including a record or beneficial owner of stock) to deliver a document or information (other than a document authorizing another person to act for a stockholder by proxy at a meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 212 of the DGCL) to the corporation or any officer, employee or agent thereof (including any notice, request, questionnaire, revocation, representation or other document or agreement), the corporation shall not be required to accept delivery of such document or information unless the document or information is in writing exclusively (and not in an electronic transmission) and delivered exclusively by hand (including, without limitation, overnight courier service) or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. ARTICLE IV DIRECTORS Section 15. Number and Term of Office. The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be fixed in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation. If for any cause, the directors shall not have been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient at a special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose in the manner provided in these Bylaws. Section 16. Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. Exhibit 3.2 

10. Section 17. Classes of Directors. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, following the closing of the initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, covering the offer and sale of common stock of the corporation to the public (the Initial Public Offering ), the directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. The Board of Directors is authorized to assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to such classes at the time the classification becomes effective. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I directors shall expire and Class I directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II directors shall expire and Class II directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III directors shall expire and Class III directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 17, each director shall serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Section 18. Vacancies. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock or as otherwise provided by applicable law, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director s successor shall have been elected and qualified. A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist under this Bylaw in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any director. Section 19. Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by delivering his or her notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Secretary, such resignation to specify whether it will be effective at a particular time. If no such specification is made, the Secretary, in his or her discretion, may either (a) require confirmation from the director prior to deeming the resignation effective, in which case the resignation will be deemed effective upon receipt of such confirmation, or (b) deem the resignation effective at the time of delivery of the resignation to the Secretary. When one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the director whose place shall be vacated and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. Section 20. Removal. Subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, directors shall be removed as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. Section 21. Meetings. (a) Regular Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or date and at any place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware which has been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system or other system designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, or by electronic mail or other electronic means. No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board of Directors. (b) Special Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the total number of authorized directors. Exhibit 3.2 

11. (c) Meetings by Electronic Communications Equipment. Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. (d) Notice of Special Meetings. Notice of the time and place, if any, of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, or by electronic mail or other electronic means at least twenty-four (24) hours before the date and time of the meeting. If notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, at least three (3) days before the date of the meeting. Section 22. Quorum and Voting. (a) Unless the Certificate of Incorporation requires a greater number, and except with respect to questions related to indemnification arising under Section 44 for which a quorum shall be one-third of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time, a quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation; provided, however, at any meeting whether a quorum be present or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors, without notice other than by announcement at the meeting. (b) At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. Section 23. Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. After an action is taken, such writing or writings or transmission or transmissions shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. Section 24. Fees and Compensation. Directors shall be entitled to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including, if so approved, by resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor. Section 25. Committees. (a) Executive Committee. The Board of Directors may appoint an Executive Committee to consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any Bylaw of the corporation. (b) Other Committees. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be Exhibit 3.2 

12. prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee in these Bylaws. (c) Term. The Board of Directors, subject to any requirements of any outstanding series of preferred stock and the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 25, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary resignation from the committee or from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. (d) Meetings. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 25 shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter. Special meetings of any such committee may be held at any place which has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. Section 26. Duties of Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Lead Independent Director. (a) The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if appointed and when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. (b) The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or if the Chairperson is not an independent director, one of the independent directors, may be designated by the Board of Directors as lead independent director to serve until replaced by the Board of Directors Lead Independent Director ). The Lead Independent Director will: with the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, establish the agenda for regular Board of Directors meetings and serve as chairperson of Board of Directors meetings in the absence of the Chairperson of the Board of Directors; establish the agenda for meetings of the independent directors; coordinate with the committee chairs regarding meeting agendas and informational requirements; preside over meetings of the independent directors; preside over any portions of meetings of the Board of Directors at which the evaluation or compensation of the Chief Executive Officer is presented or discussed; preside over any portions of meetings of the Board of Directors at which the performance of the Board of Directors is presented or discussed; and perform such other duties as may be established or delegated by the Board of Directors. Section 27. Organization. At every meeting of the directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairperson has not been appointed or is absent, the Lead Independent Director, or if the Lead Independent Director has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer (if a director), or, if a Chief Executive Officer is absent, the President (if a director), or if the President is absent, the most senior Vice President (if a director), or, in the absence of any such person, a chairperson of the meeting chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, any Assistant Secretary or other officer, director or other person directed to do so by the person presiding over the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. Exhibit 3.2 

13. ARTICLE V OFFICERS Section 28. Officers Designated. The officers of the corporation shall include, if and when designated by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, one or more Vice Presidents, the Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers and such other officers and agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law. The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility. Section 29. Tenure and Duties of Officers. (a) General. All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner removed. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. (b) Duties of Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors (if a director), unless the Chairperson of the Board of Directors or the Lead Independent Director has been appointed and is present. Unless an officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the corporation. To the extent that a Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and no President has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the President shall be deemed references to the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. (c) Duties of President. The President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors (if a director), unless the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Lead Independent Director or the Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and is present. Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the corporation. The President shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors (or the Chief Executive Officer, if the Chief Executive Officer and President are not the same person and the Board of Directors has delegated the designation of the President s duties to the Chief Executive Officer) shall designate from time to time. (d) Duties of Vice Presidents. A Vice President may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant (unless the duties of the President are being filled by the Chief Executive Officer). A Vice President shall perform other duties commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer has not been appointed or is absent, the President shall designate from time to time. (e) Duties of Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall record all acts and proceedings thereof in the minute book of the corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with these Bylaws of all meetings of the stockholders and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in these Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President may direct any Assistant Secretary or other Exhibit 3.2 

14. officer to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. (f) Duties of Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. To the extent that a Chief Financial Officer has been appointed and no Treasurer has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the Treasurer shall be deemed references to the Chief Financial Officer. The President may direct the Treasurer, if any, or any Assistant Treasurer, or the controller or any assistant controller to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and each Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer and each controller and assistant controller shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. (g) Duties of Treasurer. Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the corporation, the Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President, and, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation. The Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President and Chief Financial Officer (if not Treasurer) shall designate from time to time. Section 30. Delegation of Authority. The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof. Section 31. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract with the resigning officer. Section 32. Removal. Any officer may be removed from office at any time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors in office at the time, or by the unanimous written consent of the directors in office at the time, or by any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer or by other superior officers upon whom such power of removal may have been conferred by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE VI EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION Section 33. Execution of Corporate Instruments. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of the corporation the corporate name Exhibit 3.2 

15. without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the corporation, except where otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the corporation. All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the corporation or in special accounts of the corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize so to do. Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. Section 34. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation. All stock and other securities of other entities owned or held by the corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies and consents with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice President. ARTICLE VII SHARES OF STOCK Section 35. Form and Execution of Certificates. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, or shall be uncertificated if so provided by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock in the corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by any two authorized officers of the corporation, including, without limitation, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. Section 36. Lost Certificates. The corporation may issue a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owner s legal representative, to give the corporation a bond (or other adequate security) sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. Section 37. Transfers. (a) Transfers of record of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares. (b) The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. Exhibit 3.2 

16. Section 38. Fixing Record Dates. (a) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 38(a) at the adjourned meeting. (b) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. Section 39. Registered Stockholders. The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. ARTICLE VIII OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION Section 40. Execution of Other Securities. All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the corporation, other than stock certificates (covered in Section 35), may be signed by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature, of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the corporation. Exhibit 3.2 

17. ARTICLE IX DIVIDENDS Section 41. Declaration of Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors pursuant to law at any regular or special meeting. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the corporation s capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Section 42. Dividend Reserve. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall think conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. ARTICLE X FISCAL YEAR Section 43. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. ARTICLE XI INDEMNIFICATION Section 44. Indemnification of Directors, Executive Officers, Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents. (a) Directors and executive officers. The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or executive officer (for the purposes of this Article XI, executive officers shall have the meaning defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the 1934 Act) of the corporation, to the extent not prohibited by the DGCL, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director or executive officer or in any other capacity while serving as a director or executive officer, provided, however, that the corporation shall not be required to indemnify such person in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the DGCL or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under subsection (d). (b) Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents. The corporation shall have the power to indemnify (including the power to advance expenses in a manner consistent with subsection (c)) its other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person except executive officers to such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. (c) Expenses. The corporation shall advance to any current or former director or executive officer, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses incurred by such person in defending (or participating as a witness in) any proceeding referred to in paragraph (a) of this section, provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or executive officer in his or her capacity as a director or executive officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking ), by or on behalf of such Exhibit 3.2 

18. indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this section or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (e) of this section, no advance shall be made by the corporation to a current or former executive officer of the corporation (except by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with respect to a criminal action or proceeding, that such person had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. (d) Enforcement. Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and executive officers under this Bylaw shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the corporation and the director or executive officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this section to a director or executive officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within ninety (90) days of request therefor. To the extent permitted by law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL for the corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by a current or former executive officer of the corporation (except in any proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to any such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a current or former director or executive officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or executive officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this section or otherwise shall be on the corporation. (e) Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL. (f) Survival of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or executive officer or officer, employee or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (g) Insurance. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, the corporation, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this section. Exhibit 3.2 

19. (h) Amendments. Any repeal or modification of this section shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaw in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any director or executive officer of the corporation. (i) Saving Clause. If this Bylaw or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this section that shall not have been invalidated. If this section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent under any other applicable law. (j) Certain Definitions. For the purposes of this Bylaw, the following definitions shall apply: (i) The term proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative. (ii) The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding. (iii) The term the corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. (iv) References to a director, executive officer, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person, while serving the corporation in such capacity, is also serving at the request of the corporation as, respectively, a director, executive officer, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. (v) References to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the corporation as referred to in this section. ARTICLE XII NOTICES Section 45. Notices. (a) Notice to Stockholders. Notice to stockholders of stockholder meetings shall be given as provided in Section 7 herein. Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement or contract with such stockholder, and except as otherwise required by law, written notice to stockholders for purposes other than stockholder meetings may be sent by U.S. mail or courier service, or by facsimile, electronic mail or other means of electronic transmission. Exhibit 3.2 

20. (b) Notice to Directors. Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by the method stated in subsection (a) or as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, with notice other than one which is delivered personally to be sent to such address or electronic mail address as such director shall have filed in writing with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known address or electronic mail address of such director. (c) Affidavit of Mailing. An affidavit of notice, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, or other agent, specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, or director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein contained. (d) Methods of Notice. It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice be employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others. (e) Notice to Person With Whom Communication is Unlawful. Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. (f) Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address. Except as otherwise prohibited under DGCL, any notice given under the provisions of DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Such consent shall have been deemed to have been given if such stockholder fails to object in writing to the corporation within sixty (60) days of having been given notice by the corporation of its intention to send the single notice. Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the corporation. (g) Waiver. Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws. ARTICLE XIII AMENDMENTS Section 46. Amendments. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 44(h) of these Bylaws or the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the authorized number of directors. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and Exhibit 3.2 

21. two-thirds percent (66-2/3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. ARTICLE XIV LOANS TO OFFICERS Section 47. Loans To Officers. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, the corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a director of the corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the corporation. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation at common law or under any statute. Exhibit 3.2 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 ex43_securitiesfrompy11.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

General 
 The following is a summary of the rights of our common and preferred stock and some of the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and relevant provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law. The descriptions herein are qualified in their entirety by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the relevant provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for two classes of common stock Class A common stock and Class B common stock, and it authorizes shares of undesignated preferred stock, the rights, preferences and privileges of which may be designated from time to time by our board of directors. 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of the following shares, all with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 
 
 2,000,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock 
 
 300,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common stock and 
 
 200,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock. 
 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock 
 
 All issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. All authorized but unissued shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are available for issuance by our board of directors without any further stockholder action, except as required by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, except with respect to voting rights and conversion rights, the Class A common stock and Class B common stock are treated equally and identically. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders, and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to 10 votes per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Delaware law would permit holders of Class A common stock to vote separately, as a single class, if we were to change the par value of the 

Class A common stock or amend our certificate of incorporation to alter the powers, preferences or special rights of the common stock as a whole in a way that would adversely affect the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 
 In addition, Delaware law would permit holders of Class A common stock to vote separately, as a single class, if an amendment of our certificate of incorporation would adversely affect them by altering the powers, preferences, or special rights of the Class A common stock, but not the Class B common stock. As a result, in these limited instances, the holders of a majority of the Class A common stock could defeat any amendment to our certificate of incorporation. For example, if a proposed amendment of our certificate of incorporation provided for the Class A common stock to rank junior to the Class B common stock with respect to (i) any dividend or distribution, (ii) the distribution of proceeds were we to be acquired or (iii) any other right, Delaware law would require the vote of the Class A common stock. In this instance, the holders of a majority of Class A common stock could defeat that amendment to our certificate of incorporation. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the number of authorized shares of preferred stock, Class A common stock or Class B common stock, may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of preferred stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting power of all of our outstanding capital stock, voting together as a single class (i.e., without a separate class vote of the holders of either the Class A common stick or the Class B common stock). As a result, the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B common stock, which is entitled to 10 votes per share, can approve an increase or decrease in the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock without a separate vote of the holders of Class A common stock. This could allow us to increase and issue additional shares of Class A common stock beyond what is currently authorized in our certificate of incorporation without the consent of the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to ratably receive dividends if, as and when declared from time to time by our board of directors at its own discretion out of funds legally available for that purpose, after payment of dividends required to be paid on outstanding preferred stock, if any. Under Delaware law, we can only pay dividends either out of surplus or out of the current or the immediately preceding year s net profits. Surplus is defined as the excess, if any, at any given time, of the total assets of a corporation over its total liabilities and statutory capital. The value of a corporation s assets can be measured in a number of ways and may not necessarily equal their book value. In addition, holders of our Class A common stock would be entitled to vote separately as a class on dividends and distributions if the holders of Class A common stock were treated adversely. As a result, if the holders of Class A common stock were treated adversely in any dividend or distribution, the holders of a majority of Class A common stock could defeat that dividend or distribution. 

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 
 Upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding-up or a deemed liquidation, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock, unless a different treatment is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of common stock, including the Class A common stock, voting separately as a class. As a result, the holders of a majority of each class of common stock, including the Class A common stock, could defeat a proposed distribution of any assets on our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up or deemed liquidation if that distribution were not to be shared equally, identically, and ratably. If a change of control transaction is not considered a deemed liquidation, such transaction shall require the approval of the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of each class of common stock, including the Class A common stock, voting separately as a class. 
 
 Subdivisions and Combinations 
 
 If we subdivide or combine in any manner outstanding shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, the outstanding shares of the other class will be subdivided or combined in the same manner, unless different treatment of the shares of each such class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 
 Conversion 
 
 Each share of our Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of our Class A common stock. In addition, each share of our Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of our Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except certain transfers to entities, to the extent the transferor retains sole dispositive power and exclusive voting control with respect to the shares of Class B common stock, and certain other transfers described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. All outstanding shares of our Class B common stock will convert into shares of our Class A common stock upon the earliest of (i) the date that is six months following the death or incapacity of Eric S. Yuan, (ii) the date that is six months following the date that Mr. Yuan ceases providing services to us or his employment is terminated by us for cause, (iii) the date specified by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock, voting separately as a class and (iv) the 15-year anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 The Class A common stock and Class B common stock have no preemptive rights pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and 

restated bylaws. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class A common stock and Class B common stock. All outstanding shares of our Class A common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our board of directors may, without further action by our stockholders, fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of up to an aggregate of 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and authorize their issuance. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of our common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control or other corporate action. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Some provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult an acquisition of us by means of a tender offer an acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise or the removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions which provide for payment of a premium over the market price for our shares. 
 
 These provisions, summarized below, are intended to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of the increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 
 Dual Class Stock 
 
 As described above, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure, which provides our founders, current investors, executives and employees with significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. 

Stockholder Meetings 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our chairperson of the board, chief executive officer, or by a resolution adopted by a majority of our board of directors. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals to be brought before a stockholder meeting and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 
 
 Elimination of Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws eliminate the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. 
 
 Staggered Board 
 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes. The directors in each class serve for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our stockholders. This system of electing and removing directors may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause. 
 
 Stockholders Not Entitled to Cumulative Voting 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not permit stockholders to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they choose, other than any directors that holders of our preferred stock may be entitled to elect. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits persons deemed to be interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed 

exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors. 
 
 Choice of Forum 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative form, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty or other wrongdoing by any of our directors, officers or employees to us or our stockholders (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws (v) any action or proceeding as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (vi) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, subject to and contingent upon a final adjudication in the State of Delaware of the enforceability of such exclusive forum provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these choice of forum provisions. It is possible that a court of law could rule that either choice of forum provision to be contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable if it is challenged in a proceeding or otherwise. 
 
 Amendment of Charter Provisions 
 
 The amendment of any of the above provisions, except for the provision making it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock, would require approval by holders of at least two-thirds of the total voting power of all of our outstanding voting stock. 
 
 The provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers, and as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in the composition of our board and management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock and Class B common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 
 
 Exchange Listing 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ZM. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 zm-20230131xex107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

 Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 
 Each member of the Board of Directors (the Board who is not also serving as an employee of or consultant to Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each such member, an Eligible Director will receive the compensation described in this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (this Policy for his or her Board service. This Policy first became effective commencing as of May 1, 2019 (the Effective Date ), has been subsequently amended, most recently on November 17, 2022, and may be further amended at any time in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. An Eligible Director may decline all or any portion of his or her compensation by giving notice to the Company prior to the date cash may be paid or equity awards are to be granted, as the case may be. 
 
 Annual Cash Compensation 
 
 Each Eligible Director will be eligible to receive the annual cash compensation amounts set forth below upon the effective date of such Eligible Director s first election or appointment to the Board (the Eligibility Date ). 
 
 If an Eligible Director s Eligibility Date is other than the first day of a fiscal quarter of the Company, each annual retainer set forth below will be pro-rated based on days served in the applicable fiscal year following the Eligibility Date, with the pro-rated amount paid for the first fiscal quarter that includes the Eligibility Date and regular full quarterly payments thereafter provided, however, that if the Eligible Director leaves service prior to the last day of a fiscal quarter, the fee for such fiscal quarter will be pro-rated. All annual cash fees are vested upon payment and are payable to such Eligible Directors (or their designee) in equal quarterly installments in arrears on the last day of each of the Company s fiscal quarters in which the service occurred. 
 
 1. Annual Board Service Retainer 
 a. All Eligible Directors 45,000 
 b. Chair of the Board Service Retainer (in addition to Eligible Director Service Retainer) 20,000 
 c. Lead Independent Director (in addition to Eligible Director Service Retainer) 20,000 
 
 2. Annual Committee Chair Service Retainer (in addition to Committee Member Service Retainer) 
 a. Chair of the Audit Committee 15,000 
 b. Chair of the Compensation Committee 10,000 
 c. Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 5,000 
 d. Chair of the Cybersecurity Risk Management Committee 10,000 
 
 3. Annual Committee Member Service Retainer 
 a. Member of the Audit Committee 12,500 
 b. Member of the Compensation Committee 10,000 
 c. Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 5,000 
 d. Member of the Cybersecurity Risk Management Committee 10,000 
 
 Equity Compensation 
 
 The equity compensation set forth below will be granted under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan or any successor plan (the Plan ). All equity compensation granted under this Policy will be in the form of Restricted Stock Units RSUs (as defined in the Plan). All RSUs granted under this Policy will vest as described below subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Services (as defined in the Plan) through such vesting dates on the terms specified below provided, however, that all RSUs granted under this Policy will accelerate and vest in full upon (i) the Eligible Director s death or Disability (as defined in the Plan) or (ii) a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), subject in each case to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service through such date. The number of shares underlying each of the RSUs granted under this Policy will be determined by dividing the applicable grant value for such RSU by the 60-trading day trailing average closing 
 1 

Exhibit 10.7 

 stock price of the Company s Class A common stock on Nasdaq ending on and including the date that is seven calendar days prior to the grant date of such RSU, and rounding down to the nearest whole share. 
 
 1. Initial Grant For each Eligible Director who is first elected or appointed to the Board, on the Eligibility Date (or, if such date is not a market trading day, the first market trading day thereafter) (the Initial Grant Date ), such Eligible Director will be automatically, and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, granted RSUs (the Initial Grant ). The number of shares subject to the Initial Grant will be determined based on the number of calendar days remaining until the first annual meeting of the Company s stockholders (the Annual Meeting occurring after the Eligibility Date (the Initial Term ), measured beginning on the Eligibility Date and ending on the scheduled (or expected) date of the first Annual Meeting thereafter. The Initial Grant will have a grant value that is equal to 275,000 multiplied by the percentage obtained by dividing the total number of expected calendar days in the Initial Term by 365, provided that such percentage shall not exceed 100 . For clarity, if an Eligible Director is first elected or appointed to the Board on the date of an Annual Meeting, such Eligible Director shall receive the Annual Grant described below and shall not receive an Initial Grant. 
 
 The Initial Grant will vest in full as of the day immediately preceding the first Annual Meeting following the Eligibility Date (or, if sooner, the one year anniversary of the grant date of the Initial Grant), subject in all cases to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) through such applicable vesting date. 
 
 2. Interim Grant . For each Class II Eligible Director serving on the Board who holds a Company equity award that was (i) granted prior to the Effective Date and (ii) remains partially unvested as of February 23, 2022 (such outstanding award, a Pre-IPO Grant then on the date immediately following the date that such Pre-IPO Grant becomes fully vested with respect to all shares subject to such equity award (or, if such date immediately following the Final Vesting Date is not a market trading day, the first market trading day thereafter), such Eligible Director will be automatically, and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, granted RSUs (the Interim Grant on such date (the Interim Grant Date ). The number of shares subject to the Interim Grant will be determined based on the number of calendar days remaining until the first Annual Meeting following the Interim Grant Date, measured beginning on the Interim Grant Date and ending on the scheduled (or expected) date of the first Annual Meeting thereafter (the Interim Term ). The Interim Grant will have a grant value that is equal to 275,000 multiplied by the percentage obtained by dividing the total number of expected calendar days in the Interim Term by 365, provided that such percentage shall not exceed 100 . 
 
 The Interim Grant will vest in full as of the day immediately preceding the first Annual Meeting following the Interim Grant Date (or, if sooner, the one year anniversary of Interim Grant Date), subject in all cases to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) through such applicable vesting date. 
 
 3. Annual Grants On the date of each Annual Meeting, commencing on (and including) the applicable Annual Meeting date indicated below for the respective Class I, II and III Eligible Directors, each Eligible Director who (i) is nominated to be re-elected to the Board to serve a three-year term at such Annual Meeting (the Re-Elected Term and (ii) continues to serve as a non-employee member of the Board following such Annual Meeting will be automatically, and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, granted RSUs (the Annual Grant with a grant value of 275,000. 
 
 Class of Eligible Director Annual Grant Begins All Class III Eligible Directors and Eligible Directors initially appointed after February 23, 2022 Commencing on the 2022 Annual Meeting All Class I Eligible Directors and 
 Class II Eligible Directors who hold a Pre-IPO Grant 
 Commencing on the 2023 Annual Meeting Class II Eligible Directors who do not hold a Pre-IPO Grant 
 Commencing on the 2024 Annual Meeting 
 
 2 

Exhibit 10.7 

 The shares subject to each Annual Grant will vest in full on the one year anniversary of grant date of such Annual Grant (or, if sooner, the day immediately preceding the next Annual Meeting that occurs following the grant date of such Annual Grant), subject in all cases to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) through such applicable vesting date. 
 
 Director Compensation Limit 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the cash compensation and equity compensation that each Eligible Director may receive under this Policy shall be subject to the limits set forth in Section 3(d) of the Plan. 
 
 3 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 zm-20230131xex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 

Exhibit 10.20 

January 4, 2023 
 Cindy L. Hoots 
 Via email 
 Re Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Board of Directors 
 Dear Cindy 
 I am very pleased to invite you to join the Board of Directors (the Board of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Zoom or the Company ). We believe that you will be a great addition to the Board. 
 As a Board member, you will participate in regularly scheduled and special Board meetings, which are expected to occur periodically during the year, meet or otherwise periodically confer with Zoom executives on an active and regular basis as requested by the Chairman of the Board, assess strategic risk exposure, and provide assistance and advisory services to Zoom s executive team with occasional meetings, reference calls and advice on an as-needed basis. So long as you are serving on the Board, Zoom will reimburse you for your reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board, so long as you provide Zoom with appropriate receipts or other relevant documentation. You would not be an employee of Zoom and would have no authority to obligate Zoom by contract or otherwise. You will not be eligible for any employee benefits, nor will Zoom make deductions from any amounts payable to you for taxes. Any taxes shall be solely your responsibility. 
 Your election to the Board is as a Class II director for an initial term starting on January 5, 2023 and ending on the date of the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). 
 You will be eligible to receive cash and equity compensation pursuant to Zoom s Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended from time to time (the Policy ). Under such Policy as currently in effect, as a member of the Board, you will receive an annual retainer of 45,000. As a member of the Cybersecurity Risk Management Committee, you will receive an annual retainer of 10,000, and as the Chair of such committee, you will receive an additional annual retainer of 10,000. If you serve on any additional committees of the Board, you will receive an additional annual retainer. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Policy, you will also be eligible to receive a restricted stock unit grant upon your initial election to the Board and a restricted stock unit grant on the date of the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders. 
 In your capacity as a director of Zoom, you will be expected not to use or disclose any confidential information, including, but not limited to, trade secrets of any former employer or other person or entity to whom you have an obligation of confidentiality. Rather, you will be expected to use only information that is generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to your own, that is common knowledge in the industry or otherwise legally in the public domain, or that is otherwise provided by Zoom. You acknowledge that as a result of your service as a director you will obtain confidential information relating to or provided by Zoom and its affiliates. During and after your service with Zoom, you will not use for your benefit or disclose confidential information, knowledge or data relating to or provided by Zoom and its affiliates. You will be entitled to indemnification for your services as a Board member in accordance with Zoom s standard form of indemnification agreement and Zoom s charter documents. 
 This letter, along with the indemnification agreement and restricted stock unit documentation referred to herein, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Zoom. This agreement supersedes any other agreements or promises made to you by anyone, whether oral or written, and it may only be modified in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of Zoom. 
 To accept this offer, please sign and return one copy of this letter to us by January 5, 2023. 
 Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 
 55 Almaden Blvd, Suite 600, San Jose, CA 95113 
 zoom.us 1.888.799.9666 

Cindy, we believe you will be a tremendous addition to the Board and I am excited to work with you. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 

s Eric S. Yuan_____________________ 
 Eric S. Yuan, CEO 
 Accepted and Agreed 

s Cindy L. Hoots __________________ 
 Cindy L. Hoots 

Date January 4, 2023 

Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 
 55 Almaden Blvd, Suite 600, San Jose, CA 95113 
 zoom.us 1.888.799.9666 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 listofsubsidiaries_2023.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

List of subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Organization Zoom Voice Communications, Inc. United States of America ZVC UK LTD United Kingdom ZVC Australia PTY LTD Australia ZVC Netherlands B.V. Netherlands ZVC Japan KK Japan Zoom Video Communications (Suzhou) Inc. China Saasbee Inc. (Hefei) Ltd. China SaasBee Software (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. China ZVC France SAS France ZVC India PVT LTD India ZVC Canada LTD Canada Zoom Video Communications (Hong Kong) LTD 
 Zoom Video Communications (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 
 China 
 ZVC Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore ZVC Germany GmbH Germany Keybase LLC United States of America Zoom Video Communications (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Solvvy, LLC United States of America Zoom Software (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. China Zoom Video Communications Korea, LLC Korea 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 a10-kconsent2023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-263354, 333-254444, 333-237348, 333-230997) on Form S-8 and registration statement (No.333-252035) on Form-S-3 of our report dated March 3, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 zm-20230131xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eric S. Yuan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By s Eric S. Yuan Date March 3, 2023 
 Eric S. Yuan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 zm-20230131xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kelly Steckelberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By s Kelly Steckelberg Date March 3, 2023 
 Kelly Steckelberg Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 zm-20230131xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Eric S. Yuan, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. Date March 3, 2023 
 By s Eric S. Yuan Eric S. Yuan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Kelly Steckelberg, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. Date March 3, 2023 
 By s Kelly Steckelberg Kelly Steckelberg Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 zm-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 zm-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 zm-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 zm-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 zm-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

