<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1400810_0000950170-23-007271.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>52158963</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328399</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4564350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>27336337</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5306919</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>13155426</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007271.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310160932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007271
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		183
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HCI Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001400810
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34126
		FILM NUMBER:		23723690

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3802 COCONUT PALM DRIVE
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33619
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813 849-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3802 COCONUT PALM DRIVE
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33619

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Homeowners Choice, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070524

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007271.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 hci-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

, no par value 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold on June 30, 2022, wa s . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, no par value, on March 2, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I: 

Item 1 
 
 Business 
 
 2 - 9 

Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 - 18 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 
 
 19 

Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 20 

Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 

PART II: 

Item 5 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 21 - 23 

Item 6 
 
 Reserved 
 
 23 

Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 24 - 34 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 34 - 35 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 36 - 112 

Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 113 

Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 113 

Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 113 

Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 114 

PART III: 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 115 

Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 115 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 115 

Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 115 

Item 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 115 

PART IV: 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 116 - 121 

Signatures 
 Certifications 

PART I 
 ITEM 1 Business 
 General 
 Incorporated in 2006, HCI Group, Inc. is a Florida-based company that, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in property and casualty insurance, information technology services, insurance management, real estate and reinsurance. References to we, our, us, the Company, or HCI in this Form 10-K generally refer to HCI Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our principal executive offices are located at 3802 Coconut Palm Drive, Tampa, Florida 33619, and our telephone number is (813) 849-9500. After the reorganization of our business in the first quarter of 2021, we now manage our operations in the following organizational segments, based on managerial emphasis and evaluation of financial and operating performances: 
 a) HCPCI Insurance Operations 

Property and casualty insurance 

Reinsurance and other auxiliary operations 

b) TypTap Group 

Property and casualty insurance 

Information technology 

c) Real Estate Operations 

d) Other Operations 

Holding company operations 

HCPCI Insurance Operations 
 Property and Casualty Insurance 
 Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. HCPCI was incorporated and began operations in 2007. HCPCI provides various forms of residential insurance products such as homeowners insurance, fire insurance, flood insurance and wind-only insurance to homeowners, condominium owners and tenants for properties primarily located in Florida and in various states outside of Florida. Due to the reduced availability and affordability of flood reinsurance coverage, HCPCI in 2023 will cease to offer flood insurance policies. Gross earned premiums from such policies comprised less than 1 of total HCPCI gross premiums earned during 2022. 
 HCPCI began operations by participating in a take-out program through which we assumed insurance policies issued by Citizens Property Insurance Corporation Citizens ), a Florida state-supported insurer. The take-out program is a legislatively mandated program designed to reduce the State s risk exposure by encouraging private companies to assume policies from Citizens. Opportunities to acquire large numbers of policies from Citizens meeting our strict underwriting criteria have diminished in recent years. We may, however, selectively pursue additional assumption transactions with Citizens when opportunities arise. 
 As an established carrier, HCPCI has also accepted the transfer or assumption of policies from other insurance companies in Florida or any states in which it operates. For example, in 2011 we accepted approximately 70,000 homeowners insurance policies representing 106 million in written premium from a carrier placed into receivership, approximately 43,000 homeowners insurance policies representing 69 million of annualized premium in April 2020 from a ratings-downgraded carrier that ceased conducting business, and approximately 6,000 homeowners insurance policies representing 20 million of annualized gross written premium from a carrier liquidated in August 2021. 
 Recently, HCPCI assumed personal lines insurance business in the states of Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island (collectively Northeast Region from United Property Casualty Insurance Company, an insurance subsidiary of United Insurance Holdings Corporation United ). HCPCI began renewing and/or replacing United policies in two states of the Northeast Region in December 2021, a third state in January 2022, and the fourth state in April 2022. More recently, HCPCI assumed personal lines insurance business in the states of Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina (collectively Southeast Region from United. HCPCI began renewing United policies in South Carolina in September 2022. HCPCI is authorized to write residential property and casualty insurance in the states of Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Florida, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina and Texas. Written premium generated by HCPCI in states other than Florida during 2022, including from assumed business, totaled approximately 38.5 million. 
 2 

Reinsurance and other auxiliary operations 
 We have a Bermuda domiciled wholly owned reinsurance subsidiary, Claddaugh Casualty Insurance Company Ltd Claddaugh ). We selectively retain risk in Claddaugh, reducing the cost of third party reinsurance. Claddaugh fully collateralizes its exposure to HCPCI and TypTap Insurance Company TypTap by depositing funds into a trust account. Claddaugh may mitigate a portion of its risk through retrocession contracts, however Claddaugh did not enter into any retrocession contracts for the 2022-2023 treaty year. Currently, Claddaugh does not provide reinsurance to non-affiliates. Other auxiliary operations also include claim adjusting and processing services. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenues from HCPCI insurance operations before intracompany elimination represented 66.1 , 74.6 and 73.4 , respectively, of total revenues of all operating segments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, HCPCI insurance operations total assets represented 53.4 and 58.7 , respectively, of the combined assets of all operating segments. See Note 15 -- Segment Information to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 TypTap Group 
 TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. TTIG ), our majority-owned subsidiary, currently has four subsidiaries: TypTap, TypTap Management Company, Exzeo USA, Inc., and Cypress Tech Development Company which also owns Exzeo Software Private Limited, a subsidiary domiciled in India. TTIG is primarily engaged in the property and casualty insurance business, focusing on standalone flood and homeowners multi-peril policies, and is currently using internally developed technology to collect and analyze claims and other supplemental data to generate savings and efficiency for its insurance operations. 
 In November 2021, we first announced our intention to list TTIG s common shares on a major U.S. stock exchange through a planned initial public offering to raise additional capital to fund its growth plan. In January 2022, we announced our postponement of TTIG s initial public offering due to market conditions not favorable to its success and realization of true value. 
 Property and Casualty Insurance 
 TypTap, TTIG s insurance subsidiary, was incorporated and began operations in 2016 and has been the primary source of our organic growth in gross written premium since then. Gross written premium consists of the sum of direct premiums written and assumed premiums written. In its first year of operation in 2016, gross written premium was 2.5 million and by 2022 it has grown to 348.2 million. Since TypTap began applying for approval to offer homeowners coverage in states outside of Florida in October 2020, TypTap has received approvals from 28 states. Written premium generated by TypTap in states other than Florida during 2022, including from assumed business, totaled approximately 100.2 million. TypTap has been successful in using internally developed proprietary technology to underwrite, select and write policies efficiently. 
 In addition to the expansion in TypTap business, we also expect continued growth from the policies assigned to TypTap in connection with the aforementioned assumed personal lines insurance business in the Northeast and Southeast Regions from United. TypTap began renewing and/or replacing United policies in two states of the Northeast Region in December 2021, a third state in January 2022, and the fourth state in April 2022. In June 2022, TypTap assumed personal lines insurance business in the Southeast Region from United and simultaneously began renewing United policies in South Carolina. TypTap began renewing and/or replacing United policies in Georgia in October 2022. In December 2022, TypTap began renewing United policies in North Carolina. 
 TypTap will also phase out its flood insurance products during 2023 due to the reduced availability and affordability of flood reinsurance coverage. Gross earned premiums from such policies comprised less than 5 of total TypTap gross premiums earned during 2022. 
 Information Technology 
 Our information technology operations include a team of experienced software developers with extensive knowledge in designing and creating web-based applications. The operations, which are located in Tampa, Florida and Noida, India, are focused on developing cloud-based, innovative products and services that support in-house operations as well as our third-party relationships with our agency partners and claim vendors. Products created thus far have been solely for use by the Company s insurance-related subsidiaries. 
 SAMS TM 
 SAMS is an online policy administration platform used by HCPCI. SAMS processes the full life cycle of a policy from policy quoting and issuance to agency management, cash receipts/disbursements, claims reserving and claim payments. 
 3 

Harmony TM 
 Harmony is the next generation policy administration platform used by both HCPCI and TypTap. The innovative Harmony system easily supports multiple companies and their products. In addition to supporting the full life cycle of a policy, Harmony also provides advanced underwriting capabilities as well as a simplified user experience for quoting and binding. 
 ClaimColony TM 
 ClaimColony is an end-to-end claims management platform used by insurance companies, third-party administrators, independent adjusters and insurance litigation services. Its unique capabilities include customizable workflows, real-time reporting, vendor management, and the ability to efficiently handle high claim volume. ClaimColony supports the entire claim lifecycle and also provides accounting and bookkeeping support as well as rich integration capabilities with policy administration systems such as SAMS and Harmony . 
 AtlasViewer 
 AtlasViewer is a mapping and data visualization platform. AtlasViewer allows users to map location-based data from multiple sources for a customized view of their data. The unique multilayered analysis improves decision making by providing unique insights into the data. Users can also securely share their maps and data with others, making the information instantly available to all invited users. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenues from TypTap Group before intracompany elimination represented 29.9 , 22.7 and 15.5 , respectively, of total revenues of all operating segments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, TypTap Group s total assets represented 37.9 and 29.3 , respectively, of the combined assets of all operating segments. See Note 15 -- Segment Information to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Shared Support Services 
 HCPCI s and TypTap s operations are supported by HCI Group, Inc. and certain HCI subsidiaries. Such operational support services consist of general administration, marketing, underwriting, accounting, policy administration, claim adjusting, and information technology. In particular, we leverage our internally developed software technologies to drive efficiency in claim process and claims settlement, identify underwriting profitability, and improve satisfaction of our policyholders and agents within our insurance business. 
 Nature of Our Business 
 The nature of our business is to cover losses that may arise from, among other things, hurricanes and other catastrophic events such as tornadoes, floods and winter storms. The occurrence of any such catastrophes could have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. To mitigate the risk associated with catastrophic events, we purchase reinsurance from other large insurance companies. Even without catastrophic events, we may incur losses and loss adjustment expenses that deviate substantially from our estimates and that may exceed our reserves, in which case our net income and capital would decrease. Our operating and growth strategies may also be impacted by regulation of our business by the State of Florida and other states in which we may operate. For example, insurance regulators must approve our policy forms and premium rates as well as monitor our compliance with financial and regulatory requirements. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, below. 
 Business Strategy 
 We operate in highly competitive markets where we face competition from national, regional and residual market insurance companies and, in the case of flood insurance, a program backed by the U.S. government. We may also face competition from new entrants in our markets, and such entrants may create pricing pressure that could lead to overall premium reductions. 
 Our competitive strategies focus on the following key areas: 
 Exceptional service We are committed to maintaining superior service to our policyholders and agents. 

Claims settlement practices We focus on fair and timely settlement of policyholder claims. 

Disciplined underwriting We analyze exposures and utilize available underwriting data to ensure policies meet our selective criteria. 

New product offerings We may cross-sell additional insurance products to our existing policyholders in order to broaden our lines of business and product mix or identify other lines of insurance to offer. 

Effective and efficient use of technology We strive to add or improve technology that can effectively and efficiently enhance service to our policyholders and agents. For instance, we use our internally developed application, ClaimColony TM , to increase the efficiency of our claims processing and settlement. 

4 

Geographical expansion We continue to pursue opportunities to further expand our business within the state of Florida and in other states to increase overall geographic diversification. HCPCI and TypTap currently have regulatory approvals to underwrite residential property and casualty insurance in various states. 

Distribution channel We continue to improve our relationship with independent agents through collaboration and implementation of technologies that facilitate independent agents in finding the right insurance policies for their clients. In fact, this agency relationship is very essential to the organic growth of TypTap. 

Seasonality of Our Business 
 Our insurance business is seasonal. Hurricanes and tropical storms affecting Florida, our primary market, and other southeastern states typically occur during the period from June 1 st through November 30 th of each year. Winter storms in the northeast usually occur during the period between December 1 st and March 31 st of each year. In addition, our reinsurance contracts are generally effective June 1 st of each year, and any variation in the cost of our reinsurance, whether due to changes in reinsurance rates, coverage levels or changes in the total insured value of our policy base, will be reflected in our financial results beginning June 1 st of each year. 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to the laws and regulations in any state in which we conduct our insurance business. The regulations cover all aspects of our business and are generally designed to protect the interests of insurance policyholders as opposed to the interests of shareholders. Such regulations relate to a wide variety of financial and non-financial matters including: 
 authorized lines of business; 

capital and surplus requirements; 

approval of allowable rates and forms; 

approval of reinsurance contracts; 

investment parameters; 

underwriting limitations; 

transactions with affiliates; 

dividend limitations; 

changes in control; and 

market conduct. 

Our failure to comply with certain provisions of applicable insurance laws and regulations could have a material, adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Implications of Florida Senate Bill 2-A 
 In December 2022, the Florida legislature passed Senate Bill 2-A SB 2-A ). The primary purpose of SB 2-A is to address the affordability and availability of residential property insurance in Florida. The bill also requires insurers to communicate, investigate, and pay valid claims more promptly. Key provisions in SB 2-A are- 
 The establishment of a new program called the Florida Optional Reinsurance Assistance Program. The program is intended to make available additional reinsurance coverage to residential property insurers against catastrophic losses at reasonable rates. 

The repeal of Florida s one-way attorney s fee provision, which entitled an insured to reasonable attorney s fees in any lawsuit in which any amount of recovery was awarded. 

The requirement of an expedited claims process. Reduced time limits for insurers to respond to policyholders throughout the claims resolution process will be mandated. 

The prohibition of an Assignment of Benefits AOB contract from being applied to residential property insurance policies. This provision is intended to prevent AOBs from being used as a tool for fraud and abuse and will help enforce the law passed in May 2022 prohibiting contractor solicitation of roof claims without proper disclosure to a consumer. 

5 

The reduction in the required time limit for filing a claim. The time limit for providing a notice of loss to an insurer is reduced from two years to one year for initial or reopened claims and from three years to 18 months for supplemental claims. 

We are optimistic that SB 2-A will deter frivolous lawsuits and improve the affordability and availability of residential property insurance in Florida. 
 State Licensure and Approval 
 All states require licensure and regulatory approval prior to the marketing of insurance products. Typically, licensure review is comprehensive and includes a review of a company s business plan, solvency, reinsurance, rates, and forms, the character of its officers and directors and other of its financial and non-financial aspects. The regulatory authorities may prevent entry into a new market by not granting a license. In addition, regulatory authorities may preclude or delay our entry into markets by disapproving or withholding approval of our product filings. 
 Statutory Reporting and Examination 
 All insurance companies must file quarterly and annual statements with certain regulatory agencies in any state in which they are licensed to transact business and are subject to regular and special examinations by those agencies. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners mandates that all insurance companies be examined a minimum of once every five years. However, the Florida Department of Financial Services, Office of Insurance Regulation FLOIR has the authority to conduct an examination whenever it is deemed appropriate. The latest financial examination of HCPCI and TypTap conducted by the FLOIR was for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Liability for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 Our liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses represents our estimate of the total cost of (i) claims that have been incurred, but not yet paid case reserves ), (ii) losses that have been incurred but not yet reported IBNR ), and (iii) loss adjustment expenses LAE which are intended to cover the ultimate cost of adjusting, investigating and settling claims, including investigation and defense of lawsuits resulting from such claims. We base our estimates on various assumptions and actuarial data we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The process of estimating the liability is inherently subjective and is influenced by many variables such as past loss experience, current claim trends and the prevailing social, economic and legal environments. 
 Significant time can elapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us and our payment of that loss. Our liability for losses and LAE, which we believe represents the best estimate at a given point in time based on facts, circumstances and historical trends then known, may necessarily be adjusted to reflect additional facts that become available during the loss settlement period. 
 For a discussion and summary of the activity in the liability for losses and LAE for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, see Note 14 -- Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Loss Development 
 Our liability for losses and LAE represents estimated costs ultimately required to settle all claims for a given period. See Note 14 -- Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the net incurred and paid loss development tables for the years 2013 through 2022 and their reconciliation to the estimated liability for losses and LAE as of December 31, 2022. 
 Real Estate Operations 
 Our real estate operations consist of multiple properties we own and operate for investment purposes and also properties we own and use for our own operations. 
 Properties Used in Operations 
 Our real estate used in operations consists of an office building located in the Sabal Palms Industrial Park in Tampa, Florida with gross area of 67,289 square feet and our insurance operations site with gross area of approximately 16,000 square feet in Ocala, Florida. The Ocala location, in addition to day-to-day operational use, serves as our alternative site in the event we experience any significant disruption at our Tampa offices. 
 6 

Investment Properties 
 Our portfolio of investment properties includes two waterfront properties consisting of a total of 17.1 acres and a five-acre submerged land lease. One waterfront property contains a building structure that we currently lease to Crabby Bill s restaurant and a marina while the other houses retail space and a marina with high and dry storage. We acquired the restaurant and marina operations in connection with our purchase of the waterfront properties and we continue to operate two marinas to enhance the property values. The table below sets forth information concerning our investment properties. 

Year 
 Net Rentable 

Description/Location 
 Acquired 
 Space (SF) 
 Anchor Tenant 

Waterfront property Tierra Verde, Florida 
 2011 
 22,884 
 Tierra Verde Marina (a) 

Waterfront property Treasure Island, Florida 
 2012 
 12,790 
 Crabby Bill s restaurant 

Retail shopping center Sorrento, Florida 
 2016 
 61,430 
 Publix supermarket 

Retail shopping center Melbourne, Florida 
 2016 
 49,995 
 Fresh Market supermarket 

Office building Tampa, Florida 
 2017 
 68,867 
 (b) 

Retail shopping center Riverview, Florida 
 2018 
 8,400 
 Thorntons, LLC 

Retail shopping center Clearwater, Florida 
 2018 
 54,296 
 ALDI supermarket 

Vacant land Tampa, Florida 
 2018 
 (c) 
 (c) 

(a) Affiliate. 

(b) Effective January 1, 2023, this property is used in our operations and, as a result, is reclassified out of real estate investments to property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

(c) Not applicable. 

Other Real Estate Investments 
 Melbourne FMA, LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary, had a 90 interest in a joint venture company which was dissolved in December 2022. See Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture in Note 4 -- Investments to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 7 

Other Operations 
 Holding company operations 
 Activities of our holding company, HCI Group, Inc., plus other companies that do not meet the quantitative and qualitative thresholds for a reportable segment comprise the operations of this segment. 
 Financial Highlights 
 The following table summarizes our financial performance during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

(Amounts in millions except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

For the year ended December 31: 

Net premiums earned 

463.6 

377.3 

262.5 

Total revenue 

499.6 

407.9 

310.4 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

371.5 

227.5 

160.0 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(68.4) 

11.2 

36.9 

Net (loss) income 

(54.6) 

7.2 

27.6 

Net (loss) income after noncontrolling interests 

(58.5) 

1.9 

27.6 

(Loss) earnings per share: 

Basic 

(6.24) 

0.23 

3.55 

Diluted 

(6.24) 

0.21 

3.49 

Dividends per share 

1.60 

1.60 

1.60 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

96.5 

77.3 

Cash dividends paid on common stock 

15.2 

13.8 

12.4 

At December 31: 

Total investments 

615.6 

196.7 

225.7 

Cash and cash equivalents 

234.9 

628.9 

431.3 

Total assets 

1,803.3 

1,176.9 

941.3 

Total liabilities 

1,548.5 

762.4 

740.2 

Redeemable noncontrolling interest 

93.6 

90.0 

Total equity 

161.3 

324.5 

201.1 

Common shares outstanding (in millions) 

8.6 

10.1 

7.8 

Net of cash dividends received under share repurchase forward contract. 
 Environmental Matters 
 As a property owner, we are subject to regulations under various federal, state, and local laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. 
 Cybersecurity 
 We rely on digital technology to conduct our businesses and interact with customers, policyholders, agents, and vendors. With this reliance on technology comes the associated security risks from using today s communication technology and networks. 
 To defend our computer systems from cyber-attacks, we utilize tools such as firewalls, anti-malware software, multifactor authentication, e-mail security services, virtual private networks, third-party security experts, and timely applied software patches, among others. We engage third-party consultants to conduct penetration tests to identify potential security vulnerabilities. Although we believe our defenses against cyber-intrusions are sufficient, we continually monitor our computer networks for new types of threats. 
 Work Environment 
 We adhere to a harassment prevention policy which details how to report and respond to harassment issues and prohibits any form of retaliation. This includes mandatory harassment prevention training for all employees. 
 We are committed to paying a living wage to all of our full-time employees. We offer competitive benefits to our employees including options for health coverage and short-term and long-term disability insurance at no cost to the employee. We also award restricted stock to employees to align their interests with stockholder interests. 
 Additionally, our Bravo program allows employees to earn paid time off as well as cash bonuses for engaging in charitable causes, continued education and professional development activities. 
 8 

Diversity 
 We value a diverse and inclusive work environment and accordingly our workforce consists of men and women of many races, religions, and national origins. We forbid any form of discrimination based upon race, gender, religion, or ethnicity. 
 Our Board is highly diverse in terms of gender, ethnicity, culture, education and business backgrounds, and our U.S.-based workforce is 61 female and approximately 47 non-white. 
 Employees 
 As of February 27, 2023, we employed a total of 578 full-time individuals. In addition, we employed 11 employees through a professional employer organization. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly, and current reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These filings are accessible free of charge on our website, www.hcigroup.com (click SEC filings at the Investor Information tab), as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, which can be accessed via the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 ITEM 1A R isk Factors 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including those described below, which could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity and could cause our operating results to vary significantly from period to period. 
 Business and operational risks 
 Our historical revenue growth was derived primarily through policy assumptions and acquisitions. We cannot guarantee that future policy assumptions and acquisitions will be available to the extent they have in the past. 
 A substantial portion of our historical revenue has been generated from policies assumed from Citizens and other insurance companies, our acquisition of policies from several Florida insurance companies and subsequent renewals of these policies. Our ability to grow our premium base may depend upon the availability of future policy assumptions and acquisitions upon acceptable terms. Opportunities to acquire large numbers of policies from Citizens meeting our strict underwriting criteria have diminished in recent years. We cannot provide assurance that such opportunities will arise in the future. 
 Although we have begun providing insurance services in other states, our insurance business is primarily in Florida. Thus, any catastrophic event or other condition affecting losses in Florida could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any catastrophic event, a destructive weather pattern, a general economic trend, regulatory developments or other conditions specifically affecting the state of Florida could have a disproportionately adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While we actively manage our exposure to catastrophic events through our underwriting process and the purchase of reinsurance, the fact that our business is concentrated in the state of Florida subjects it to increased exposure to certain catastrophic events and destructive weather patterns such as hurricanes, tropical storms, and tornadoes. Changes in the prevailing regulatory, legal, economic, political, demographic and competitive environment, and other conditions in the state of Florida could also make it less attractive for us to do business in Florida and would have a more pronounced effect on our business than it would on other insurance companies that are more geographically diversified. Since our business is concentrated in this manner, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events or other conditions affecting losses in the state of Florida could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 Our results may fluctuate based on many factors including cyclical changes in the insurance industry. 
 The insurance industry historically has been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity, as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted an increase in pricing and, thus, more favorable underwriting profits. As premium levels increase, there may be new entrants to the market, which could subsequently lead to a decrease in premium levels. Any of these factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates in future periods, less favorable policy terms and fewer opportunities to underwrite insurance risks, which could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance business significantly. 
 9 

We cannot predict whether market conditions will improve, remain constant or deteriorate. Negative market conditions may impair our ability to write insurance at rates that we consider appropriate relative to the risk assumed. If we cannot write insurance at appropriate rates, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 We rely on highly skilled and experienced personnel and if we are unable to attract, retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, our business may be seriously harmed. In addition, the loss of our chief executive officer or other key senior management personnel could harm our business and future prospects. 
 Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly-skilled and experienced individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled and experienced personnel and, if we are unable to hire and train a sufficient number of qualified employees for any reason, we may not be able to maintain or implement our current initiatives or grow, or our business may contract and we may lose market share. Moreover, certain of our competitors or other insurance or technology businesses may seek to hire our employees. We cannot assure you that we will provide adequate incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees in the future. If we do not succeed in attracting, retaining and motivating highly qualified personnel, our business may be seriously harmed. 
 Our operations are highly dependent on the efforts of our senior executive officers, particularly our chief executive officer, Paresh Patel, as well as our chief financial officer, Mark Harmsworth, and the President of our Real Estate Division, Anthony Saravanos. The loss of their leadership, industry knowledge and experience could negatively impact our operations. However, we have management succession plans to lessen any such negative impact. We maintain key-man life insurance on Mr. Patel although such policy may be insufficient to cover the damage resulting from the loss of Mr. Patel s services. 
 Our information technology systems may fail or be disrupted, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our insurance business is highly dependent upon the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our computer and data processing systems. We rely on these systems to perform underwriting and other modeling functions necessary for writing business, as well as to handle our policy administration process (i.e., the printing and mailing of our policies, endorsements, renewal notices, etc.). The failure or disruption of these systems could interrupt our operations and result in a material, adverse effect on our business. 
 The growth of our insurance business is dependent upon the successful development and implementation of advanced computer and data processing systems as well as the development and deployment of new information technologies to streamline our operations, including policy underwriting, production and administration and claim processing. The failure of these systems to function as planned could slow our growth and adversely affect our future business volume and results of operations. Additionally, our computer and data processing systems could become obsolete or could cease to provide a competitive advantage in policy underwriting, production and administration and claim processing which could negatively affect our future results of operations. 
 We conduct our business primarily from offices located in Tampa, Florida where tropical storms could damage our facilities or interrupt our power supply. We currently provide a hybrid work from home strategy for a majority of our workforce. This availability is provided through our highly available redundant cloud infrastructure. The loss or significant impairment of functionality in these facilities for any reason could have a material, adverse effect on our business. We believe this hybrid work strategy and redundant cloud infrastructure provides sufficient redundancies to replace our facilities if functionality is impaired. We contract with a third-party vendor to maintain complete daily backups of our systems, which are stored at the vendor s facility in Atlanta, Georgia. We additionally use industry leading Internet cloud infrastructure providers to host some of our data processing systems. These cloud providers ensure redundancy across geographic regions with additional daily system backups. Access to these databases and hosted environments is strictly controlled and limited to authorized personnel. In the event of a disaster causing a complete loss of functionality at our Tampa locations, we plan to use our alternative office in Ocala, Florida temporarily to continue our operations. 
 Increased competition, competitive pressures, industry developments, and market conditions could affect the growth of our business and adversely impact our financial results. 
 The property and casualty insurance industry is cyclical and highly competitive. We compete not only with other stock companies but also with mutual companies, the U.S. government, other underwriting organizations and alternative risk-sharing mechanisms. Our principal lines of business are written by numerous other insurance companies. Competition for any one account may come from very large, well-established national companies, smaller regional companies, other specialty insurers in our field, and new entrants to the market. Many of these competitors have greater financial resources, larger agency networks and greater name recognition than our company. Additionally, our competitors may merge or acquire one another and further increase their combined financial resources and agency networks. We compete for business not only on the basis of price, but also on the basis of financial strength, types of coverage offered, availability of coverage desired by customers, commission structure, and quality of service. We may have difficulty continuing to compete successfully on any of these bases in the future. Competitive pressures coupled with market conditions may affect our rate of premium growth and financial results. 
 HCPCI and TypTap have each obtained a Demotech rating of A Exceptional, which is accepted by major mortgage companies operating in the state of Florida and many other states. Mortgage companies may require homeowners to obtain property insurance from an insurance company with an acceptable A.M. Best rating, which we do not currently have. Such a requirement could 
 10 

prevent us from expanding our business unless we obtain such rating, which may in turn limit our ability to compete with large, national insurance companies and certain regional insurance companies. A downgrade or loss of our Demotech rating could result in a substantial loss of business in the event insureds move their business to insurers with a sufficient financial strength rating. A credit rating downgrade could also result in a significant reduction in the number of policies that our agency networks can sell. 
 There are inherent limitations and risks related to our projections and our estimates of claims and loss reserves. If our actual losses exceed our loss reserves, our financial results, our ability to expand our business, and our ability to compete in the property and casualty insurance industry may be negatively affected. In addition, industry developments could further increase competition in our industry. These developments could include 
 an influx of new capital in the marketplace as existing companies attempt to expand their businesses and new companies attempt to enter the insurance business because of better pricing and/or terms; 

new programs or changes to existing programs in which federally or state-sponsored entities provide property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative markets; 

changes in Florida s or any other states regulatory climate; and 

the enactment of federal proposals for an optional federal charter that would allow some competing insurers to operate under regulations different or less stringent than those applicable to our insurance subsidiaries. 

These developments and others could make the property and casualty insurance marketplace more competitive by increasing the supply of insurance available. 
 If competition limits our ability to write new business at adequate rates, our future results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 If our actual losses from claims exceed our loss reserves, our financial results would be adversely affected. 
 Our objective is to establish loss reserves that are adequate and represent management s best estimate of the ultimate cost to investigate and settle each specific claim. However, the process of establishing adequate reserves is complex and inherently uncertain, and the ultimate cost of a claim may vary materially from the amounts reserved. We regularly monitor and evaluate loss and loss adjustment expense reserve development to determine reserve adequacy. 
 Due to these uncertainties, the ultimate losses may vary materially from current loss reserves which could have a material, adverse effect on our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our failure to pay claims accurately could adversely affect our insurance business, financial results and capital requirements. 
 We rely on our claims personnel to accurately evaluate and pay the claims made under our policies. Many factors could affect our ability to accurately evaluate and pay claims, including the accuracy of our independent adjusters as they make their assessments and submit their estimates of damages; the training, background, and experience of our claims representatives; the ability of our claims personnel to ensure consistent claims processing given the input by our independent adjusters; the ability of our claims department to translate the information provided by our independent adjusters into acceptable claims settlements; and the ability of our claims personnel to maintain and update our claims processing procedures and systems as they evolve over time based on claims and geographical trends in claims reporting. Any failure to pay claims accurately could lead to material litigation, undermine our reputation in the marketplace, impair our corporate image and negatively affect our financial results. 
 The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain. 
 As industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. In some instances, these changes may not become apparent until sometime after we have issued insurance contracts that are affected by the changes. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance contracts may not be known for many years after a contract is issued and renewed, and our financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected as a result of any such unforeseen changes. 
 Failure to maintain our risk-based capital at the required levels could adversely affect our ability to maintain regulatory authority to conduct our business. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are required to have sufficient capital and surplus in order to comply with insurance regulatory requirements, support our business operations and minimize our risk of insolvency. Failure to maintain adequate risk-based capital at 
 11 

the required levels could result in increasingly onerous reporting and examination requirements and could adversely affect our ability to maintain regulatory authority to conduct our business. 
 If we are unable to expand our business because our capital must be used to pay greater than anticipated claims, our financial results may suffer. 
 Our future growth will depend on our ability to expand the number of insurance policies we write, to expand the kinds of insurance products we offer, and to expand the geographic markets in which we do business, all balanced by the insurance risks we choose to write and cede. Our existing sources of funds include operations, investment holdings, and a bank credit facility. Unexpected catastrophic events in our market areas, such as hurricanes, may result in greater claims losses than anticipated, which could require us to limit or halt our growth while we redeploy our capital to pay these unanticipated claims unless we can raise additional capital. 
 Reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates or at all and we risk non-collectability of reinsurance amounts due us from reinsurers with which we have contracted. 
 Reinsurance is a method of transferring part of an insurance company s liability under an insurance policy to another insurance company, or reinsurer. We use reinsurance arrangements to limit and manage the amount of risk we retain, to stabilize our underwriting results and to increase our underwriting capacity. The cost of such reinsurance is subject to prevailing market conditions beyond our control, such as the amount of capital in the reinsurance market and the occurrence of natural and man-made catastrophes. We cannot be assured that reinsurance will remain continuously available to us in the amounts we consider sufficient and at prices acceptable to us. As a result, we may determine to increase the amount of risk we retain or look for other alternatives to reinsurance, which could in turn have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 With respect to the reinsurance contracts we currently have in effect, our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers is subject to such reinsurers ability and willingness to pay and to meet their obligations to us. We attempt to select financially strong reinsurers with an A.M. Best rating of A- or better or we require the reinsurer to fully collateralize its exposure. While we monitor from time to time the financial condition of our reinsurers, we rely principally on A.M. Best, our reinsurance broker, and other rating agencies in determining their ability to meet their obligations to us. Any failure on the part of any one reinsurance company to meet its obligations to us could have a material, adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The failure of the risk mitigation strategies we utilize could have a material, adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We utilize a number of strategies to mitigate risk exposure within our insurance business, which include: 
 engaging in vigorous underwriting; 

carefully evaluating terms and conditions of our policies; 

focusing on our risk aggregations by geographic zones and other bases; and 

ceding insurance risk to reinsurance companies. 

However, there are inherent limitations in these strategies. We cannot provide assurance that an unanticipated event or series of events will not result in loss levels which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we employ could have a material, adverse effect on our financial condition or our results of operations. 
 Our insurance underwriting process is generally designed to limit our exposure to known and manageable risks. Various provisions of our policies, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage, which have been negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. 
 In addition, the policies we issue contain conditions requiring the prompt reporting of claims to us and our right to decline coverage in the event of a violation of that condition. While our insurance product exclusions and limitations reduce the loss exposure to us and help eliminate known exposures to certain risks, it is possible that a court or regulatory authority could nullify or void an exclusion or legislation could be enacted modifying or barring the use of such endorsements and limitations in a way that would adversely affect our loss experience, which changes could have a material, adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 12 

If our customers were to claim that the policies they purchased failed to provide adequate or appropriate coverage, we could face claims that could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Although we aim to provide adequate and appropriate coverage under each of our policies, customers could purchase policies that prove to be inadequate or inappropriate. If such customers were to bring a claim or claims alleging that we failed in our responsibilities to provide them with the type or amount of coverage that they sought to purchase, we could be found liable for amounts significantly in excess of the policy limit, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we maintain errors and omissions insurance coverage to protect us against such liability, such coverage may be insufficient or inadequate. 
 Now and in the future, we may rely on independent agents to write our insurance policies, and if we are not able to contract with and retain independent agents, our revenues would be negatively affected. 
 We must compete with other insurers for independent agents business. Our competitors may offer a greater variety of insurance products, lower premiums for insurance coverage, or higher commissions to their agents. If our products, pricing and commissions do not remain competitive, we may find it more difficult to attract business from independent agents to sell our products. A material reduction in the amount of our products that independent agents sell could negatively affect our revenues. 
 Our success depends on our ability to accurately price the risks we underwrite. 
 The results of our operations and our financial condition depend on our ability to underwrite and set premium rates accurately for a wide variety of risks, including risks associated with flood insurance and other new product offerings. Rate adequacy is necessary to generate sufficient premiums to pay losses, loss adjustment expenses, and underwriting expenses and to earn a profit. To price our products accurately, we must collect and properly analyze a substantial amount of data; develop, test and apply appropriate rating formulas; closely monitor and timely recognize changes in trends; and project both severity and frequency of losses with reasonable accuracy. Our ability to undertake these efforts successfully, and thus, price our products accurately, is subject to several risks and uncertainties, some of which are outside of our control, including 
 the availability of sufficient reliable data; 

the uncertainties that inherently characterize estimates and assumptions; 

our selection and application of appropriate rating and pricing techniques; 

changes in legal standards, claim settlement practices, and restoration costs; and 

legislatively imposed consumer initiatives. 

In addition, we could underprice risks, which would negatively affect our profit margins. We could also overprice risks, which could reduce our retention, sales volume and competitiveness. The foregoing factors could materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our operations in India expose us to additional risks, which could negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our India operations expose us to additional risks including income tax risks, currency exchange rate fluctuations and risks related to other challenges caused by distance, language, and compliance with Indian labor laws and other complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our India operations. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, among others. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, or criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees. Although policies and procedures are designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. 
 Our acquired renewal rights intangible assets can be subject to impairment charges which can adversely affect our financial results. 
 We evaluate our renewal rights intangible assets when impairment indicators are present to determine if there has been any impairment in their carrying value. If we determine an impairment has occurred, we are required to record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the asset s carrying value over its estimated fair value. The assumptions underlying our fair value estimates are subject to uncertainties including, but not limited to, policy attrition rates, changes in premium rates, marketplace competition, policyholder behavior, and regulatory changes. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter our assumptions, the future cash flows estimated in our impairment analysis may materially differ from our actual results. 
 13 

The insolvency and receivership of United Property Casualty Insurance Company could adversely affect our financial results. 
 On February 27, 2023, United Property Casualty Insurance Company was placed into receivership by the State of Florida due to its financial insolvency. Under our agreements with United, United is responsible for payment of ceded premiums owed to us while the we are responsible for adjudicating and paying claims. We cannot predict the actions a receiver might take, which may include cancellation of policies subject to the quota share contracts, termination of the claims processing services agreement and restrictions on, or use of, funds held in trust. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Financial risks 
 HCI Group, Inc. depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to generate and transfer funds to meet its debt obligations. 
 HCI Group, Inc. does not have significant revenue-generating operations of its own. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt obligations depends on the financial condition and operating performance of our subsidiaries. If the funds we receive from our subsidiaries, some of which are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of distributions, are insufficient to meet our debt obligations, we may be required to raise funds through the issuance of additional debt or equity securities, reduce or suspend dividend payments, or sell assets. 
 We may require additional capital in the future which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. 
 Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses. To the extent that our present capital is insufficient to meet future operating requirements or to cover losses, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or curtail our growth. Based on our current operating plan, we believe current capital together with our anticipated retained income will support our operations. However, we cannot provide any assurance in that regard, since many factors will affect our capital needs and their amount and timing, including our growth and profitability, and the availability of reinsurance, as well as possible acquisition opportunities, market disruptions and other unforeseeable developments. If we require additional capital, it is possible that equity or debt financing may not be available at all or may be available only on terms unfavorable to us. Equity financings could result in dilution to our shareholders, and in any case such securities may have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to those of existing shareholders. If we cannot obtain adequate capital on favorable terms or at all, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially affected. 
 Our credit agreement contains restrictions that can limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 The agreement governing our revolving credit facility contains various covenants that limit our ability to engage in certain transactions. These covenants limit our and our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 

declare or make any restricted payments; 

create liens on any of our assets now owned or hereafter acquired; 

consolidate, merge, sell, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets now owned or hereafter acquired; and 

enter into certain transactions with our affiliates. 

An increase in interest rates may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 Borrowings under our revolving credit facility have a variable rate of interest. An increase in interest rate would have a negative impact on our results of operations attributable to increased interest expense. 
 Investment risks 
 There may be limited markets for and restrictions on certain holdings in our investment portfolio. 
 Certain holdings in our investment portfolio include limited partnership interests and commercial real estate. We may increase our holdings in these types of investments as we pursue further diversification. These investments may be illiquid in the near term as they are privately placed and are subject to certain restrictions or conditions that may limit our ability to immediately dispose of the investments. If it becomes necessary to sell any of these investments at a time when the fair market value is below our carrying value, we may incur significant losses which could have a material adverse effect on our net income and financial position. 
 14 

Our financial results may be negatively affected by the fact that a portion of our income is generated by the investment of our available cash. 
 A portion of our income is, and likely will continue to be, generated by the investment of our available cash. The amount of income so generated is a function of our investment policy, available investment opportunities, and the amount of available cash invested. Fluctuating interest rates and other economic factors make it difficult to estimate accurately the amount of investment income that will be realized. In fact, we have realized and may in the future realize losses on sales of our investments as well as credit losses on our investment holdings. Any unfavorable change to the fair value of our equity securities will also impact our financial results. 
 Our revenue from real estate investments may be affected by the success and economic viability of our anchor retail tenants. Our reliance on a single or significant tenant at certain properties may impact our ability to lease vacated space and adversely affect returns on the specific property. 
 At certain retail centers, we may have tenants, commonly referred to as anchor tenants, occupying all or a large portion of the gross leasable space. In the event an anchor tenant becomes insolvent, suffers a downturn in business, ceases its operations at the retail center, or otherwise determines not to renew its lease, any reduction or cessation of rental payments to us could adversely affect the returns on our real estate investments. A lease termination or cessation of operations by an anchor tenant could also lead to the loss of other tenants at the specific retail location. We may then incur additional expenses to make improvements and prepare the vacated space to be leased to one or more new tenants. 
 Similarly, the leases of some anchor tenants may permit the anchor tenant to transfer its lease to another retailer. The transfer to a new anchor tenant could cause customer traffic in the retail center to decrease and thereby reduce the income generated by that retail center. A lease transfer to a new anchor tenant could also allow other tenants to make reduced rental payments or to terminate their leases. 
 Our retail and other real estate properties may be subject to impairment charges which can adversely affect our financial results. 
 We periodically evaluate our long-lived assets and related intangible assets to determine if there has been any impairment in their carrying values. If we determine an impairment has occurred, we are required to record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the asset s carrying value over its estimated fair value. As our real estate operations grow, there is an increased potential that the impairment of an asset could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, our fair value estimates are based on several assumptions that are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, but not limited to, demand for space, competition for tenants, changes in market rental rates and costs to operate each property. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter our assumptions, the future cash flows estimated in our impairment analysis may not be achieved. 
 Our ongoing investments in real estate and information technology businesses have inherent risks and could burden our financial and human resources. 
 We have invested and expect to continue to invest in real estate and information technology. Despite our due diligence, these investments may still involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management and employees from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset liabilities assumed and incurred expenses, inadequate return of capital, and failure to realize the anticipated benefits. There can be no assurance that such investments will be successful and will not adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 Legal and regulatory risks 
 Industry trends, such as increased litigation against the insurance industry and individual insurers, the willingness of courts to expand covered causes of loss, rising jury awards, and the escalation of loss severity may contribute to increased costs and to the deterioration of the reserves of our insurance subsidiaries. 
 Loss severity in the property and casualty insurance industry may increase and may be driven by larger court judgments. In the event legal actions and proceedings are brought on behalf of classes of complainants, this may increase the size of judgments. The propensity of policyholders and third party claimants to litigate and the willingness of courts to expand causes of loss and the size of awards may render our loss reserves inadequate for current and future losses. 
 As an insurance holding company, we are currently subject to state regulation and in the future may become subject to federal regulation. 
 All states regulate insurance holding company systems. State statutes and administrative rules generally require each insurance company in the holding company group to register with the department of insurance in its state of domicile and to furnish information concerning the operations of the companies within the holding company system that may materially affect the operations, management 
 15 

or financial condition of the insurers within the group. As part of its registration, each insurance company must identify material agreements, relationships and transactions with affiliates, including without limitation, loans, investments, asset transfers, transactions outside of the ordinary course of business, certain management, service, and cost sharing agreements, reinsurance transactions, dividends, and consolidated tax allocation agreements. 
 Insurance holding company regulations generally provide that transactions between an insurance company and its affiliates must be fair and equitable, allocated between the parties in accordance with customary accounting practices, and fully disclosed in the records of the respective parties. Many types of transactions between an insurance company and its affiliates, such as transfers of assets among such affiliated companies, certain dividend payments from insurance subsidiaries and certain material transactions between companies within the system may be subject to prior approval by, or prior notice to, state regulatory authorities. If we are unable to obtain the requisite prior approval for a specific transaction, we would be precluded from taking the action, which could adversely affect our operations. In addition, state insurance regulations also frequently impose notice or approval requirements for the acquisition of specified levels of ownership in the insurance company or insurance holding company. 
 Regulations may vary from state to state, and states occasionally may have conflicting regulations. Currently, the federal government s role in regulating or dictating the policies of insurance companies is limited. However, Congress, from time to time, considers proposals that would increase the role of the federal government in insurance regulation, either in addition to or in lieu of state regulation. The impact of any future federal insurance regulation on our insurance operations is unclear and may adversely impact our business or competitive position. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation, which may reduce our profitability or limit our growth. Moreover, if we fail to comply with these regulations, we may be subject to penalties, including fines and suspensions, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The insurance industry is highly regulated and supervised. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the supervision and regulation of the states in which they are domiciled and the states in which they transact insurance business. Such supervision and regulation is primarily designed to protect our policyholders rather than our shareholders. These regulations are generally administered by a department of insurance in each state and relate to, among other things 
 the content and timing of required notices and other policyholder information; 

the amount of premiums the insurer may write in relation to its surplus; 

the amount and nature of reinsurance a company is required to purchase; 

participation in guaranty funds and other statutorily created markets or organizations; 

business operations and claims practices; 

approval of policy forms and premium rates; 

standards of solvency, including risk-based capital measurements; 

licensing of insurers and their products; 

restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments; 

restrictions on the ability of insurance company subsidiaries to pay dividends to their holding companies; 

restrictions on transactions between insurance companies and their affiliates; 

restrictions on the size of risks insurable under a single policy; 

requiring deposits for the benefit of policyholders; 

requiring certain methods of accounting; 

periodic examinations of our operations and finances; 

the form and content of records of financial condition required to be filed; and 

the level of reserves. 

The Florida Office of Insurance Regulation and regulators in other jurisdictions where we may become licensed and offer insurance products conduct periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies and require the filing of annual and other reports relating to financial condition, holding company issues and other matters. These regulatory requirements may adversely affect or inhibit 
 16 

our ability to achieve some or all of our business objectives. These regulatory authorities also conduct periodic examinations into insurers business practices. These reviews may reveal deficiencies in our insurance operations or non-compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 In certain states including Florida, insurance companies are subject to assessments levied by the states where they conduct their business. While we can recover these assessments from Florida policyholders through policy surcharges, our payment of the assessments and our recoveries may not offset each other in the same reporting period in our consolidated financial statements and may cause a material, adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations in a particular reporting period. 
 In addition, regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to deny or revoke licenses for various reasons, including the violation of regulations. In some instances, we follow practices based on our interpretations of regulations or practices that we believe may be generally followed by the industry. These practices may turn out to be different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities. If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or otherwise penalize us. This could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 
 Finally, changes in the level of regulation of the insurance industry or changes in laws or regulations themselves or interpretations by regulatory authorities could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 
 A regulatory environment that requires approval of rate increases and that can dictate underwriting practices and mandate participation in loss sharing arrangements may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 From time to time, political events and positions affect the insurance market, including efforts to suppress rates to a level that may not allow us to reach targeted levels of profitability. For example, if our loss ratio compares favorably to that of the industry, state regulatory authorities may impose rate rollbacks, require us to pay premium refunds to policyholders, or challenge or otherwise delay our efforts to raise rates even if the homeowners industry generally is not experiencing regulatory challenges to rate increases. In particular, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, state regulators and legislators are under increased political pressure to provide financial relief to policyholders through premium rebates or requiring insurers to pay claims arising from COVID-19 related losses, regardless of the applicable policy s exclusions. 
 In addition, certain states have enacted laws that require an insurer conducting business in that state to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations. Certain states also require insurers to offer coverage to all consumers, often restricting an insurer s ability to charge the price it might otherwise charge. In these markets, we may be compelled to underwrite significant amounts of business at lower-than-desired rates, possibly leading to an unacceptable return on equity. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by any of these factors. 
 Our real estate operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, and local laws concerning the environment. 
 Our real estate operations own various properties including marina facilities, and commercial buildings. As a result, we are subject to regulation under various federal, state, and local laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur substantial costs, including remediation costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions and third-party damage or personal injury claims, if in the future we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws relating to our real estate operations. 
 Security and fraud risks 
 An unauthorized disclosure or loss of policyholder or employee information or other sensitive or confidential information, including by cyber-attack or other security breach, could cause a loss of data, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain certain sensitive and confidential information. We are subject to various federal and state privacy laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of certain sensitive or confidential information. Despite the security measures we have implemented to help ensure data security and compliance with applicable laws and rules, which include firewalls, regular penetration testing and other measures, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, theft of data, misplaced or lost data, programming and human errors, physical break-ins, or other disruptions. In addition, we cannot ensure that we will be able to identify, prevent or contain the effects of possible cyber-attacks or other cybersecurity risks in the future that may bypass our security measures or disrupt our information technology systems or business. 
 17 

Noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations, or any security breach, cyber-attack or cybersecurity breach, and any incident involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of, or access to, sensitive or confidential member information, could require us to expend significant capital and other resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures and to remediate any damage caused by such breaches. In addition, this could result in interruptions to our operations and damage to our reputation, and misappropriation of confidential information could also result in regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other liability or actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. As the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs. 
 We rely on service providers and vendors to provide certain technology, systems and services that we use in connection with various functions of our business, including PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant credit card processing, and we may entrust them with confidential information. The information systems of our third-party service providers and vendors are also vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. Hardware, software or applications we obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. Ever-evolving threats mean our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt their own respective systems and processes, and there is no assurance that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security via a third-party service provider or vendor could result in additional significant costs, lost revenues, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. We have acquired a cybersecurity insurance policy to help mitigate any financial impact that may incur with a breach along with the assistance for legal and/or media requirements during that time. 
 General risks 
 An overall decline in economic activity could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of our business. 
 The demand for homeowners insurance generally rises as the overall level of household income increases and generally falls as household income decreases, affecting premiums, commissions and fees generated by our business. Some new polices may be sourced by referral sources tied to home closing transactions, and major slowdowns in the various housing markets we serve could impact our ability to generate new business. The economic activity that impacts homeowners insurance is most closely correlated with employment levels, corporate revenue and asset values. 
 Changing climate conditions could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 There is an emerging scientific consensus on climate change, which may affect the frequency and severity of storms, floods and other weather events, and negatively affect our business, results of operations, and/or financial condition. 
 We have exposure to unpredictable catastrophes, which can materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 We write insurance policies that cover homeowners, condominium owners, and tenants for losses that result from, among other things, catastrophes. We are therefore subject to losses, including claims under policies we have written, arising out of catastrophes that may have a significant effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. A significant catastrophe could also have an adverse effect on our reinsurers. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hailstorms, explosions, power outages, fires, winter storms and man-made events. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Our policyholders are currently concentrated in Florida and the northeast and southeast regions, which are subject to adverse weather conditions such as hurricanes, tropical storms and winter storms. Therefore, although we attempt to manage our exposure to catastrophes through our underwriting process and the purchase of reinsurance protection, an especially severe catastrophe or series of catastrophes could exceed our reinsurance protection and may have a material, adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition . 
 
 ITEM 1B Unresol ved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 18 

ITEM 2 Properties 
 Real Estate Owned and Used in Operations 
 Tampa, Florida. The real estate consists of a two-story building with gross area of approximately 67,300 square feet and currently serves as HCI Group, Inc. s corporate headquarters. 
 Ocala, Florida . The real estate consists of 1.6 acres of land and an office building with gross area of approximately 16,000 square feet. The facility is 100 designated for our insurance operations and used exclusively by TypTap Management Company. 
 Investment Real Estate 
 Treasure Island, Florida . The real estate consists of approximately 10 acres of waterfront property and land improvements, a restaurant and a marina facility. The marina facility is currently owned and operated by us. The restaurant facility is leased to an unrelated party that operates several restaurants in the area. 
 Tierra Verde, Florida . The real estate consists of 7.1 acres of waterfront property, a dry rack storage building with gross area of 57,500 square feet, and two buildings with retail space having an aggregate gross area of approximately 23,000 square feet. This marina facility is owned and operated by us. Approximately 6 of the available retail space is occupied by us, 68 of the retail space is leased to non-affiliates, and the remaining space is available for lease. 
 Riverview, Florida . The real estate consists of 2.57 acres of land, 1.27 acres of which is leased to Thorntons, LLC, a gas station and convenience store chain. Our retail structure with 8,400 square feet of net rentable space is situated on the remaining land. 100 of the rentable space is leased to non-affiliates. 
 Sorrento, Florida . The real estate includes 5.42 acres of outparcel land intended for ground lease or resale and a retail shopping center with 61,430 square feet of net rentable area. Approximately 74 of the rentable space is currently leased to Publix supermarket. 100 of the rentable space is leased to non-affiliates. See Note 28 -- Subsequent Events to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Melbourne, Florida . The real estate includes 2.26 acres of outparcel land intended for ground lease, resale or future development and a retail shopping center with 49,995 square feet of rentable area. Approximately 42 of the rentable space is currently leased to Fresh Market supermarket. Approximately 95 of the rentable space is leased to non-affiliates and the remaining space is available for lease. See Note 28 -- Subsequent Events to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Tampa, Florida . We own investment properties in two different locations. One real estate consists of 6.38 acres of land and an office building with gross area of 68,867 square feet. The building was 100 leased to Bank of America through October 2022. Effective January 1, 2023, this property is used in our operations and, as a result, is reclassified out of real estate investments to property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet subsequent to December 31, 2022. Another is approximately 9 acres of undeveloped land that we acquired in February 2019. 
 Clearwater, Florida . The real estate consists of 6.08 acres of land and a retail building with 54,296 square feet of rentable space. Approximately 59 of the rentable space is currently leased to ALDI supermarket. Approximately 94 of the rentable space is leased to non-affiliates and the remaining space is available for lease. 
 Leased Property 
 Tampa, Florida . We leased 52,693 square feet of office space and use of a four-level parking garage which primarily served as TTIG s corporate headquarters and several of its subsidiaries offices until January 31, 2023. See Note 28 -- Subsequent Events to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Noida, India . We lease 15,000 square feet of office space for our information technology operations. The original lease expired in January 2022 and we entered into a new lease agreement for this lease effective February 2022 with an initial term of nine years. 
 Miami Lakes, Florida . We lease approximately 5,600 square feet of office space for our claims related administration. The lease is currently on a month-to-month basis. 
 19 

Expense under all facility leases was 1,595,000, 1,945,000, and 1,259,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 3 Lega l Proceedings 
 We are a party to claims and legal actions arising routinely in the ordinary course of our business. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of the claims asserted against us, we do not believe that any currently pending legal proceeding to which we are a party will have a material, adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 ITEM 4 Mine Sa fety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 20 

PART II 
 ITEM 5 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related S tockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Markets for Common Stock 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HCI. 
 Holders 
 As of February 27, 2023, the market price for our common stock was 53.49 and there were 176 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 The declaration and payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors. Our ability to pay dividends depends on many factors, including the Company s operating results, financial condition, capital requirements, the availability of cash from our subsidiaries and legal and regulatory constraints and requirements on the payment of dividends and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. The following table represents the frequency and amount of all cash dividends declared on our common stock for the two most recent fiscal years: 

Declaration Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Date of Record 
 
 Per Share Amount 

10/13/2022 
 
 12/16/2022 
 
 11/18/2022 

0.40 

7/14/2022 
 
 9/16/2022 
 
 8/19/2022 

0.40 

4/26/2022 
 
 6/17/2022 
 
 5/17/2022 

0.40 

1/20/2022 
 
 3/18/2022 
 
 2/18/2022 

0.40 

10/15/2021 
 
 12/17/2021 
 
 11/19/2021 

0.40 

7/7/2021 
 
 9/17/2021 
 
 8/20/2021 

0.40 

4/28/2021 
 
 6/18/2021 
 
 5/21/2021 

0.40 

1/15/2021 
 
 3/19/2021 
 
 2/19/2021 

0.40 

Under Florida law, a domestic insurer may not pay any dividend or distribute cash or other property to its stockholders unless certain requirements, which are discussed in Note 25 -- Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are met. Hence, Florida law may limit the availability of cash from our insurance subsidiaries for the payment of dividends to our shareholders. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table summarizes our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. We currently have no equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders. 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) Number of Securities To be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 

(b) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 

(c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Stockholders 

440,000 

45.25 

1,116,205 

21 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the 5-year cumulative total dollar return to shareholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 Index and the NASDAQ Insurance Index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our common stock and in each index on December 31, 2017 and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 

22 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 All information related to sales of unregistered securities have been reported in Current Report on Form 8-K filings. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 T he table below summarizes the number of common shares repurchased under the 2022 repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, and also the number of common shares surrendered by employees to satisfy payroll tax liabilities associated with the vesting of restricted shares (dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

For the Month Ended 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (a) 

Maximum Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under The Plans or Programs (b) 

October 31, 2022 

160,826 

38.17 

80,487 

8,941 

November 30, 2022 

78,123 

38.40 

78,123 

5,941 

December 31, 2022 

83,614 

35.88 

83,614 

2,941 

322,563 

37.63 

242,224 

a) In March 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a plan announced March 14, 2022 to repurchase up to 20,000 of the Company s common shares before commissions and fees during 2022 with this share repurchase plan expiring December 31, 2022. 

b) Represents the balances before commissions and fees at the end of each month. See Note 20 -- Equity to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

ITEM 6 Reserve d 
 Not applicable. 
 23 

ITEM 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. Such statements, including statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events, involve risks and uncertainties. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Typically, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions. The important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the effects of governmental regulation; changes in insurance regulations; the frequency and extent of claims; uncertainties inherent in reserve estimates; catastrophic events; changes in the demand for, pricing of, availability of or collectability of reinsurance; restrictions on our ability to change premium rates; increased rate pressure on premiums; the severity and impact of a pandemic; and other risks and uncertainties and other factors listed under Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 
 OVERVIEW 
 General 
 HCI Group, Inc. is a Florida-based InsurTech company which through its subsidiaries is engaged in a variety of business activities, including property and casualty insurance, information technology services, insurance management, real estate and reinsurance. Its principal business is property and casualty insurance. 
 We began insurance operations by participating in a take-out program which is a legislatively mandated program designed to encourage private companies to assume policies from Citizens, a Florida state-sponsored insurance carrier. Opportunities to acquire large numbers of policies from Citizens meeting our strict underwriting criteria have diminished in recent years. We may, however, selectively pursue additional assumption transactions with Citizens. 
 Our general operating and growth strategies are to continually optimize our existing book of insurance business, organically expand our insurance business, manage our costs and expenses, diversify our business operations, develop and deploy new technologies to streamline operational processes, and maintain a strong balance sheet so we can quickly pursue accretive opportunities when they arise. Our growth strategies also include assumption of policies from other insurance companies with the intention of renewing and/or replacing them with our policies. 
 Recent Events 
 Since January 1, 2023, our Tampa office building property that was previously leased to an unaffiliated company has been used in our operations. As a result, it is reclassified out of real estate investments to property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 On January 11, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.40 per common share. The dividends are payable on March 17, 2023 to stockholders of record on February 17, 2023. 
 On January 12, 2023, we received approval from the FLOIR to discontinue our flood insurance policies written in Florida with policy cancellation effective dates no later than May 31, 2023. The reason for discontinuation is primarily attributable to the increased costs and reduced availability of flood reinsurance. The discontinuation will not have a material impact to our results of operations. 
 On January 17, 2023, we received the final distribution of 18,000 from FMKT Mel JV, the unconsolidated joint venture that we had a 90 equity interest in which was liquidated on December 31, 2022. 
 On February 5, 2023, our Board of Directors extended the maturity date for the principal and unpaid accrued interest of the 40,000,000 demand promissory note with TTIG to June 30, 2025. 
 On February 14, 2023, we entered into a conditional agreement to sell our retail shopping center investment property in Sorrento, Florida to a non-affiliate for a price of 13,418,000. Subject to due diligence, the sale is expected to be completed within 45 
 24 

days after the contract date. 
 On February 16, 2023, we entered into a conditional agreement to sell our retail shopping center investment property in Melbourne, Florida to a non-affiliate for a price of 18,500,000. Subject to due diligence, the sale is expected to be completed within 45 days after the contract date. 
 On February 27, 2023, United s Florida-domiciled residential insurance subsidiary was placed into receivership by the State of Florida due to its financial insolvency. Under the existing contracts, United is responsible for payment of ceded premiums owed to us while we are responsible for adjudicating and paying claims. At December 31, 2022, we had a net amount due to United of 1,114,000 and funds withheld for assumed business in trust accounts totaling 48,772,000 for the benefit of policies assumed from, and third-party administrator TPA services provided to, United. We cannot predict the actions a receiver might take, which may include cancellation of policies subject to the quota share contracts, termination of the TPA service agreement and restrictions on, or use of, funds held in trust. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect net loss of approximately 54,603,000, or 6.24 loss per share, compared with net income of approximately 7,242,000, or 0.21 diluted earnings per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The year-over-year decrease was primarily attributable to a 143,938,000 increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses, an 11,245,000 increase in policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses, and an 11,083,000 increase in general and administrative personnel expenses, offset by an 86,269,000 increase in net premiums earned and a 3,937,000 net increase in income from our investment portfolio (consisting of net investment income and net realized and unrealized gains or losses). 
 Revenue 
 Gross Premiums Earned on a consolidated basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 724,716,000 and 577,044,000, respectively. The 147,672,000 increase in 2022 was primarily attributable to the increased policies in force from the growth in TypTap s business, offset by a normal decrease due to policy attrition. Gross premiums earned from the United policies assumed were 73,261,000 in 2022 compared with 98,498,000 in 2021. HCPCI s gross premiums earned were 426,501,000 in 2022 compared with 401,137,000 in 2021. TypTap s gross premiums earned were 298,215,000 in 2022 compared with 175,907,000 in 2021. 
 Premiums Ceded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 261,144,000 and 199,741,000, respectively, representing 36.0 and 34.6 , respectively, of gross premiums earned. Our premiums ceded represent costs of reinsurance to cover losses from catastrophes that exceed the retention levels defined by our catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contracts or to assume a proportional share of losses defined in a quota share agreement. The rates we pay for reinsurance are based primarily on policy exposures reflected in gross premiums earned. The 61,403,000 increase was primarily attributable to increased reinsurance costs effective June 1, 2022 and an increased overall reinsurance coverage amount as a result of premium growth and expansion, offset by a net reduction in premiums ceded attributable to retrospective provisions under multi-year reinsurance contracts. In addition, premiums ceded were increased by a reversal of 12,600,000 of previously accrued benefits attributable to retrospective provisions under multi-year reinsurance contracts due to the effects of Hurricane Ian. See Economic Impact of Reinsurance Contracts with Retrospective Provisions under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 Net Premiums Written for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 464,875,000 and 474,648,000, respectively. Net premiums written represent the premiums charged on policies issued during a fiscal period less any applicable reinsurance costs. The 9,773,000 decrease in 2022 resulted primarily from an increase in premiums ceded to reinsurers as described above, offset by an increase in gross premiums written from the growth of TypTap business of approximately 100,680,000. HCPCI s and TypTap s gross premiums written were approximately 377,860,000 and 348,159,000, respectively, for 2022 compared with approximately 426,910,000 and 247,479,000, respectively, for 2021. We had approximately 210,400 policies in force at December 31, 2022 (excluding policies assumed from United) as compared with approximately 180,700 policies in force at December 31, 2021. 
 Net Premiums Earned for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 463,572,000 and 377,303,000, respectively, and reflect the gross premiums earned less reinsurance costs as described above. 
 25 

The following is a reconciliation of our Net Premiums Written to Net Premiums Earned for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net Premiums Written 

464,875 

474,648 

Increase in Unearned Premiums 

(1,303) 

(97,345) 

Net Premiums Earned 

463,572 

377,303 

Net Investment Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 32,447,000 and 12,335,000, respectively. The year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to a 12,040,000 increase in income from real estate investments, a 4,992,000 increase in income from available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities and a 4,142,000 increase in interest income from cash and cash equivalents. See Net Investment Income under Note 4 -- Investments to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Net Realized Investment Losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 1,187,000 compared with approximately 6,472,000 of net realized investment gains for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to net realized losses of approximately 996,000 from sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with net realized gains of approximately 4,123,000 from sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net Unrealized Investment Losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 7,153,000 compared with approximately 1,363,000 of net unrealized investment gains for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net unrealized investment gains or losses represent the net change in the fair value of equity securities. The decrease in 2022 was primarily attributable to an overall deterioration in the equity market compared with 2021. 
 Gain from Remeasurement of Contingent Liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 3,117,000, resulting from the decrease in the balance of contingent liabilities in connection with the renewal rights agreements entered into with United. See Note 9 -- Intangible Assets, Net to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Expenses 
 Our consolidated Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses amounted to approximately 371,463,000 and 227,525,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The losses and loss adjustment expenses of HCPCI Insurance Operations were 204,549,000 and 147,198,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to approximately 42,100,000 of losses from Hurricane Ian and a 20,338,000 net increase in losses attributable to the United policies due to an increase in the number of policies assumed from United or any subsequent renewal or replacement of United policies. Losses and loss adjustment expenses for TypTap were 173,828,000 and 80,863,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to 45,365,000 of losses due to the greater number of TypTap policies in force, approximately 23,200,000 of losses from Hurricane Ian, a 14,389,000 net increase in losses attributable to the United policies due to an increase in the number of policies assumed from United or any subsequent renewal or replacement of United policies, and 13,544,000 of prior period loss development. See Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 Policy Acquisition and Other Underwriting Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 104,977,000 and 93,732,000, respectively, and primarily reflect the amortization of deferred acquisition costs such as commissions payable to agents for production and renewal of policies, catastrophe allowance payable to United, and premium taxes. Policy acquisition expenses for HCPCI were 59,398,000 and 59,321,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. TypTap policy acquisition expenses were 45,733,000 and 34,593,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to amortization of increased commission costs related to the growth of TypTap s policies in force during 2022 and the policies assumed from United or any subsequent renewal or replacement of United policies. 
 General and Administrative Personnel Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 56,511,000 and 45,428,000, respectively. Our general and administrative personnel expenses include salaries, wages, payroll taxes, stock-based compensation expense, and employee benefit costs. Factors such as merit increases, changes in headcount, and periodic restricted stock grants, among others, cause fluctuations in this expense. In addition, our personnel expenses are decreased by the capitalization of payroll costs related to projects to develop software for internal use and the payroll costs associated with the processing and settlement of certain catastrophe claims which are recoverable from reinsurers under reinsurance contracts. The year-over-year increase of 11,083,000 was primarily attributable to a 9,607,000 increase in salaries and wages expense due to an increase in the headcount of temporary and full-time employees and merit increases for non-executive employees and a 1,353,000 increase in stock-based compensation expense. 
 26 

Interest Expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 7,768,000 and 6,400,000, respectively. The increase primarily resulted from interest expense related to our 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes issued in May 2022, offset by conversions of our 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes during the second half of 2021. 
 Impairment Loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 2,284,000, resulting from the review of the Northeast and Southeast Regions policies in-force as well as the impairment assessment of the renewal rights intangible assets associated with the renewal rights agreements entered into with United. 
 Income Tax Benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 13,815,000 for federal, state, and foreign income taxes compared with income tax expense of approximately 3,991,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in an effective tax rate of 20.2 for 2022 and 35.5 for 2021. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to a valuation allowance established as of December 31, 2022 and the recognition of tax benefits attributable to restricted stock that vested during 2022. 
 Ratios: 
 The loss ratio applicable to the year ended December 31, 2022 (losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred related to net premiums earned) was 80.1 compared with 60.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses due to Hurricane Ian, offset in part by the increase in net premiums earned. 
 The expense ratio applicable to the year ended December 31, 2022 (defined as total expenses excluding losses and loss adjustment expenses related to net premiums earned) was 42.4 compared with 44.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in our expense ratio was primarily attributable to the increase in net premiums earned and the decrease in debt conversion expense, offset in part by the increase in policy acquisition, underwriting and personnel expenses. 
 The combined ratio is the measure of overall underwriting profitability before other income. Our combined ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 122.5 compared with 105.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses combined with the increases in reinsurance costs and policy acquisition, underwriting and personnel expenses. 
 Due to the impact our reinsurance costs have on net premiums earned from period to period, our management believes the combined ratio measured to gross premiums earned is more relevant in assessing overall performance. The combined ratio to gross premiums earned for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 78.4 compared with 68.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily attributable to the increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses due to Hurricane Ian, offset in part by the increase in gross premiums earned. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 with the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflect net income of approximately 7,242,000, or 0.21 diluted earnings per share, compared with a net income of approximately 27,580,000, or 3.49 diluted earnings per share, for the year ended December 31, 2020. The year-over-year decrease was primarily attributable to a one-time gain on involuntary conversion of approximately 36,969,000 included in our 2020 results, offset by a net increase in income from our investment portfolio (consisting of net investment income and net realized and unrealized gains or losses) of approximately 14,538,000. 
 Revenue 
 Gross Premiums Earned for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 577,044,000 and 415,918,000, respectively. The 161,126,000 increase in 2021 was primarily attributable to the policies assumed from United and increased policies in force from the growth in TypTap s business, offset by a normal decrease due to policy attrition. Gross premiums earned in 2021 related to the United policies assumed were 98,498,000. HCPCI s gross premiums earned in 2021 were 401,137,000 compared with 337,082,000 in 2020. TypTap s gross premiums earned in 2021 were 175,907,000 compared with 78,836,000 in 2020. 
 Premiums Ceded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 199,741,000 and 153,458,000, respectively, representing 34.6 and 36.9 , respectively, of gross premiums earned. The 46,283,000 increase was primarily attributable to increased reinsurance costs effective June 1, 2021 and a higher level of reinsurance coverage, offset by a reduction in premiums ceded attributable to retrospective provisions under multi-year reinsurance contracts. See Economic Impact of Reinsurance Contracts with Retrospective Provisions under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 Net Premiums Written for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 totaled approximately 474,648,000 and 350,696,000, respectively. The 123,952,000 increase in 2021 resulted primarily from an increase in gross premiums written from the growth of TypTap business of approximately 142,624,000 and the assumed business from United of approximately 128,948,000. HCPCI s and TypTap s gross premiums written were approximately 426,910,000 and 247,479,000, respectively, for 2021 compared with 
 27 

approximately 399,299,000 and 104,855,000, respectively, for 2020. We had approximately 180,700 policies in force at December 31, 2021 versus approximately 154,000 policies in force at December 31, 2020. 
 Net Premiums Earned for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 377,303,000 and 262,460,000, respectively, and reflect the gross premiums earned less reinsurance costs as described above. 
 The following is a reconciliation of our Net Premiums Written to Net Premiums Earned for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (amounts in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Net Premiums Written 

474,648 

350,696 

Increase in Unearned Premiums 

(97,345) 

(88,236) 

Net Premiums Earned 

377,303 

262,460 

Net Investment Income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was approximately 12,335,000 and 4,564,000, respectively. The year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to an increase in income from limited partnership investments of approximately 6,542,000 and a net gain of 2,790,000 recognized in 2021 for a legal settlement received from The Kroger Co. See Net Investment Income under Note 4 -- Investments to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Net Realized Investment Gains for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 6,472,000 and 1,000,000, respectively. The gains in 2021 resulted primarily from sales of equity securities. 
 Net Unrealized Investment Gains for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 1,363,000 and 679,000, respectively. The increase in 2021 reflected an overall improvement in the equity market compared with 2020. 
 Expenses 
 Our consolidated Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses amounted to approximately 227,525,000 and 160,036,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to losses associated with the assumption of policies from United, the organic growth in TypTap s homeowners business, and the unfavorable loss development for the 2020 loss year. See Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 Policy Acquisition and Other Underwriting Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 93,732,000 and 53,859,000, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to amortization of increased costs associated with the policies assumed from United and the amortization of increased commission costs related to the growth of TypTap s policies in force during 2021. 
 Debt Conversion Expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 1,754,000, representing costs associated with certain of the conversions of our 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes. 
 General and Administrative Personnel Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were approximately 45,428,000 and 33,829,000, respectively. The year-over-year increase of 11,599,000 was primarily attributable to an 8,042,000 increase in salaries and wages expense due to an increase in the headcount of temporary and full-time employees and merit increases for non-executive employees, and a 5,621,000 increase in stock-based compensation expense, offset by a decrease in employee incentive bonus and higher capitalized and recoverable payroll costs. 
 Interest Expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was approximately 6,400,000 and 11,734,000, respectively. The decrease primarily resulted from conversions of our 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes during the second half of 2021 and the early adoption of ASU 2020-06 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. ASU 2020-06 allows the reversal of discounts previously recorded to account for the cash conversion feature of convertible debt instruments. Our 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes contain such a cash conversion feature and accordingly the discount was reversed on January 1, 2021. As a result, interest expense no longer includes amounts representing the amortization of the discount. 
 Income Tax Expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 3,991,000 for federal, state, and foreign income taxes compared with income tax expense of approximately 9,348,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, resulting in an effective tax rate of 35.5 for 2021 and 25.3 for 2020. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the non-deductibility of certain executive compensation and the increase in deferred tax expense due to the increased Florida corporate tax rate effective January 1, 2022. 
 28 

Ratios: 
 The loss ratio applicable to the year ended December 31, 2021 was 60.3 compared with 61.0 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to an increase in net premiums earned. 
 The expense ratio applicable to the year ended December 31, 2021 was 44.8 compared with 43.2 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in our expense ratio was primarily attributable to the increase in policy acquisition, underwriting and personnel expenses, offset by the increase in net premiums earned and the decrease in interest expense. 
 The combined ratio to net premiums earned for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 105.1 compared with 104.2 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses combined with the increases in reinsurance costs and policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses. 
 The combined ratio to gross premiums earned for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 68.7 compared with 65.8 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in 2021 was primarily attributable to the increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses, offset by the increase in gross premiums earned. 
 Seasonality of Our Business 
 Our insurance business is seasonal. Hurricanes and tropical storms affecting Florida, our primary market, and other southeastern states typically occur during the period from June 1 st through November 30 th of each year. Winter storms in the northeast usually occur during the period between December 1 st and March 31 st of each year. Also, with our reinsurance treaty year typically effective on June 1 st of each year, any variation in the cost of our reinsurance, whether due to changes in reinsurance rates, coverage levels or changes in the total insured value of our policy base, will occur and be reflected in our financial results beginning on June 1 st of each year. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Throughout our history, our liquidity requirements have been met through issuances of our common and preferred stock, debt offerings and funds from operations. We expect our future liquidity requirements will be met by funds from operations, primarily the cash received by our insurance subsidiaries from premiums written and investment income. We may consider raising additional capital through debt and/or equity offerings to support our growth and future investment opportunities. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries require liquidity and adequate capital to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders and claimants and to fund operating expenses. In addition, we attempt to maintain adequate levels of liquidity and surplus to manage any differences between the duration of our liabilities and invested assets. In the insurance industry, cash collected for premiums from policies written is invested, interest and dividends are earned thereon, and losses and loss adjustment expenses are paid out over a period of years. This period of time varies by the circumstances surrounding each claim. Substantially all of our losses and loss adjustment expenses, excluding litigated claims, are fully settled and paid within approximately 100 days of the claim receipt date. Additional cash outflow occurs through payments of underwriting costs such as commissions, taxes, payroll, and general overhead expenses. 
 We believe that we maintain sufficient liquidity to pay claims and expenses, as well as to satisfy commitments in the event of unforeseen events such as reinsurer insolvencies, inadequate premium rates, or reserve deficiencies. We maintain a comprehensive reinsurance program at levels management considers adequate to diversify risk and safeguard our financial position. 
 In the future, we anticipate our primary use of funds will be to pay claims, reinsurance premiums, interest, and dividends and to fund operating expenses and real estate acquisitions. 
 Revolving Credit Facility, Convertible Senior Notes, Promissory Notes, and Finance Leases 
 The following table summarizes the principal and interest payment obligations for our indebtedness at December 31, 2022: 

Maturity Date 
 
 Payment Due Date 

4.75 Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 June 2042 
 
 June 1 and December 1 

4.25 Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 March 2037 
 
 March 1 and September 1 

3.75 Callable Promissory Note 
 
 Through September 2036 
 
 1st day of each month 

3.90 Promissory Note 
 
 Through April 2032 
 
 1st day of each month 

4.55 Promissory Note 
 
 Through August 2036 
 
 1st day of each month 

Finance leases 
 
 Through October 2024 
 
 Various 

Revolving credit facility 
 
 Through December 2023 
 
 January 1, April 1, July 1, October 1 

29 

At the option of the noteholders, we may be required to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the notes on June 1, 2027, June 1, 2032 or June 1, 2037. 

The cash interest is payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2022. 

At the option of the noteholders, we may be required to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the notes on March 1, 2027 or March 1, 2032. 

See Note 12 -- Long-Term Debt to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Limited Partnership Investments 
 Our limited partnership investments consist of six private equity funds managed by their general partners. Two of these funds have unexpired capital commitments which are callable at the discretion of the fund s general partner for funding new investments or expenses of the fund. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to provide additional capital for the four remaining funds with expired capital commitments. At December 31, 2022, there was an aggregate unfunded capital balance of 5,661,000. See Limited Partnership Investments under Note 4 -- Investments to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Real Estate Investment 
 Real estate has long been a significant component of our overall investment portfolio. It diversifies our portfolio and helps offset the volatility of other higher-risk assets. Thus, we may consider expanding our real estate investment portfolio should an opportunity arise. 
 We had a 90 equity interest in FMKT Mel JV, LLC, a Florida limited liability company for which we were not the primary beneficiary. In June 2022, FMKT Mel JV sold its last outparcel and recognized a net gain of 572,000. FMKT Mel JV distributed its earnings in July 2022 and the subsidiary was liquidated in December 2022. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are summarized below. 
 Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 12,000, which consisted primarily of cash disbursed for operating expenses, losses and loss adjustment expenses and interest payments less cash received from net premiums written and reinsurance recoveries of approximately 200,551,000. Net cash used in investing activities of 434,537,000 was primarily due to the purchases of fixed-maturity and equity securities of 637,730,000, the purchases of property and equipment of 6,341,000, and the purchase of intangible assets from United of 3,800,000, offset by the proceeds from calls, repayments and maturities of fixed-maturity securities of 151,415,000, the proceeds from sales of fixed-maturity and equity securities of 43,321,000, 14,500,000 of compensation received for the property relinquished through eminent domain, and distributions received from limited partnership investments of 5,360,000. Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 41,067,000, which was primarily due to the proceeds from issuance of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes of 172,500,000, offset by 88,312,000 of share repurchases, 15,157,000 of net cash dividend payments, net repayment of our revolving credit facility of 15,000,000, debt issuance costs paid of 6,041,000, cash dividends paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest of 5,508,000, and repayments of long-term debt of 1,009,000. 
 Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 96,503,000, which consisted primarily of cash received from net premiums written and reinsurance recoveries of approximately 48,921,000 less cash disbursed for operating expenses, losses and loss adjustment expenses and interest payments. Net cash provided by investing activities of 36,852,000 was primarily due to the proceeds from sales of fixed-maturity and equity securities of 135,365,000, the proceeds from calls, repayments and maturities of fixed-maturity securities of 23,430,000, and the distributions of 4,657,000 received from limited partnership investments, offset by the purchases of fixed-maturity and equity securities of 121,104,000, additional investments in limited partnership interests of 3,756,000, and the purchases of property and equipment of 3,318,000. Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 64,301,000, which was primarily due to net proceeds of 93,738,000 from Centerbridge for investment in TTIG, offset by 13,759,000 of net cash dividend payments, net repayment of our revolving credit facility of 8,750,000, cash dividends paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest of 2,542,000, 1,895,000 of debt conversion expense paid and 1,314,000 used in share repurchases. 
 30 

Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately 77,311,000, which consisted primarily of cash received from net premiums written and reinsurance recoveries of approximately 56,860,000 less cash disbursed for operating expenses, losses and loss adjustment expenses and interest payments. Net cash provided by investing activities of 143,215,000 was primarily due to the proceeds from sales of fixed-maturity and equity securities of 128,745,000, the proceeds from calls, repayments and maturities of fixed-maturity securities of 84,459,000, 44,000,000 of compensation received for the property relinquished through eminent domain, and the distributions of 2,086,000 received from limited partnership investments, offset by the purchases of fixed-maturity and equity securities of 103,174,000, the purchases of property and equipment of 6,437,000, additional investments in limited partnership interests of 4,241,000, and the purchases of real estate investments of 3,020,000. Net cash used in financing activities totaled 16,705,000, which was primarily due to the repayment of long-term debt of 17,048,000, 6,708,000 used in our share repurchases, 4,459,000 used to repurchase a portion of our 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes, and 12,388,000 of net cash dividend payments, offset by 14,000,000 of net borrowings from our revolving credit facility and the proceeds from issuance of a 3.90 promissory note of 10,000,000. 
 Investments 
 The main objective of our investment policy is to maximize our after-tax investment income with a reasonable level of risk given the current financial market. Our excess cash is invested primarily in money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and fixed-maturity and equity securities. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 518,484,000 of fixed-maturity and equity investments, which are carried at fair value. Changes in the general interest rate environment affect the returns available on new fixed-maturity investments. While a rising interest rate environment enhances the returns available on new investments, it reduces the market value of existing fixed-maturity investments and thus the availability of gains on disposition. A decline in interest rates reduces the returns available on new fixed-maturity investments but increases the market value of existing fixed-maturity investments, creating the opportunity for realized investment gains on disposition. 
 In the future, we may alter our investment policy with regard to investments in federal, state and municipal obligations, preferred and common equity securities and real estate mortgages, as permitted by applicable law, including insurance regulations. 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had unexpired capital commitments for limited partnerships in which we hold interests. Such commitments are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements but are required to be disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. See Note 23 -- Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 We have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments to develop amounts reflected and disclosed in our consolidated financial statements. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term are related to our losses and loss adjustment expenses, which include amounts estimated for claims incurred but not yet reported. We base our estimates on various assumptions and actuarial data we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. 
 We believe our accounting policies specific to losses and loss adjustment expenses, reinsurance recoverable, reinsurance with retrospective provisions, deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation expense, limited partnership investments, acquired intangible assets, warrants, and redeemable noncontrolling interest involve our most significant judgments and estimates material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses. We establish reserves for the estimated total unpaid costs of losses including loss adjustment expenses (LAE). Loss and LAE reserves reflect management s best estimate of the total cost of (i) claims that have been incurred, but not yet paid in full, and (ii) claims that have been incurred but not yet reported to us IBNR ). Reserves established by us represent an estimate of the outcome of future events and, as such, cannot be considered an exact calculation of our liability. Rather, loss and LAE reserves represent management s best estimate of our company s liability based on the application of actuarial techniques and other projection methodologies and taking into consideration other facts and circumstances known at the balance sheet date. The process of establishing loss and LAE reserves is complex and inherently imprecise, as it involves the estimation of the outcome of future uncertain events. The impact of both internal and external variables on ultimate losses and LAE costs is difficult to estimate. In determining loss and LAE reserves, we give careful consideration to all available data and actuarial analyses. 
 31 

Currently, our estimated ultimate liability is calculated using the principles and procedures described in Note 14 -- Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are applied to the lines of business written. However, because the establishment of loss and LAE reserves is an inherently uncertain process, we cannot be certain that ultimate losses will not exceed the established loss and LAE reserves and have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in estimates, or differences between estimates and amounts ultimately paid, are reflected in the operating results of the period during which such adjustments are made. 
 Our reported results, financial position and liquidity would be affected by likely changes in key assumptions that determine our net loss reserves. Management does not believe that any reasonably likely changes in the frequency of claims would affect our loss and LAE reserves. However, management believes that a reasonably likely increase or decrease in the severity of claims could impact our net loss and LAE reserves. The table below summarizes the effect on net loss and LAE reserves and equity in the event of reasonably likely changes in the severity of claims considered in establishing loss and LAE reserves. The range of reasonably likely changes in the severity of our claims was established based on a review of changes in loss year development and applied to loss and LAE reserves as a whole. The selected range of changes does not indicate what could be the potential best or worst case or likely scenarios: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Change in Reserves 
 
 Reserves 

Percentage Change in Equity, Net of Tax 

-20.0 

691,012 

107.13 

-15.0 

734,200 

80.35 

-10.0 

777,389 

53.57 

-5.0 

820,577 

26.78 

Base 

863,765 

5.0 

906,953 

(26.78) 

10.0 

950,142 

(53.57) 

15.0 

993,330 

(80.35) 

20.0 

1,036,518 

(107.13) 

Reinsurance Recoverable. Our reinsurance recoverable balance represents an estimate of the amount of paid and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses that is recoverable from reinsurers. This estimate is determined in a manner consistent with the terms of the applicable reinsurance contracts and based on the ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses we expect to incur. Given the uncertainty of the ultimate amounts of losses and loss adjustment expenses, the estimate may vary significantly from the eventual outcome. 
 Economic Impact of Reinsurance Contracts with Retrospective Provisions. From time to time, our reinsurance contracts may include retrospective provisions that adjust premiums in the event losses are minimal or zero. As described earlier, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the estimation of future losses. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we will recognize an asset in the period in which the absence of loss experience obligates the reinsurer to pay cash or other consideration under the contract. In the event that a loss arises, we will derecognize such asset in the period in which a loss arises. Such adjustments to the asset, which accrue throughout the contract term, will negatively impact our operating results when a catastrophic loss event occurs during the contract term. 
 Due to Hurricane Ian, the balance of previously accrued benefits under one multi-year reinsurance contract with retrospective provisions was decreased by 12,600,000 in September 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we accrued benefits of 18,710,000. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we accrued benefits of 10,864,000. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we accrued benefits of 15,120,000. In combination, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized decreases in premiums ceded of 18,710,000 and 10,864,000, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 16,317,000 of accrued benefits, the amount that would be charged to earnings in the event we experience a catastrophic loss that exceeds the coverage limit provided under such agreement. In October 2022, we received a 5,457,000 premium refund in connection with the previous two multi-year reinsurance contracts which were commuted in May 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we had 3,064,000 of accrued benefits, the amount that would be charged to earnings in the event we experience a catastrophic loss that exceeds the coverage limit provided under such agreements. In June 2021, we received an 18,720,000 premium refund under the retrospective reinsurance contract that ended May 31, 2021. We believe the credit risk associated with the collectability of these accrued benefits is minimal based on available information about the reinsurer s financial position and the reinsurer s demonstrated ability to comply with contract terms. 
 Income Taxes. We account for income taxes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, resulting in two components of income tax expense (benefit): current and deferred. Current income tax expense (benefit) reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period 
 32 

by applying the provisions of the enacted tax law to the taxable income or excess of deductions over revenues. We determine deferred income taxes using the liability (or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and enacted changes in tax rates and laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. Deferred tax assets, representing future reductions in taxable income, are recorded with the assumption that taxable income will be present in the future. Given the uncertainty regarding future taxable income, valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets that are not likely to be realized, if any. We concluded that the negative evidence outweighed the positive evidence and therefore a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets is established as of December 31, 2022. We have elected to classify the related interest and penalties, if any, as income tax expense as permitted by current accounting standards. 
 Stock-Based Compensation. We account for stock-based compensation awards under our stockholder-approved incentive plans in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of U.S. GAAP, which require the measurement, and recognition of compensation for all stock-based awards made to employees, non-employee directors, and third-party award recipients including stock options, restricted stock and warrant issuances based on estimated fair values. For restricted stock with service-based vesting conditions, fair value is determined by the market price of the stock on the grant date. Compensation expense is then recognized ratably over the requisite or derived service period of the award. Restricted stock awards with market-based vesting conditions require the use of a Monte Carlo simulation model with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist to estimate the fair value and derived service period of the award. We then recognize the compensation expense ratably over this derived service period. Determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires considerable judgment, including estimating stock price volatility and derived service periods. We develop our estimates based on historical data and market information. We primarily use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the following variables for input to calculate the fair value of each stock award on the option grant date: 1) expected volatility of our stock price, 2) the risk-free interest rate, 3) expected term of each award, 4) expected dividends, and 5) an expected forfeiture rate. For stock-based awards granted by non-public subsidiaries, we determine the fair value with the assistance of an independent valuation specialist who may use different valuation methods such as a Monte Carlo simulation model and a binomial distribution model. Inputs such as an estimated stock price of our private subsidiary and expected price volatility used in these valuation methods are derived mathematically from a data analysis of many public peer companies with similar characteristics. 
 Limited Partnership Investments. The valuation of our limited partnership investments is prepared by the general partner of each fund. We use net asset value NAV provided by the general partner to estimate our share of the fair value of these investments. However, the timing of the delivery of the fund s financial statements and NAV information is on a three-month lag which results in a three-month delay in the recognition of our share of the limited partnership s earnings or losses. But because this is the best information available, we use it as an estimate for the fair value at our reporting dates, unless conditions have changed significantly in the economy or securities markets since the previous quarter due to an event such as the onset of COVID-19 or changes in the government s fiscal or monetary policies. In such a case, we will adjust our estimate with the assistance from the general partner. 
 Acquired Intangible Assets. Acquired intangible assets represent the fair value of consideration we paid and are estimated to pay in exchange for the renewal rights and non-compete intangible assets acquired from the seller. In the renewal rights transactions, we purchased the right, but not the obligation, to offer homeowners insurance coverage to all policyholders of the seller in certain states on the agreed-upon policy replacement date. The renewal rights agreements also contain a non-compete clause whereby the seller agrees not to offer homeowners insurance policies in these states through a specified date. We record intangible assets based on the fair value of the consideration we paid and are estimated to pay to the seller as provided in the renewal rights agreements with the seller. We engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist with the allocation of the renewal rights and non-compete intangible assets acquired. Uncertainty is inherent in the estimates of future payments and in the assumptions made in allocating value to separate intangible assets. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets are evaluated to ensure that there is no impairment to carrying value and no change required in the amortization period. During the fourth quarter of 2022, all available information pertaining to the policies in-force associated with the renewal rights intangible assets was reviewed, and additionally, we engaged an independent valuation specialist to assess for possible impairment of the renewal rights intangible assets. Based on the review and the assessment, we recognized an impairment loss of 2,284,000 related to the renewal right intangible assets and, simultaneously, recorded a decrease in the contingent liabilities associated with the renewal rights resulting in a remeasurement gain of 3,117,000. 
 33 

Warrants and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest. In the capital investment transaction completed by TTIG in 2021 with a fund associated with Centerbridge Partners, L.P., TTIG issued 10,000,000 total shares of Series A Preferred Stock and HCI issued warrants to purchase 750,000 shares of HCI common stock, in exchange for proceeds of 100,000,000. Both the fair value and expected term of the warrants were estimated with assistance from a third-party valuation specialist using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Total proceeds from the capital investment transaction were allocated using the residual fair value method, first to the warrants issued based on their estimated fair value, with the residual proceeds being allocated to the fair value of Series A Preferred Stock. See Note 19 -- Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest to our consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 ITEM 7A Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 included fixed-maturity and equity securities, the purposes of which are not for speculation. Our main objective is to maximize after-tax investment income and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations while minimizing market risk, which is the potential economic loss from adverse fluctuations in securities prices. We consider many factors including credit ratings, investment concentrations, regulatory requirements, anticipated fluctuation of interest rates, durations and market conditions in developing investment strategies. Our investment securities are managed primarily by outside investment advisors and are overseen by the investment committee appointed by our Board of Directors. From time to time, our investment committee may decide to invest in low risk assets such as U.S. government bonds. 
 Our investment portfolio is exposed to interest rate risk, credit risk and equity price risk. Fiscal and economic uncertainties caused by any government action or inaction may exacerbate these risks and potentially have adverse impacts on the value of our investment portfolio. 
 We classify our fixed-maturity securities as available-for-sale and report any unrealized gains or losses, net of deferred income taxes, as a component of other comprehensive income within our stockholders equity. As such, any material temporary changes in their fair value can adversely impact the carrying value of our stockholders equity. In addition, we recognize any unrealized gains and losses related to our equity securities in our statement of income. As a result, our results of operations can be materially affected by the volatility in the equity market. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our fixed-maturity securities are sensitive to potential losses resulting from unfavorable changes in interest rates. We manage the risk by analyzing anticipated movement in interest rates and considering our future capital needs. 
 The following table illustrates the impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates to the fair value of our fixed-maturity securities at December 31, 2022 (amounts in thousands): 

Hypothetical Change in Interest Rates 
 
 Estimated Fair Value 

Change in Estimated Fair Value 

Percentage Increase (Decrease) in Estimated Fair Value 

300 basis point increase 

467,711 

(16,190) 

-3.35 

200 basis point increase 

473,107 

(10,794) 

-2.23 

100 basis point increase 

478,504 

(5,397) 

-1.12 

100 basis point decrease 

489,298 

5,397 

1.12 

200 basis point decrease 

494,694 

10,793 

2.23 

300 basis point decrease 

500,091 

16,190 

3.35 

Credit Risk 
 Credit risk can expose us to potential losses arising principally from adverse changes in the financial condition of the issuers of our fixed-maturity securities. We mitigate the risk by investing in fixed-maturity securities that are generally investment grade, by diversifying our investment portfolio to avoid concentrations in any single issuer or business sector, and by continually monitoring each individual security for declines in credit quality. While we emphasize credit quality in our investment selection process, significant downturns in the markets or general economy may impact the credit quality of our portfolio. 
 34 

The following table presents the composition of our fixed-maturity securities, by rating, at December 31, 2022 (amounts in thousands): 

Comparable Rating 
 
 Cost or Amortized Cost 

of Total Amortized Cost 

Estimated Fair Value 

of Total Estimated Fair Value 

AAA 

220,544 

45 

220,574 

46 

AA+, AA, AA- 

246,156 

50 

236,970 

49 

A+, A, A- 

13,931 

3 

13,376 

3 

BBB+, BBB, BBB- 

11,285 

2 

10,888 

2 

BB+, BB, BB- 

1,993 

1,814 

CCC+, CC and Not rated 

288 

279 

Total 

494,197 

100 

483,901 

100 

Equity Price Risk 
 Our equity investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 included common stocks, perpetual preferred stocks, mutual funds and exchange-traded funds. We may incur potential losses due to adverse changes in equity security prices. We manage the risk primarily through industry and issuer diversification and asset mix. 
 The following table illustrates the composition of our equity securities at December 31, 2022 (amounts in thousands): 

Estimated Fair Value 

of Total Estimated Fair Value 

Stocks by sector: 

Consumer 

6,655 

19 

Financial 

4,795 

14 

Technology 

1,766 

5 

Other (1) 

2,397 

7 

15,613 

45 

Mutual funds and exchange-traded funds by type: 

Debt 

16,089 

47 

Equity 

2,557 

7 

Alternative 

324 

1 

18,970 

55 

Total 

34,583 

100 

(1) Represents an aggregate of less than 5 sectors. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not have any material exposure to foreign currency related risk . 
 
 35 

ITEM 8 Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 37 - 39 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 40 - 41 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 43 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 44 - 46 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 48 - 50 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 51 - 112 

36 

Report of Independent Regis tered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
 HCI Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Tampa, Florida 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HCI Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 As described in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses (LAE) reported in the consolidated balance sheet were 863.8 million at December 31, 2022. Reserves for losses and LAE reflect management s best estimate regarding the Company s ultimate losses, resulting in a liability for claims that have been incurred, but not yet paid, and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. The reserves are based on the application of actuarial techniques and other projection methodologies, taking into consideration other facts and circumstances known at the balance sheet date. The methods used by management in determining the reserves for losses and LAE are complex and subjective with various key inputs and assumptions. Judgement is required to determine the inputs and assumptions used and these can significantly impact the reserves recognized. The most significant judgments include the choice of the appropriate standard actuarial reserving methods, the selection of loss development factors that place reliance on actual historical loss experience, current claim trends, and the prevailing social, economic and legal environments, and reserves derived specific to catastrophe events. 
 37 

The principal considerations for our determination of the reserves for losses and LAE as a critical audit matter are the complexity and subjectivity of the judgments, estimates and assumptions that management utilized in determining their ultimate loss estimates. This required a high degree of effort and judgment in selecting the auditor procedures to evaluate management s estimates and assumptions as it relates to the reserves for losses and LAE, including the use of an auditor s specialist. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls related to management s determination of the reserves for losses and LAE, including controls over the actuarial methods and assumptions utilized to support the reserve calculations, and controls over the completeness and accuracy of historical loss data utilized in the reserves calculations. 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of the historical loss data used in the development of the reserves. 

We performed analytical procedures over the Company s recorded reserves in relation to the Company s consulting actuary s range of reserve estimates. 

We engaged an actuary as an auditor s specialist to independently assess the Company s consulting actuary s selection of actuarial methods and assumptions and the resulting reserve ranges and point estimates. 

Valuation of Limited Partnership Investments 
 As described in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 Investments to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s limited partnership investments reported in the consolidated balance sheet were 25.7 million at December 31, 2022. For the investments with ownership interest at five percent or less, the Company uses the net asset value method to estimate the fair value of these investments. Due to a reporting lag, the Company may record an adjustment to the Company s most recent share of net asset value when the amount can be reasonably estimated and a significant adverse impact on the net asset value is expected as a result of a major economic event. The methods used by management in determining if an adjustment to the Company s most recent share of net asset value is necessary are complex and subjective based on the judgement that is required to determine the key inputs and assumptions which can significantly impact the adjustments recognized. 
 The principal considerations for our determination of the valuation of limited partnership investments as a critical audit matter are the subjectivity of the inputs and assumptions that management utilized in determining the adjustment to the Company s most recent share of net asset value. This required a high degree of effort and judgment in selecting the auditor procedures to evaluate management s estimates and assumptions as it relates to the valuation of limited partnership investments, including the use of an auditor s specialist. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls related to the valuation of limited partnership investments, including controls over management s estimate of the adjustment to the Company s most recent share of net asset value of the limited partnership investments. 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized by management and evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions used to develop an estimate of fair value. 

We engaged a specialist to develop an independent estimate of fair value of the limited partnership investments and comparison of management s estimate to the independently developed estimate of fair value. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 Tampa, Florida 
 March 10, 2023 
 38 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control 
 To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
 HCI Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Tampa, Florida 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited HCI Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 10, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 Tampa, Florida 
 March 10, 2023 
 39 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Fixed-maturity securities, available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: and , respectively and allowance for credit losses: and , respectively) 

Equity securities, at fair value (cost: and , respectively) 

Limited partnership investments 

Investment in unconsolidated joint venture, at equity 

Real estate investments 

Total investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accrued interest and dividends receivable 

Income taxes receivable 

Premiums receivable, net (allowance: and , respectively) 

Prepaid reinsurance premiums 

Reinsurance recoverable, net of allowance for credit losses: 

Paid losses and loss adjustment expenses (allowance: and , respectively) 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (allowance: and , respectively) 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets - operating leases 

Intangible assets, net 

Funds withheld for assumed business 

Other assets 

Total assets 

(continued) 
 40 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Liabilities and Equity 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Advance premiums 

Reinsurance payable on paid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Ceded reinsurance premiums payable 

Accrued expenses 

Reinsurance recovered in advance on unpaid losses 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Revolving credit facility 

Long-term debt 

Lease liabilities - operating leases 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 23) 

Redeemable noncontrolling interest (Note 19) 

Equity: 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained income 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

() 

Total equity 

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity 

See accompanying Notes to Cons olidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Stat ements of Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Gross premiums earned 

Premiums ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums earned 

Net investment income 

Net realized investment (losses) gains 

() 

Net unrealized investment (losses) gains 

() 

Credit losses on investments 

() 

Policy fee income 

Gain on involuntary conversion 

Gain from remeasurement of contingent liabilities 

Other 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses 

General and administrative personnel expenses 

Interest expense 

Impairment loss 

Loss on repurchases of convertible senior notes 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Debt conversion expense 

Other operating expenses 

Total expenses 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (Note 19) 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net (loss) income after noncontrolling interests 

() 

Basic (loss) earnings per share 

() 

Diluted (loss) earnings per share 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 42 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Change in unrealized loss on investments: 

Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period 

() 

() 

Credit losses charged to income 

Call and repayment gains charged to investment income 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (gains) 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized losses 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes on above change 

Total other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive (loss) income after noncontrolling interests 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 43 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements o f Equity 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amount) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Retained 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), 

Total Stockholders 

Noncontrolling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income 

Net of Tax 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

() 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock under share repurchase plan 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Dilution from subsidiary stock-based compensation 

Common stock dividends per share) 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Additional paid-in capital shortfall allocated to retained income 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 44 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Continued) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amount) 
 
 45 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Retained 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, 

Total Stockholders 

Noncontrolling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income 

Net of Tax 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 

() 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

() 

Cancellation of restricted stock 

() 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Common stock issued on conversions of senior notes 

Dilution from subsidiary stock-based compensation 

Issuance of warrants, net of issuance costs (Note 19) 

Common stock dividends per share) 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Additional paid-in capital shortfall adjustment allocated to retained income 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amount) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Retained 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income 

Net of Tax 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Net income 

Total other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes 

() 

() 

Cumulative effect on adoption of credit loss standard 

() 

() 

Exercise of common stock options 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

() 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock under share repurchase plan 

() 

() 

() 

Common stock dividends per share) 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Additional paid-in capital shortfall allocated to retained income 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income after noncontrolling interests 

() 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net (accretion of discount) amortization of premiums on investments in fixed-maturity securities 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

Net realized investment losses (gains) 

() 

() 

Net unrealized investment losses (gains) 

() 

() 

Credit loss expense - investments 

Credit loss expense - reinsurance recoverable 

() 

Net (income) loss from unconsolidated joint venture 

() 

() 

Distributions received from unconsolidated joint venture 

Net (income) loss from limited partnership interests 

() 

() 

Distributions received from limited partnership interests 

Impairment loss 

Loss on repurchases of convertible senior notes 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Debt conversion expense 

Gain on involuntary conversion 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of real estate investments 

() 

Gain from remeasurement of contingent liabilities 

() 

Foreign currency remeasurement loss 

Other non-cash items 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued interest and dividends receivable 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

Premiums receivable, net 

() 

Prepaid reinsurance premiums 

() 

() 

Reinsurance recoverable 

() 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

() 

() 

Funds withheld for assumed business 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

() 

Unearned premiums 

Advance premiums 

Assumed reinsurance balances payable 

() 

Reinsurance payable on paid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Reinsurance recovered in advance on unpaid losses 

Ceded reinsurance premiums payable 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

(continued) 
 48 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investments in limited partnership interests 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions received from limited partnership interests 

Distributions received from unconsolidated joint venture 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of real estate investments 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of intangible assets 

() 

Purchase of fixed-maturity securities 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of equity securities 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of short-term and other investments 

() 

() 

() 

Compensation received for property relinquished through eminent domain 

Proceeds from sales of real estate investments 

Proceeds from sales of fixed-maturity securities 

Proceeds from calls, repayments and maturities of fixed-maturity securities 

Proceeds from sales of equity securities 

Proceeds from sales, redemptions and maturities of short-term and other investments 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends received under share repurchase forward contract 

Net (repayment) borrowing under revolving credit facility 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 

Proceeds from issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interest and warrants 

Issuance costs - redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

Cash dividends paid to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of convertible senior notes 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock under share repurchase plan 

() 

() 

Purchase of noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Debt conversion expense paid 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 

(continued) 
 49 

HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Unrealized loss on investments in available-for-sale securities, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Receivable from sales of equity securities 

Payable on purchases of equity securities 

Common stock issued on conversions of senior notes 

Warrants issued in Centerbridge transaction 

Asset acquired under finance lease 

Acquisition of intangibles: 

Common stock issued 

Contingent consideration payable 

See accom panying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 
 
 quota share reinsurance on all in-force, new and renewal policies issued by United Property Casualty Insurance Company, an insurance subsidiary of United Insurance Holdings Corporation United ), in the states of Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island (collectively Northeast Region through May 31, 2021. The Company also entered into a renewal rights agreement with United in connection with the Northeast Region assumed business, under which, the Company has the right to renew and/or replace United s insurance policies at the end of their respective policy periods. The policy replacement date was set for June 1, 2021 or such other date as mutually agreed by both parties. In return, United received shares of HCI s common stock and will receive a renewal rights ceding commission of on any replacement premium in excess of . The aggregate ceding commission amount will not exceed . Effective June 1, 2021, the Company, through HCPCI and TypTap, began providing quota share reinsurance on all of United s in-force, new and renewal policies in the Northeast Region through May 31, 2022. Under this agreement, each insurance subsidiary assumed of the business and paid United a ceding commission of of premium. Through its insurance subsidiaries, the Company began renewing and/or replacing United policies in two states in December 2021, a third state in January 2022, and the fourth state in April 2022. See Note 9 -- Intangible Assets, Net for additional information. Southeast Region In February 202 2, HCPCI entered into another reinsurance agreement with United where HCPCI provides quota share reinsurance on all of United s personal lines insurance business in the states of Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina (collectively Southeast Region from December 31, 2021 through May 31, 2022. Under this agreement, HCPCI paid United a catastrophe allowance of of premium and a provisional ceding commission of of premium. The Company also entered into a renewal rights agreement with United in connection with the Southeast Region assumed business. Under the renewal rights agreement, the Company has the right to renew and/or replace United s insurance policies at the end of their respective policy periods. The policy replacement date was set for June 1, 2022 or such other date as mutually agreed by both parties. As part of the transaction, United will receive a renewal rights ceding commission of , with a portion of the ceding commission paid up-front, and the aggregate ceding commission amount will not exceed . See Note 9 -- Intangible Assets, Net for additional information. The Company, through TypTap, entered into a new quota share reinsurance agreement in June 2022 to provide reinsurance on all of United s in-force, new and renewal policies in the Southeast Region from June 1, 2022 through May 31, 2023. In exchange, TypTap pays United a ceding commission of of premium. The Company began renewing United s policies in South Carolina on June 1, 2022. On October 1, 2022, the Company began renewing and/or replacing United s policies in Georgia. On December 1, 2022, the Company began renewing United s policies in North Carolina. Implications of Florida Senate Bill 2-A In December 2022, the Florida legislature passed Senate Bill 2-A SB 2-A ). The primary purpose of SB 2-A is to address the affordability and availability of residential property insurance in Florida. The bill also requires insurers to communicate, investigate, and pay valid claims more promptly. Key provisions in SB 2-A are- The establishment of a new program called the Florida Optional Reinsurance Assistance Program. The program is intended to make available additional reinsurance coverage to residential property insurers against catastrophic losses at reasonable rates. 

 The repeal of Florida s one-way attorney s fee provision, which entitled an insured to reasonable attorney s fees in any lawsuit in which any amount of recovery was awarded. 

 The requirement of an expedited claims process. Reduced time limits for insurers to respond to policyholders throughout the claims resolution process will be mandated. 

 The prohibition of an Assignment of Benefits AOB contract from being applied to residential property insurance policies. This provision is intended to prevent AOBs from being used as a tool for fraud and abuse and will help enforce the law passed in May 2022 prohibiting contractor solicitation of roof claims without proper disclosure to a consumer. 

 The reduction in the required time limit for filing a claim. The time limit for providing a notice of loss to an insurer is reduced from to for initial or reopened claims and from to months for supplemental claims. 

percent. For the investments with ownership interest at percent or less, the Company uses the net asset value method to estimate the fair value of these investments. The Company generally recognizes its share of the limited partnerships earnings or losses on a three-month lag. Due to the lag, the Company may record an adjustment to the Company s most recent share of net asset value when the amount can be reasonably estimated and a significant adverse impact on the net asset value is expected as a result of a major economic event. Net investment income or loss from limited partnerships represents a net aggregate amount of operating results allocated to the Company based on the percentage of ownership interest in each limited partnership. Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, these limited partnerships which are private equity funds must measure their investments at fair value and reflect the unrealized gains and losses in the fair value of their investments on their statements of income. As a result, the carrying value of limited partnership investments at each reporting date approximates their estimated fair value. 
 equity interest in a limited liability company (treated as a joint venture under U.S. GAAP) that owned land for lease or for sale. The joint venture was determined to be a variable interest entity as it lacked sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. Despite having a majority equity interest, the Company did not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the joint venture and, accordingly, was not required to consolidate the joint venture as its primary beneficiary. As a result, the Company used the equity method to account for this investment. When evidence indicates an impairment may occur, the Company evaluates whether a decline in value is other than temporary. Evidence may include continuing operating losses of the joint venture, a declining occupancy rate, a decrease in real estate value, and an oversupply of rental property in close vicinity to the investment property. Should available evidence indicate the recovery of the initial investment is less likely, the Company would compare the carrying value of the investment with its expected residual value and recognize an impairment loss in earnings. 

; building, years; building improvements, three to ; computer hardware and software, ; and furniture and office equipment, three to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the asset s useful life. Land is not depreciated. Expenditures for improvements are capitalized to the property accounts. Replacements and maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the life of the respective assets are expensed as incurred. The Company capitalizes both internal and external costs for internally developed software during the application development stage. During the preliminary project and post-implementation stage, internal-use software development costs are expensed as incurred. Capitalized software costs are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of . 
 
 up to . In assessing whether a contract is or contains a lease, the Company first determines whether there is an identified asset in the contract. The Company then determines whether the contract conveys the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified asset or the right to direct the use of the identified asset. The Company elects not to record any lease with a term of 12 months or less on the consolidated balance sheet. For such short-term leases, the Company recognizes the lease payments in expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. If the contract is or contains a lease and the Company has the right to control the use of the identified asset, the right-of-use ROU asset and the lease liability is measured from the lease component of the contract and recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. In measuring the lease liability, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate for a loan secured by a similar asset that has a term similar to the lease term to discount the lease payments. The contract is further evaluated to determine the classification of the lease as to whether it is finance or operating. If the lease is a finance lease, the ROU asset is depreciated to depreciation expense over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease term. Interest expense is recorded in connection with the lease liability using the effective interest method. If the lease is an operating lease, the ROU asset is amortized to lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For the presentation of finance leases on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, ROU assets and corresponding lease liabilities are included with property and equipment, net, and long-term debt, respectively. For the presentation of operating leases on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, ROU assets are presented as right-of-use assets - operating leases and corresponding lease liabilities are reflected as lease liabilities - operating leases. 

were amortized to interest expense over the expected life of the debt instrument. Equity issuance costs were a reduction to the proceeds allocated to the equity component. 
 
 of the voting rights and economic interests in a subsidiary. The noncontrolling interest is periodically adjusted for the expensing of TTIG s stock-based awards granted to its employees, the interest s share of TTIG s net income or loss to common stockholders and change in other comprehensive income or loss. 

unpaid earned premium and credit loss associated with the cancelled policy. However, when the 30-day grace period falls between two reporting periods, the premium receivable balance at the end of the first reporting period may potentially be overstated for not considering the policy that is subsequently cancelled during the following reporting period. To mitigate the overstatement issue, the Company estimates the monetary impact from the subsequent policy cancellation by multiplying the historical cancellation rate to the premiums receivable balance at the reporting date. An allowance for uncollectible premiums, which offsets the balance of premiums receivable, is established by reducing the unearned premiums liability and earned revenues. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , allowances for uncollectible premiums were and , respectively. The increase in allowances for uncollectible premiums during 2022 resulted in a decrease in unearned premiums during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in allowances for uncollectible premiums during 2021 resulted in a increase in unearned premiums during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Reinsurance Recovered in Advance on Unpaid Losses. Reinsurance recovered in advance on unpaid losses represents cash received in advance from a reinsurer under a reinsurance contract to reimburse the Company s losses and loss adjustment expenses. The Company is contractually permitted to apply these funds to offset the paid portion of reinsurance recoverable only. 
 days. 
 
 and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , other assets included and , respectively, of amounts receivable attributable to this service. 

Deferred income tax expense and benefit results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized if it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon examination. The term more likely than not means a likelihood of more than fifty percent; the terms examined and upon examination also include resolution of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date and is subject to management s judgment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of both positive and negative evidence available including recent operating results, available tax planning strategies, and projected future taxable income, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

60 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 

Restricted cash 

Total 

At December 31, 2022 , or of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were deposited at national banks and included with custodians. At December 31, 2021 , or of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were deposited at national banks and included with custodians. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s cash deposits at any one bank generally exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation s coverage limit for insured deposit accounts. 

 61 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

State, municipalities, and political subdivisions 

() 

Exchange-traded debt 

() 

Redeemable preferred stock 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

State, municipalities, and political subdivisions 

Exchange-traded debt 

Redeemable preferred stock 

() 

Total 

() 

Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Sales of Available-for-Sale Fixed-Maturity Securities 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

() 

Gross Unrealized Losses for Available-for-Sale Fixed-Maturity Securities) 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Exchange-traded debt 

() 

() 

Redeemable preferred stock 

() 

() 

Total available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

() 

Less Than Twelve Months 

Twelve Months or Longer 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Gross Unrealized Loss 

Estimated Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Loss 

Estimated Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Loss 

Estimated Fair Value 

U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

Redeemable preferred stock 

() 

() 

Total available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

() 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were and securities, respectively, in an unrealized loss position. Allowance for Credit Losses of Available-for-Sale Fixed-Maturity Securities The Company regularly reviews its individual investment securities for credit impairment. The Company considers various factors in determining whether a credit loss exists for each individual security, including- the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including any specific events that may affect its operations or earnings; 

 the extent to which the market value of the security has been below its cost or amortized cost; 

 general market conditions and industry or sector specific factors and other qualitative factors; 

 nonpayment by the issuer of its contractually obligated interest and principal payments; and 

 the Company s intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for the recovery of costs. 

Reductions for securities sold 

() 

Reductions for securities exchanged 

() 

Balance at December 31 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized credit loss expense related to fixed-maturity securities in the consolidated statements of income compared with of credit loss expense on fixed-maturity securities for the year ended December 31, 2020. b) Equity Securities 

() 

December 31, 2021 

() 

Exclude: Net realized (losses) gains recognized for securities sold 

() 

() 

Net unrealized (losses) gains recognized 

() 

Sales of Equity Securities 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

() 

c) Limited Partnership Investments The Company has interests in limited partnerships that are not registered or readily tradeable on a securities exchange. These partnerships are private equity funds managed by general partners who make decisions with regard to financial policies and operations. As such, the Company is not the primary beneficiary and does not consolidate these partnerships. 

Value creation through active distressed debt investing primarily in bank loans, public and private corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, and equity securities received in connection with debt restructuring. (b)(d)(e) 

High returns and long-term capital appreciation through investments in the power, utility and energy industries, and in the infrastructure sector. (b)(f)(g) 

Value-oriented investments in less liquid and mispriced senior and junior debts of private equity-backed companies. (b)(h)(i) 

Value-oriented investments in mature real estate private equity funds and portfolios globally. (b)(j) 

Risk-adjusted returns on credit and equity investments, primarily in private equity-owned companies. (b)(k) 

Total 

(a) 

 (b) 

 (c) or following the maturity of the fund s outstanding leverage. Although the capital commitment period has expired, follow-on investments and pending commitments may require additional fundings. 

 (d) . Although the capital commitment period has ended, the general partner could still request an additional funding under certain circumstances. 

 (e) 

 (f) term. The capital commitment period has expired but the general partner may request additional funding for follow-on investment. 

 (g) 

 (h) term from the commencement date, which can be extended for up to two additional periods with the consent of either the advisory committee or a majority of limited partners. 

 (i) 

 (j) . The term may be extended for up to four additional one-year periods at the general partner s discretion, and up to two additional one-year periods with the consent of the advisory committee. 

 (k) term after the final admission date. The term may be extended for an additional one-year period at the general partner s discretion, and up to two additional one-year periods with the consent of either the advisory committee or a majority of limited partners. 

() 

Total expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Balance sheet: 

Total assets 

Total liabilities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized net investment income of and , respectively, compared with net investment loss of for the year ended December 31, 2020, for these investments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s net cumulative contributed capital to the partnerships existing at each respective balance sheet date totaled and , respectively, and the Company s maximum exposure to loss aggregated and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company received in cash returns on investment of and returns of capital of compared with returns on investment of and returns of capital of during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020 , the Company received total cash distributions of , representing of returns on investment and of returned capital. d) Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture Melbourne FMA, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary, had an equity investment in FMKT Mel JV, a Florida limited liability company treated as a joint venture under U.S. GAAP. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s maximum exposure to loss relating to this variable interest entity was and , respectively, representing the carrying value of the investment. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there wa s undistributed income from this equity method investment. In June 2022, FMKT Mel JV sold its last remaining outparcel and recognized a gain on sale of before distributing its earnings in July 2022 and being liquidated in December 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company received a cash distribution of , representing a combined distribution of in earnings and in capital. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company received a cash distribution of , representing a combined distribution of in earnings and in capital. For the year ended December 31, 2020 , the Company did t receive any cash distributions. See Note 28 -- Subsequent Events for information on the final distribution. 

Total expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

The Company s share of net income (loss) 

() 
 
 Included in net investment income in the Company s consolidated statements of income. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Balance sheet: 

Property and equipment, net 

Cash 

Other 

Total assets 

Members capital 

Total members capital 

Investment in unconsolidated joint venture, at equity 

share of FMKT Mel JV s operating results. 
 e) Real Estate Investments Real estate investments include land, buildings with office and reta il space for lease, outparcels, and marinas. 

Land improvements 

Buildings and building improvements 

Tenant and leasehold improvements 

Other 

Total, at cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Real estate investments 

In May 2022, the Company sold one outparcel in Sorrento, Florida for net proceeds of . On July 1, 2022, the Company closed on its agreement to sell acres of land in Tampa, Florida for net proceeds of to the Florida Department of Transportation FDOT in connection with an eminent domain proceeding for a planned road improvement project. See additional information under f) Net Investment Income below. Depreciation and amortization expense related to real estate investments was , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and was included in net investment income on the consolidated statements of income. 

Equity securities 

Investment expense 

() 

() 

() 

Limited partnership investments 

() 

Real estate investments 

() 

Net income (loss) from unconsolidated joint venture 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Net investment income 

In May 2022, income from real estate investments included a net gain of resulting from the sale of the outparcel described in e) Real Estate Investments and of income from selling the liquor license previously owned by the Company s restaurant business which was discontinued in 2020. In July 2022, income from real estate investments included a net realized gain of resulting from the sale of acres of land in Tampa, Florida for net proceeds of to the FDOT. During the year ended December 31, 2021, income from real estate investments included a net gain of resulting from a legal settlement with The Kroger Co. in a lawsuit filed by a real estate subsidiary of the Company to enforce a guaranty of a commercial lease. g) Other Investments From time to time, the Company may invest in financial assets other than stocks, mutual funds, and bonds. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , net realized gains related to other investments were , and , respectively. 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Income Tax 

Before Tax 

Effect 

Net of Tax 

Net unrealized losses 

() 

() 

() 

Call and repayment gains charged to investment income 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains 

() 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Income Tax 

Before Tax 

Effect 

Net of Tax 

Net unrealized gains 

Credit losses on investments 

Call and repayment gains charged to investment income 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustment for net realized gains 

() 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

days. Their carrying value approximates fair value due to the short maturity and high liquidity of these funds. Restricted Cash Restricted cash represents cash held by state authorities and the carrying value approximates fair value. Fixed-Maturity and Equity Securities Estimated fair values of the Company s fixed-maturity and equity securities are determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, using valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Fair values are generally measured using quoted prices in active markets for identical securities or other inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar securities. In those instances where observable inputs are not available, fair values are measured using unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the security and are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. Fair value estimates derived from unobservable inputs are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rates and the estimated amounts and timing of future cash flows. The derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that would be realized in a current market exchange. The estimated fair values for securities that do not trade on a daily basis are determined by management, utilizing prices obtained from an independent pricing service and information provided by brokers, which are level 2 inputs. Management reviews the assumptions and methods utilized by the pricing service and then compares the relevant data and pricing to broker-provided data. The Company gains assurance of the overall reasonableness and consistent application of the assumptions and methodologies, and compliance with accounting standards for fair value determination through ongoing monitoring of the reported fair values. Revolving Credit Facility From time to time, the Company has an amount outstanding under a revolving credit facility. The interest rate is variable and is periodically adjusted based on the Secured Overnight Financing Right SOFR plus a ten basis points adjustment plus a margin based on the debt-to-capital ratio. As a result, carrying value, when outstanding, approximates fair value. Long-Term Debt Convertible Senior Notes 

Convertible Senior Notes 

Promissory Note 

Callable Promissory Note 

Promissory Note 

Assets Measured at Estimated Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Restricted cash 

Fixed-maturity securities: 

U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies 

Corporate bonds 

States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 

Exchange-traded debt 

Redeemable preferred stock 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Equity securities 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Financial Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Fixed-maturity securities: 

U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies 

Corporate bonds 

States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 

Exchange-traded debt 

Redeemable preferred stock 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Equity securities 

Liabilities Carried at Other Than Fair Value Convertible Senior Notes 

Convertible Senior Notes 

Promissory Note 

Callable Promissory Note 

Promissory Note 

Total long-term debt 

Carrying 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

Estimated 

Value 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Fair Value 

As of December 31, 2021 

Financial Liabilities: 

Revolving credit facility 

Long-term debt: 

Convertible Senior Notes 

Promissory Note 

Callable Promissory Note 

Promissory Note 

Total long-term debt 

Policy acquisition costs deferred 

Amortization 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

The amount of policy acquisition costs amortized and included in policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As described in Note 1 -- Nature of Operations with regards to the quota share reinsurance agreements, the Company derecognized of direct costs attributable to the assumption of insurance policies from United for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company incurred and , respectively, of direct costs attributable to the assumption of insurance policies from United for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 . 

 72 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 

Land improvements 

Buildings and building improvements 

Computer hardware and software 

Office furniture and equipment 

Tenant and leasehold improvements 

Other 

Total, at cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

In-place leases 

Policy renewal rights - United 

Non-compete agreements - United (b) 

Total, at cost 

Less: accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Intangible assets, net 

(a) 

 (b) was fully amortized in June 2022 and was fully amortized in June 2021. 

years 

In-place leases 
 
 years 

Policy renewal rights - United 
 
 years 

In connection with the Northeast Region assumed business as described in Note 1 -- Nature of Operations, the Company recorded renewal rights and non-compete intangible assets aggregating during 2021 in exchange for shares of HCI s common stock and a contingent liability of . In connection with the Southeast Region assumed business as described in Note 1 -- Nature of Operations, the Company recorded intangible assets of during 2022 representing the renewal rights and non-compete agreement in exchange for consideration consisting of a commission on any replacement premium which includes of commission prepaid up-front and a contingent liability of . During the fourth quarter of 2022, all available information pertaining to the Northeast and Southeast Regions policies in-force was reviewed. Furthermore, management engaged an independent valuation specialist to assess for possible impairment of the renewal rights intangible assets. Based on the review and the assessment, the Company recognized an impairment loss of related to the renewal rights intangible assets and, simultaneously, recorded a decrease in contingent liabilities resulting in a remeasurement gain of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , contingent liabilities related to renewal rights intangible assets were and , respectively, with the contingent liabilities included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The renewal rights and non-compete intangible assets acquired do not meet the definition of a business as substantially all of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired are concentrated in a group of similar assets. Therefore, the Company accounted for the purchases of the renewal rights and non-compete intangible assets as asset acquisitions. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , amortization expense associated with intangible assets was , and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Reimbursement receivable under TPA service 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

Lease acquisition costs, net 

Other 

Total other assets 

Management reviewed the collectability of the reimbursement receivable under TPA service and other amounts receivable attributable to this service as of December 31, 2022 and, considering the subsequent collection of reimbursement receivable as well as the balance of funds withheld for assumed business as of December 31, 2022, determined that an allowance for credit losses is not necessary for the reimbursement receivable under TPA service or the other amounts receivable attributable to this service. 

 74 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 
 
 . On November 7, 2022, the Company executed the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement. Under the terms of this amendment, the maximum debt-to-capital ratio as defined in the Credit Agreement is set at and the borrowing capacity of the line of credit is set at . On December 1, 2022, the Company executed the Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement. Under the terms of this amendment, one of the Company s properties was released from the collateral pool and borrowings bear interest at an annual rate equal to the one or three month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a ten basis points adjustment plus a margin based on the debt-to-capital ratio. The interest payment is due quarterly in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1, and October 1. The Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants as well as customary events of default. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company must comply with certain financial and non-financial covenants and agree to pay a fee equal to the product of the unused line fee rate and the average of the daily unused available credit balances. The unused line fee rate is determined based on the debt-to-capital ratio as amended by the Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement. In May 2022, the Company repaid the entire credit facility balance of and at December 31, 2022 had b orrowings outstanding under the credit facility. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , interest expense was , and , respectively, including , and of amortization of issuance costs, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all required covenants and had available borrowing capacity o f . 

 Convertible Senior Notes, due 

Convertible Senior Notes, due 

Promissory Note, due through 

Callable Promissory Note, due through 

Promissory Note, due through 

Finance lease liabilities, due through 

Total principal amount 

Less: unamortized issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt 

Convertible Senior Notes and Convertible Senior Notes are repurchased at their respective next earliest call dates: 

Due in 12 months following December 31, 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Non-cash expense (a) 

Capitalized interest (b) 

() 

Total 

(a) Includes amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. Amortization of debt discount discontinued effective January 1, 2021 upon the Company s adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06 ASU 2020-06 Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. 

 (b) Interest was capitalized for construction projects. 

Convertible Senior Notes The Company s Convertible Senior Notes consist of Convertible Senior Notes that mature and Convertible Senior Notes that mature . The 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes were issued in March 2017 with cash interest payable of each year. In May 2022, the Company issued 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes in a private offering for an aggregate principal amount of . The net proceeds of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes were after in related issuance and transaction costs. The cash interest for the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes is payable . In conjunction with the issuance of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes, the Company entered into a share repurchase agreement providing for the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock. See Note 20 -- Equity under Share Repurchase Agreement for additional information. The Convertible Senior Notes rank equally in right of payment to the Company s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. The Convertible Senior Notes do not contain any financial or operating covenants or restrictions on the payments of dividends, the incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Convertible Senior Notes provide no protection to the note holders in the event of a fundamental change or other corporate transaction involving the Company except those described in each respective indenture. The Convertible Senior Notes do not require a sinking fund to be established for the purpose of redemption. Embedded Conversion Feature The conversion feature of these Convertible Senior Notes is subject to conversion rate adjustments upon the occurrence of specified events (including payment of dividends above a specified amount) but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes. When the Company s cash dividends on common stock exceed per share, it will result in adjustments to the conversion rate of the 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 , the conversion rate of the Company s Convertible Senior Notes was shares of common stock for each 1 in principal amount, which was the equivalent of approximately per share. 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes. The conversion rate of the Convertible Senior Notes is currently shares of common stock for each 1 in principal amount, which is the equivalent of approximately per share. trading days during the period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business-day period after any ten consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price per 1 principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes is less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if specified corporate events, including a change in control, occur; (4) if the respective Convertible Senior Notes are called for redemption, 
 The note holders who elect to convert their Convertible Senior Notes in connection with a fundamental change as described in the indentures will be entitled to a make-whole adjustment in the form of an increase in the conversion rate. Upon conversion, the Company has options to satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. As of December 31, 2022, none of the conditions allowing the holders of either class of Convertible Senior Notes to convert had been met. The Company determined that the Convertible Senior Notes embedded conversion feature is not a derivative financial instrument and does not require bifurcation. At issuance of the 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes, which was prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, the Company accounted for the equity component of the embedded conversion feature as a reduction in the carrying amount of the debt and an increase in additional paid-in capital. Embedded Redemption Feature Fundamental Change The note holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the Convertible Senior Notes at par prior to the maturity date should any of the fundamental change events described in the indentures occur. The Company concluded that this embedded redemption feature is not a derivative financial instrument, does not require bifurcation, and that it is not probable at issuance that any of the specified fundamental change events will occur. Therefore, this embedded redemption feature is not substantive and will not affect the expected life of the liability. Embedded Redemption Feature Put Option of the Note Holder 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes. At the option of the holders of the 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes, the Company is required to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes at par on , or . The Company amortized the issuance costs associated with the 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes over the period from March 3, 2017 to March 1, 2022. The debt issuance costs for the 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes had been fully amortized as of February 2022. 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes. At the option of the holders of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes, the Company is required to repurchase for cash all or any portion of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes at par on , or . The Company amortizes the issuance costs associated with the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes over the period from May 23, 2022 to June 1, 2027. As of December 31, 2022 , the remaining amortization period of the debt issuance costs was expected to be years for the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes. The Company concluded that this embedded feature is not a derivative financial instrument and does not require bifurcation. Due to this provision, the Company determined that it is appropriate to amortize the debt issuance costs from the date each debt is issued to the earliest date at which the holders of the respective Convertible Senior Notes can demand payment. The effective interest rate for the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes, taking into account both cash and non-cash components, approximates . Had a 20-year term been used for the amortization of the issuance costs of the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes, the annual effective interest rate charged to earnings would have decreased to approximately . Promissory Notes 3.90 Promissory Note The agreement bears interest at a fixed rate of and is secured by the Company s shopping center property in Melbourne, Florida and the assignment of associated lease agreements. Approximately of principal and interest is payable in installments beginning plus a final balloon payment of including principal and unpaid interest payable on . . 3.75 Callable Promissory Note The loan bears interest at a fixed annual rate of and is collateralized by a retail shopping center in Sorrento, Florida and the lease agreements associated with this property. Approximately of principal and interest is payable in installments. provided a written notice of its intention to call the note is given at least six months in advance . 4.55 Promissory Note The loan agreement is secured by commercial real estate in Tampa, Florida and an associated lease agreement. The loan bears interest at a fixed annual rate of . Approximately of principal and interest is payable in installments. . 

 ceding commission on ceded premiums written and a profit commission equal to of net profit. The Company remains liable for claims payments in the event that any reinsurer is unable to meet its obligations under the reinsurance agreements. Failure of reinsurers to honor their obligations could result in losses to the Company. The Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers and monitors concentrations of credit risk arising from similar geographic regions, activities or economic characteristics of the reinsurers to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The Company contracts with a number of reinsurers to secure its annual reinsurance coverage, which generally becomes effective June 1st of each year. The Company purchases reinsurance each year taking into consideration probable maximum losses and reinsurance market conditions. 

Assumed 

Gross written 

Ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums written 

Premiums Earned: 

Direct 

Assumed 

Gross earned 

Ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums earned 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , ceded losses of , , and , respectively, were recognized as reductions in losses and loss adjustment expenses. Ceded losses related to Hurricane Ian, Hurricane Irma, Tropical Storm Eta, and other catastrophe and non-catastrophe claims were , , , and , respectively, for 2022. For 2021, ceded losses related to Hurricane Irma, Hurricane Sally, and other non-catastrophe claims wer e , , and , respectively. Ceded losses related to Hurricane Irma, Hurricane Michael, Hurricane Sally, and other non-catastrophe claims were , , , and , respectively, for 2020. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were and reinsurers, respectively, participating in the Company s reinsurance program. Total net amounts recoverable and receivable from reinsurers at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Approximately of the reinsurance recoverable balance at December 31, 2022 was receivable from three reinsurers, one of which was the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund, a tax-exempt state trust fund. Based on all available information considered in the rating-based method described in Note 2 -- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company recognized an increase in credit loss expense of for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Allowances for credit losses related to the reinsurance recoverable balance were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Due to Hurricane Ian, the Company s first event reinsurance coverage for flood losses was exhausted, and accordingly, the Company can no longer cede additional flood losses from Hurricane Ian to reinsurers. As a result, the Company elected to pay reinstatement premiums of to the reinsurers to restore the full amount of coverage. The unamortized first event reinsurance premiums of were written off and charged to premiums ceded during the fourth quarter of 2022. See Note 14 -- Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for more information about the flood losses attributable to Hurricane Ian. One of the existing reinsurance contracts includes retrospective provisions that adjust premiums in the event losses are minimal or zero. Prior to June 1, 2022, there were two reinsurance contracts with retrospective provisions. As a result of Hurricane Ian, the balance of previously accrued benefits under the multi-year reinsurance contract with retrospective provisions was decreased by in September 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company recognized reductions in premiums ceded of , and , respectively. See Note 23 -- Commitments and Contingencies for additional information. Amounts receivable pursuant to retrospective provisions are reflected in other assets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , other assets included and , respectively. In October 2022, the Company received of premium refund under the Company s previous two multi-year reinsurance contracts which were commuted effective May 31, 2022. Management believes the credit risk associated with the collectability of these accrued benefits is minimal as the amount receivable is concentrated with one reinsurer with a good credit rating and the Company monitors the creditworthiness of this reinsurer based on available information about the reinsurer s financial condition. Reinsurance provided to other insurance companies For the year ended December 31, 2022, of assumed premiums written related to the Northeast Region s insurance policies were derecognized, which primarily resulted from the return of the unearned portion of assumed written premiums subsequent to the Company s renewal and/or replacement of insurance policies in Massachusetts and New Jersey, whereas for the year ended December 31, 2021, assumed premiums written related to the Northeast Region s insurance policies were . At December 31, 2022 , the Company had a net balance of due to United related to the Northeast Region, consisting of payable on paid losses and loss adjustment expenses of and ceding commission payable of . At December 31, 2021 , the Company had a net balance of due to United related to the Northeast Region, consisting of payable on paid losses and loss adjustment expenses of and ceding commission payable of , offset by premiums receivable of . Effective December 30, 2022, the Company s quota share reinsurance agreement to provide 100 reinsurance on United s policies in the Northeast Region was commuted. Effective December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a separate agreement to provide 85 quota share reinsurance on United s personal lines insurance policies in the states of Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina through May 31, 2022. Effective June 1, 2022, the Company entered into a new agreement to provide 100 quota share reinsurance on United s personal lines insurance policies in the Southeast Region. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , assumed premiums written related to the Southeast Region s insurance policies were and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had a net balance of due to United related to the Southeast Region, consisting of payable on paid losses and loss adjustment expenses of and ceding commission payable of , offset by premiums receivable of . At December 31, 2021, there was an amount receivable from United of related to the Southeast Region, net of a ceding commission of and a catastrophe cost allowance of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the balance of funds withheld for assumed business related to the Company s quota share reinsurance agreements with United was and , respectively. The ratio of assumed premiums earned to net premiums earned for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 

 79 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 
 
 Selected reserves are based on a review of the indications from these methods as well as other considerations such as emergence since the most recent evaluation and number of open claims for a given accident period. Currently, the estimated ultimate liability is calculated using the principles and procedures described above, which are applied to the lines of business written. However, because the establishment of loss and LAE reserves is an inherently uncertain process, ultimate losses and LAE may exceed the established loss and LAE reserves and have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in estimates, or differences between estimates and amounts ultimately paid, are reflected in the operating results of the period during which such adjustments are made. The Company s reported results, financial position and liquidity would be affected by likely changes in key assumptions that determine the net loss reserves. However, it is believed that a reasonably likely increase or decrease in the severity of claims could impact our net loss reserves. 

Incurred, net of reinsurance, related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Total incurred, net of reinsurance 

Paid, net of reinsurance, related to: 

Current year 

() 

() 

() 

Prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Total paid, net of reinsurance 

() 

() 

() 

Net balance, end of year 

Add: reinsurance recoverable before allowance for credit losses 

Gross balance, end of year 

The establishment of loss and LAE reserves is an inherently uncertain process and changes in loss and LAE reserve estimates are expected as these estimates are subject to the outcome of future events. Changes in estimates, or differences between estimates and amounts ultimately paid, are reflected in the operating results of the period during which such adjustments are adjusted. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recognized losses related to prior years of primarily to increase reserves in response to increased litigation. On September 28, 2022, Hurricane Ian made landfall in southwestern Florida as a dangerous, high-end Category 4 storm. After crossing the Florida peninsula, it made a second landfall on September 30, 2022 in coastal South Carolina. Gross losses and LAE related to Hurricane Ian were estimated at for all insurance lines of business, including for HCPCI Insurance Operations and for TypTap. After reinsurance recoveries, losses and LAE retained by the Company were approximately for the year ended December 31, 2022. Of the total losses and LAE retained by the Company, was attributable to flood losses exceeding the maximum amount of coverage provided by reinsurers. As a result, the Company will be responsible for covering additional losses if the flood ultimate losses are later revised upward. Losses and LAE for the 2022 loss year included net estimated losses of approximately related to United policies assumed, renewed and/or replaced and related to Hurricane Nicole. 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, 

Year 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for loss and LAE, net of reinsurance 

(a) 

 (b) 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, 

Year 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Liabilities for loss and LAE, net of reinsurance 

(a) 

 (b) 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, 

Year 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Liabilities for loss and LAE, net of reinsurance 

(b) 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, 

Year 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2022 

Total 

Liabilities for loss and LAE, net of reinsurance 

(b) 

Homeowners Wind-only insurance 

Losses specific to any hurricane and storm events prior to 2022 

Losses specific to Hurricane Ian (2022) 

Other short-duration insurance lines 

Liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 

Reinsurance recoverables 

Total gross liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Homeowners Wind-only insurance 

Other short-duration insurance lines 

Losses specific to any hurricane and storm events prior to 2022 

Losses specific to Hurricane Ian (2022) 

The Company began writing Homeowners Wind-only insurance in 2015. 

87 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 
 
 reportable segments: HCPCI insurance operations, TypTap Group, real estate operations, and corporate and other. Due to their economic characteristics, the Company s property and casualty insurance division and reinsurance operations, excluding the insurance operations under TypTap Group, are grouped together into one reportable segment under HCPCI insurance operations. The TypTap Group segment includes its property and casualty insurance operations, information technology operations and its management company s activities. The real estate operations segment includes companies engaged in operating commercial properties the Company owns for investment purposes or for use in its own operations. The corporate and other segment represents the activities of the holding companies and any other companies that do not meet the quantitative and qualitative thresholds for a reportable segment. The determination of segments may change over time due to changes in operational emphasis, revenues, and results of operations. The Company s chief executive officer, who serves as the Company s chief operating decision maker, evaluates each division s financial and operating performance based on revenue and operating income. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenues from the HCPCI insurance operations segment before intracompany elimination represent ed , and , respectively, and revenues from the TypTap Group segment represented , , and , respectively, of total revenues of all operating seg ments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , HCPCI insurance operations total assets represented an d , respectively, and TypTap Group s total assets repre sented an d , respectively, of the combined assets of all operating segments. See Note 1 -- Nature of Operations for a description of the Company s operations. 

() 

Premiums ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums earned 

() 

Net income from investment portfolio 

Policy fee income 

Gain on involuntary conversion 

() 

Gain from remeasurement of contingent liabilities 

Other 

() 

Total revenue 

() 

Expenses: 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

() 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Other policy acquisition expenses 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Interest expense 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

Impairment loss 

Personnel and other operating expenses 

() 

Total expenses 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total revenue from non-affiliates (d) 

Gross premiums written 

(a) 	 (b) 	 (c) 	 from HCPCI and from a reinsurance company. (d) 	 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 HCPCI Insurance Operations 

TypTap Group 

Real Estate (a) 

Corporate/ Other (b) 

Reclassification/ Elimination 

Consolidated 

Revenue: 

Gross premiums earned (c) 

() 

Premiums ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums earned 

() 

Net income from investment portfolio 

Policy fee income 

Other 

() 

Total revenue 

() 

Expenses: 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

() 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Other policy acquisition expenses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Interest expense 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

Debt conversion expense 

Personnel and other operating expenses 

() 

Total expenses 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Total revenue from non-affiliates (d) 

Gross premiums written 

(a) 	 Other revenue under real estate primarily consisted of rental income from investment properties. (b) 	 Other revenue under corporate and other primarily consisted of revenue from marina business. (c) 	 from HCPCI and from a reinsurance company. (d) 	 Represents amounts before reclassification of certain revenue and expenses to conform with an insurance company s presentation. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 HCPCI Insurance Operations 

TypTap Group 

Real Estate (a) 

Corporate/ Other (b) 

Reclassification/ Elimination 

Consolidated 

Revenue: 

Gross premiums earned (c) 

() 

Premiums ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums earned 

Net income from investment portfolio 

() 

Policy fee income 

Gain on involuntary conversion 

Other 

() 

Total revenue 

() 

Expenses: 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Other policy acquisition expenses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Interest expense 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

Loss on repurchases of convertible senior notes 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Personnel and other operating expenses 

() 

Total expenses 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Total revenue from non-affiliates (d) 

Gross premiums written 

(a) 	 Other revenue under real estate primarily consisted of rental income from investment properties. (b) 	 (c) 	 from HCPCI and from a reinsurance company. (d) 	 Represents amounts before reclassification of certain revenue and expenses to conform with an insurance company s presentation. 

TypTap Group 

Real Estate Operations 

Corporate and Other 

Consolidation and Elimination 

() 

() 

Total assets 

92 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 

Liabilities 

Finance leases: 

ROU assets 

Liabilities 

The Company s lease of office space in India for its information technology operations expired in January 2022 and a new lease agreement was entered into effective February 2022 with an initial term of . In December 2022, the Company notified the FDOT of the election to terminate one of the operating leases for office space effective January 31, 2023, resulting in a derecognition of the ROU assets and its corresponding liabilities by . 
 to months 

(a), (b) 

Office space 
 
 to years 

(b), (c) 

Finance lease: 

Office equipment 
 
 to years 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 (d) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Total lease obligations 

Interest expense 

Operating lease costs 

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows finance leases 

Operating cash flows operating leases 

Financing cash flows finance leases 

December 31, 2022 

Weighted-average remaining lease term: 

Finance leases (in years) 

Operating leases (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Finance leases ) 

Operating leases ) 

to years 

(e) 

Retail space 
 
 to years 

(e) 

Boat docks/wet slips 
 
 to months 

(e) 

State 

() 

Foreign 

Total current taxes 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total deferred taxes 

() 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

(Decrease) increase in income taxes resulting from: 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefits 

() 

Effects of tax rate changes 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Non-deductible executive compensation 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

The Company has uncertain tax positions or unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 . The tax returns filed for the years ending December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 remain subject to examination by the Company s major taxing jurisdictions. The Company elected to classify interest and penalties, if any, arising from uncertain tax positions as income tax expense as permitted by current accounting standards. There have been material amounts of interest or penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded of income tax benefit resulting in an effective tax rate of . For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded income tax expense of and , respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of and , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate in 2022 as compared with 2021 was primarily attributable to a valuation allowance established as of December 31, 2022 and an increase in non-deductible compensation expense related to restricted stock and stock options granted to certain executives. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Unearned premiums 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Stock-based compensation 

Prepaid expenses 

Unearned revenue 

Net unrealized investment losses 

Basis difference related to convertible senior notes 

Accrued expenses 

Credit losses 

Organizational costs 

Bad debt reserve 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Gain on involuntary conversion 

() 

() 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Basis difference related to partnership investments 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Net unrealized investment gains 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

The Company has a federal net operating loss carryforward of for the 2022 tax year which will expire on December 31, 2042. The Company has a state net operating loss carryforward of for the 2022 tax year which can be carried forward indefinitely and will never expire. A valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized based on available evidence both positive and negative, including recent operating results, available tax planning strategies, and projected future taxable income. Management concluded that the negative evidence outweighed the positive evidence and therefore a valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets is established as of December 31, 2022. The Company did not have a valuation allowance established as of December 31, 2021. 

Less: Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

Less: TypTap Group s net loss attributable to non-HCI common stockholders and TypTap Group s participating securities 

Net loss attributable to HCI 

() 

Less: Loss attributable to participating securities 

Basic Loss Per Share: 

Loss allocated to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

Stock options 

Convertible senior notes 

Warrants 

Diluted Loss Per Share: 

Loss available to common stockholders and assumed conversions 

() 

() 
 
 (a) 

 Convertible senior notes, stock options, and warrants were excluded due to antidilutive effect. 

Income (Numerator) 

Shares (a) (Denominator) 

Per Share Amount 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Less: Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 

() 

Less: TypTap Group s net loss attributable to non-HCI common stockholders and TypTap Group s participating securities 

Net income attributable to HCI 

Less: Income attributable to participating securities 

() 

Basic Earnings Per Share: 

Income allocated to common stockholders 

Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Diluted Earnings Per Share: 

Income available to common stockholders and assumed conversions 

(a) 

Income (Numerator) 

Shares (a) (Denominator) 

Per Share Amount 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Less: Income attributable to participating securities 

() 

Basic Earnings Per Share: 

Income allocated to common stockholders 

Effect of Dilutive Securities: 

Stock options 

Convertible senior notes 

Diluted Earnings Per Share: 

Income available to common stockholders and assumed conversions 

(a) 

voting shares of its Series A-1 Preferred Stock and non-voting shares of its Series A-2 Preferred Stock (together Series A Preferred Stock ), par value, at a price of per share for total proceeds of . The Company incurred of related issuance costs in 2021. In connection with the transaction, the Lead Investor was granted by HCI warrants to purchase shares of HCI s common stock with an exercise price of per share. The warrants valued at or per warrant were immediately exercisable and will expire on the fourth anniversary of the date of issuance. Dividends Dividends accrue and accumulate from the date of issuance. Cumulative dividends are payable semi-annually in cash or paid-in-kind at TTIG s option. Cash dividend rates are per share in Year 1, per share in Year 2, per share in Year 3, and per share in Year 4 and thereafter. The rates for paid-in-kind dividends are per share in Year 1 and per share in Year 2. In addition, the Series A Preferred Stock will be paid dividends on an as-converted basis when and if TTIG declares common stock dividends. Conversion Rights The holders of TTIG s Series A Preferred Stock have the right to convert the stock at any time into shares of TTIG s common stock with an initial conversion rate of to 1. The conversion rate will be adjusted under certain conditions. Unless converted earlier, all shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be automatically converted into shares of TTIG s common stock at the then-applicable conversion rate upon (1) a qualified public offering of TTIG s common stock with gross proceeds of not less than with a price per share at least equal to of the original purchase price of the Series A Preferred Stock, or (2) at the election of requisite holders of a majority of TTIG s Series A Preferred Stock, whichever comes first. Redemption Rights On or after the fourth anniversary of the issuance date, TTIG s Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the holders at a price equal to the greater of (1) per share plus any accrued but unpaid dividends and (2) a fair market value per share determined by an independent valuation firm selected by TTIG s board of directors. Management determined that the redemption was not probable at December 31, 2022. Guaranty by HCI All payment obligations to the holders of TTIG s Series A Preferred Stock are fully guaranteed by HCI as long as TTIG s Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding. As the guarantor, HCI is subject to certain financial covenants. Liquidation Preference In the event of any liquidation, the Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to TTIG s common stock with respect to distribution rights. Anti-Dilutive Protection The holders of TTIG s Series A Preferred Stock receive protection in the form of a down-round feature which will be triggered in the event that TTIG issues additional common equivalent shares at an effective price per share less than per share. 

Initial proceeds from Centerbridge 

Increase (decrease): 

Proceeds allocated to warrants 

() 

Issuance costs 

() 

Issuance costs allocated to warrants 

Accrued cash dividends 

Accretion - increasing dividend rates 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31 

Net decrease related to warrants of . 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest was and , respectively, consisting of accrued cash dividends of and , respectively, and accretion related to increasing dividend rates of and , respectively. 

 of the Company s common shares before commissions and fees through December 31, 2022. There was no stock repurchase plan approved by the Board of Directors during 2021. In December 2019, the Board of Directors decided to extend the term of the 2019 stock repurchase plan to March 15, 2020, and in March 2020, the Board approved a stock repurchase plan to repurchase up to of the Company s common shares before commissions and fees during 2020. The shares may be purchased for cash in open market purchases, block transactions and privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. There is no share repurchase plan approved by the Board for 2023. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, the Company repurchased and retired and shares, respectively, at weighted average prices per share of and , respectively, under these authorized repurchase plans. The total costs of shares repurchased under these plans, inclusive of fees and commissions, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020 were and , respectively, or and per share, respectively. On , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of per common share. The dividends were paid on to stockholders of record on . Warrants At December 31, 2022 , there were warrants outstanding and exercisable to purchase shares of HCI common stock at an exercise price of . The warrants expire on . Share Repurchase Agreement In conjunction with the issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes as described in Note 12 -- Long-Term Debt under Convertible Senior Notes , the Company used of the net proceeds to repurchase and retire an aggregate of shares of its common stock at a price of per share from institutional investors. Prepaid Share Repurchase Forward Contract In March 2022, the Company s prepaid share repurchase forward contract with Societe Generale, entered into in conjunction with the 2017 issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes, was physically settled with the delivery from Societe Generale of shares of HCI s common stock to the Company. Noncontrolling Interests At December 31, 2022 , there were shares of TTIG s common stock outstanding, of which shares were not owned by HCI. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , TTIG repurchased and retired a total of and shares, respectively, of its common stock surrendered by its employees to satisfy payroll tax liabilities associated with the vesting of restricted shares. The total cost of purchasing noncontrolling interests during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

 shares available for grant. Stock Options Stock options granted and outstanding under the incentive plan vest over a period of and are exercisable over the contractual term of . 

years 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

years 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

Total intrinsic value of exercised options 

Tax benefits realized 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company recognized , and , respectively, of compensation expense which was included in general and administrative personnel expenses. Deferred tax benefits related to stock options were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was and , respectively, of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options. The Company expects to recognize the remaining compensation expense over a weighted-average period of year. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life (in years) 

Restricted Stock Awards From time to time, the Company has granted and may grant restricted stock awards to certain executive officers, other employees and nonemployee directors in connection with their service to the Company. The terms of the Company s outstanding restricted stock grants may include service, performance, and market-based conditions. The determination of fair value with respect to the awards containing only service-based conditions is based on the market value of the Company s stock on the grant date. For awards with market-based conditions, the fair value is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation method, which calculates many potential outcomes for an award and then establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

The Company recognized compensation expense related to restricted stock, which is included in general and administrative personnel expenses, of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was approximately and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock arrangements. The Company expects to recognize the remaining compensation expense over a weighted-average period of years. 

Tax benefits realized for restricted stock and paid dividends 

Fair value of vested restricted stock 

On October 5, 2022, shares of restricted stock issued to employees vested one year subsequent to satisfaction of a market-based vesting condition on October 5, 2021. The Company repurchased and retired a total of shares surrendered to satisfy payroll tax liabilities associated with the vesting of these restricted shares. The restricted shares were granted in February 2021 with a grant date fair value of per share. In February 2021, the Company cancelled shares of restricted stock for employees who transitioned to TypTap Group. In exchange, these employees received replacement restricted stock issued under TTIG s equity incentive plan. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, awards were issued with other than service-based vesting conditions. Subsidiary Equity Plan For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , TypTap Group recognized compensation expense related to its stock-based awards of and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was and , respectively, of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock and stock options. 

 percent of their pre-tax gross wages, subject to annual limitations. The Company s matching contribution is limited to a maximum of percent of the employee s annual salary or wage and is fully vested when contributed. Eligibility and vesting of the Company s discretionary profit sharing contribution is subject to the plan participant s years of service. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company contributed approximately , and , respectively, in matching contributions, which are included in general and administrative personnel expenses. There has been discretionary profit sharing contribution since the plan s inception. The Company also maintains benefit plans for its employees in India including a statutory post-employment benefit plan, or gratuity plan, providing defined, lump-sum benefits. The Company s liability for the gratuity plan reflects the undiscounted benefit obligation payable as of the balance sheet date, which was based upon the employees salary and years of service. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts accrued under the gratuity plan were and , respectively. In addition, the Company provides matching contributions with respect to defined contribution plans: the Provident Fund and the Employees State Insurance Fund, both of which are available to qualifying employees in India. Expense recognized by the Company for all benefit plans in India was , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

 multi-year reinsurance contract. The contract was entered into effective June 1, 2022 and the Company s previous multi-year reinsurance contracts were commuted effective May 31, 2022. The contract may be cancelled only with the other party s consent or when its experience account is positive at the end of each contract year. 

2024 

Total 

Rental Income The Company leases available space at the Company s various investment properties to non-affiliates at various terms. In addition, the Company leases boat slips and docks on a long-term basis. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Capital Commitments As described in Note 4 -- Investments under Limited Partnership Investments , the Company is contractually committed to capital contributions for limited partnership interests. At December 31, 2022 , there was an aggregate unfunded balance of . FIGA Assessments In October 2021, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation approved a 2022 assessment for the Florida Insurance Guaranty Association FIGA which is necessary to secure funds for the payment of covered claims of insolvent insurance companies. The 2022 FIGA assessment was levied at on collected premiums of all covered lines of business except auto insurance. The surcharge, which is collectible from a policyholder, was assessed on new and renewal policies with effective dates beginning January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. In March 2022, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation approved an assessment for FIGA which is necessary to secure funds for the payment of covered claims relating to the liquidation of one insurance company. The FIGA assessment is levied at on collected premiums of all covered lines of business except auto insurance. The surcharge, which is collectible from a policyholder, is assessed on new and renewal policies with effective dates beginning July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023. In August 2022, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation approved a 2023 assessment for FIGA which is necessary to secure funds for the payment of covered claims relating to the liquidation of two insurance companies. The 2023 FIGA assessment will be levied at on collected premiums of all covered lines of business except auto insurance. The surcharge, which is collectible from a policyholder, will be assessed on new and renewal policies with effective dates beginning January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. The Company s insurance subsidiaries, as member insurers, are required to collect and remit the pass-through assessments to FIGA on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2022, the FIGA assessments payable by the Company we re . 

Total revenue 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses 

Interest expense 

Total expenses 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Three Months Ended 

03/31/21 

06/30/21 

09/30/21 

12/31/21 

Net premiums earned 

Total revenue 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses 

Interest expense 

Total expenses 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Three Months Ended 

03/31/20 

06/30/20 

09/30/20 

12/31/20 

Net premiums earned 

Total revenue 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses 

Interest expense 

Total expenses 

Income before income taxes 

Net income 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

of the Company s consolidated retained earnings was free from restriction under the insurance statutes and regulations and available for the payment of dividends in 2023. The following briefly describes certain related and other requirements and restrictions imposed by the states or jurisdiction in which the Company s insurance subsidiaries are incorporated. Florida HCPCI and TypTap, which are domiciled in Florida, prepare their statutory financial statements in accordance with accounting principles and practices prescribed or permitted by the FLOIR, which Florida utilizes for determining solvency under the Florida Insurance Code (the Code ). The commissioner of the FLOIR has the right to permit other practices that may deviate from prescribed practices. Prescribed statutory accounting practices are those practices that are incorporated directly or by reference in state laws, regulations, and general administrative rules applicable to all insurance enterprises domiciled in Florida. Permitted statutory accounting practices encompass all accounting practices that are not prescribed; such practices differ from state to state, may differ from entity to entity within a state, and may change in the future. The Code requires HCPCI and TypTap to maintain capital and surplus equal to the greater of of their respective liabilities or a statutory minimum as defined in the Code. At December 31, 2022, HCPCI and TypTap were required to maintain minimum capital and surplus o f and , respectively. At December 31, 2021 , HCPCI and TypTap were required to maintain minimum capital and surplus of and , respectively. HCPCI and TypTap were in compliance with these requirements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. U.S. GAAP differs in certain respects from the accounting practices prescribed or permitted by insurance regulatory authorities (statutory-basis). These entities statutory-basis financial statements are presented on the basis of accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the FLOIR. The FLOIR has adopted the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual as the basis of its statutory accounting practices. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , HCPCI s statutory-basis capital and surplus was approximately and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , HCPCI had a statutory-basis net loss of approximately . For the year ended December 31, 2021 , HCPCI had a statutory-basis net income of approximately as opposed to a statutory-basis net loss of approximately for the year ended December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, TypTap s statutory-basis capital and surplus was approximately and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , TypTap s statutory-basis net losses were approximately , and , respectively. Statutory-basis surplus differs from stockholders equity reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP primarily because policy acquisition costs are expensed when incurred. In addition, the recognition of deferred tax assets is based on different recoverability assumptions. Since inception to September 2020, HCPCI and TypTap have each maintained a cash deposit with the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Florida in the amount of to meet regulatory requirements. TypTap later increased its cash deposit to and placed a U.S. Government security in the amount of with the State during the fourth quarter of 2020 in connection with its continued expansion. Under Florida law, a domestic insurer may not pay any dividend or distribute cash or other property to its stockholders except out of that part of its available and accumulated capital and surplus funds which is derived from realized net operating profits on its business and net realized capital gains. A Florida domestic insurer may not make dividend payments or distributions to stockholders without prior approval of the FLOIR if the dividend or distribution would exceed the larger of (1) the lesser of (a) of its capital surplus or (b) net income, not including realized capital gains, plus a two year carry forward, (2) of capital surplus with dividends payable constrained to unassigned funds minus of unrealized capital gains or (3) the lesser of (a) of capital surplus or (b) net investment income plus a three year carry forward with dividends payable constrained to unassigned funds minus of unrealized capital gains. Alternatively, a Florida domestic insurer may pay a dividend or distribution without the prior written approval of the FLOIR if (1) the dividend is equal to or less than the greater of (a) of the insurer s capital surplus as regards to policyholders derived from realized net operating profits on its business and net realized capital gains or (b) the insurer s entire net operating profits and realized net capital gains derived during the immediately preceding calendar year, (2) the insurer will have policy holder capital surplus equal to or exceeding of the minimum required statutory capital surplus after the dividend or distribution, (3) the insurer files a notice of the dividend or distribution with the FLOIR at least ten business days prior to the dividend payment or distribution and (4) the notice includes a certification by an officer of the insurer attesting that, after the payment of the dividend or distribution, the insurer will have at least of required statutory capital surplus as to policyholders. Except as provided above, a Florida domiciled insurer may only pay a dividend or make a distribution (1) subject to prior approval by the FLOIR or (2) days after the FLOIR has received notice of such dividend or distribution and has not disapproved it within such time. As a result, only HCPCI was qualified to make dividend payments at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Without prior written approval from the FLOIR, TypTap was not permitted to make any dividend payments. In addition, Florida property and casualty insurance companies are required to adhere to prescribed premium-to-capital surplus ratios. Florida state law requires that the ratio of of written premiums divided by surplus as to policyholders does not exceed to 1 for gross written premiums or to 1 for net written premiums. to 1 
 
 to 1 
 
 to 1 

Net 
 
 to 1 
 
 to 1 
 
 to 1 

TypTap: 

Gross 
 
 to 1 
 
 to 1 
 
 to 1 

Net 
 
 to 1 
 
 to 1 
 
 to 1 

Bermuda The Bermuda Monetary Authority requires Claddaugh Casualty Insurance Company, Ltd. Claddaugh ), the Company s Bermuda domiciled reinsurance subsidiary, to maintain minimum capital and surplus of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Claddaugh s statutory capital and surplus was approximately and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , Claddaugh reported a statutory net loss of approximately . For the year ended December 31, 2021 , Claddaugh reported a statutory net loss of approximately as opposed to a statutory net income of approximately for the year ended December 31, 2020 . During 2022, the Company contributed approximately of capital to Claddaugh. There was capital contribution to or return of capital from Claddaugh during 2021. During 2020, the Company contributed approximately of capital to Claddaugh. HCPCI and TypTap are subject to risk-based capital RBC requirements as specified by the NAIC. Under those requirements, the amount of minimum capital and surplus maintained by a property and casualty insurance company is to be determined based on the various risks related to it. Pursuant to the RBC requirements, insurers having less statutory capital than required by the RBC calculation will be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action, depending on the level of capital inadequacy. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded any applicable minimum risk-based capital requirements and no corrective actions have been required. As of December 31, 2022 , the combined statutory capital and surplus and minimum capital and surplus of the Company s U.S. insurance subsidiaries were approximately and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , restricted net assets represented by the Company s insurance subsidiaries amounted to and , respectively. 

 . The note bears an annual interest rate of with a maturity date for the principal and unpaid accrued interest of . On June 1, 2022, TTIG issued a demand promissory note to the Company for the principal amount of . The note bears an annual interest rate of with a maturity date for the principal and unpaid accrued interest of . On December 22, 2021, TTIG issued a demand promissory note to the Company for the principal amount of . The note bears an annual interest rate of with a maturity date for the principal and unpaid accrued interest of . See Note 28 -- Subsequent Events for additional information. On February 12, 2021, the Company committed to provide a revolving line of credit with borrowing capacity of up to to TTIG and the credit line would be available until the earlier of June 30, 2022 and the securing of alternative financing. This commitment ended on February 26, 2021 upon completion of the capital investment transaction by TTIG. 

 107 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 

Fixed-maturity securities, available for sale, at fair value 

Equity securities, at fair value 

Limited partnership investments 

Note receivable related party 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use assets - operating leases 

Income taxes receivable 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Lease liabilities - operating leases 

Income tax payable 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Revolving credit facility 

Long-term debt 

Due to related parties 

Total liabilities 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

() 

Net realized investment (losses) gains 

() 

Net unrealized investment (losses) gains 

() 

Credit losses on investments 

() 

Other income 

Loss on repurchases of convertible senior notes 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Debt conversion expense 

() 

Operating expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before income tax benefit and equity in (loss) income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

Net loss before equity in (loss) income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in (loss) income of subsidiaries 

() 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net realized investment losses (gains) 

() 

() 

Net unrealized investment losses (gains) 

() 

() 

Net (accretion of discount) amortization of premiums on investments in fixed-maturity securities 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net (income) loss from limited partnership investments 

() 

() 

Distributions from limited partnership interests 

Credit losses on investments 

Debt conversion expense 

Loss on repurchases of convertible senior notes 

Equity in loss (income) of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Income taxes 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

Due to related parties 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investments in limited partnership interests 

() 

() 

() 

Investment in note receivable related party 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of fixed-maturity securities 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of equity securities 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of short-term and other investments 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of intangible assets 

() 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of fixed-maturity securities 

Proceeds from calls, repayments and maturities of fixed-maturity securities 

Proceeds from sales of equity securities 

Proceeds from sales, redemptions and maturities of short-term and other investments 

Collection of note receivable related party 

Distributions received from limited partnership interests 

Dividends received from subsidiary 

Return of capital from subsidiary 

Investment in subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

(continued) Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock under share repurchase plan 

() 

() 

Repurchases of convertible senior notes 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends received under share repurchase forward contract 

Net (repayment) borrowing under revolving credit facility 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 

Debt conversion expense paid 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

111 
 
 HCI GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unless otherwise stated) 
 
 , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of per common share. The dividends are payable on to stockholders of record on . On January 12, 2023, HCPCI and TypTap received approval from the FLOIR to discontinue flood insurance policies written in Florida with policy cancellation effective dates no later than May 31, 2023. The reason for discontinuation is primarily attributable to the increased costs and reduced availability of flood reinsurance. The discontinuation will not have a material impact to the Company s results of operations. On January 17, 2023, the Company received the final distribution of from FMKT Mel JV, the unconsolidated joint venture that the Company had a equity interest in which was liquidated on . On February 5, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors extended the maturity date for the principal and unpaid accrued interest of the demand promissory note with TTIG to . On February 14, 2023, the Company entered into a conditional agreement to sell its retail shopping center investment property in Sorrento, Florida to a non-affiliate for a price of . Subject to due diligence, the sale is expected to be completed within 45 days after the contract date. On February 16, 2023, the Company entered into a conditional agreement to sell its retail shopping center investment property in Melbourne, Florida to a non-affiliate for a price of . Subject to due diligence, the sale is expected to be completed within 45 days after the contract date . On February 27, 2023, United s Florida-domiciled residential insurance subsidiary was placed into receivership by the State of Florida due to its financial insolvency. Under the existing contracts, United is responsible for payment of ceded premiums owed to the Company while the Company is responsible for adjudicating and paying claims. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a net amount due to United of and funds withheld for assumed business in trust accounts totaling for the benefit of policies assumed from, and TPA services provided to, United. The Company cannot predict the actions a receiver might take, which may include cancellation of policies subject to the quota share contracts, termination of the TPA service agreement and restrictions on, or use of, funds held in trust. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

 112 

ITEM 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A Control s and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report (December 31, 2022). Our disclosure controls and procedures are intended to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 FORVIS, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the 2022 consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued an attestation report, included herein, on our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During our most recent fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B Othe r Information 
 None. 
 113 

ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 114 

PART III 
 ITEM 10 Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to all of our employees and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer). We have posted the text of our code of ethics to our Internet web site: www.hcigroup.com . Select Investor Information at the top and then select Corporate Governance and then Code of Conduct. We intend to disclose any change to or waiver from our code of ethics by posting such change or waiver to our Internet website within the same section as described above. 
 The other information required under this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 11 Execut ive Compensation 
 The information required under this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required under this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans are summarized under Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 13 Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required under this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 14 Principal Acco untant Fees and Services 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for services related to the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 provided by FORVIS, LLP, our principal accountant (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees (a) 

590 

540 

All other fees (b) 

420 

182 

1,010 

722 

(a) Audit fees represent fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and audit services provided in connection with other statutory and regulatory filings. 

(b) All other fees represent fees billed for services provided to us not otherwise included in the category above. 

The Audit Committee pre-approved all 2022 engagements and fees for services provided by our principal accountant. The Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is (PCAOB Firm ID No. located in . 
 Other information required under this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 115 

PAR T IV 
 ITEM 15 Exhibit and Finan cial Statement Schedules 
 (a)	Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits 
 (1)	Consolidated Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 (2)	Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Any supplemental information we are required to file with respect to our property and casualty insurance operations is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K or is not applicable. 
 (3)	Exhibits: See the exhibit listing set forth below: 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, with amendments. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 7, 2013. 

3.1.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation designating the rights, preferences and limitations of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed October 18, 2013. 

3.1.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation cancelling the rights, preferences and limitations of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed May 15, 2020. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, with amendments. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to our Form 8-K filed September 13, 2019. 

4.1 
 
 Form of common stock certificate. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2013. 

4.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated February 26, 2021, issued by HCI Group, Inc. to CB Snowbird Holdings, L.P. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021 . 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated May 23, 2022, by and between HCI Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-K filed March 12, 2021. 

4.9 
 
 See Exhibits 3.1 , 3.1.1 , 3.1.2 and 3.2 of this report for provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and our Bylaws, as amended, defining certain rights of security holders. 

4.10 
 
 Indenture, dated March 3, 2017, between HCI Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Form 8-K filed March 3, 2017. 

4.11 
 
 Form of Global 4.25 Convertible Senior Note due 2037 (included in Exhibit 4.1). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Form 8-K filed March 3, 2017. 

10.1 
 
 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 26, 2021, among TypTap Insurance Group, Inc., HCI Group, Inc., and CB Snowbird Holdings, L.P. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021. 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. filed February 26, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021. 

10.3 
 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated February 26, 2021, among TypTap Insurance Group, Inc., CB Snowbird Holdings, L.P., HCI Group, Inc., and the other shareholders party thereto. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021. 

10.4 
 
 Parent Guaranty Agreement, dated February 26, 2021, between HCI Group, Inc. and CB Snowbird Holdings, L.P. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021. 

116 

10.5 
 
 HCI Group, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan as revised April 26, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2022. 

10.6 
 
 HCI Group, Inc. (formerly known as Homeowners Choice, Inc.) 2007 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 29, 2008. 

10.7 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated November 23, 2016 between Mark Harmsworth and HCI Group, Inc. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2017. 

10.8 
 
 Multi-Year Working Layer Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.131 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.9 
 
 Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.132 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.10 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.133 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.11 
 
 Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.134 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.12 
 
 Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.135 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.13 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.136 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.14 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.137 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.15 
 
 Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.138 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.16 
 
 Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.139 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.17 
 
 Sixth Layer Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.140 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.18 
 
 Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.141 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.19 
 
 Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.142 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

117 

10.20 
 
 Flood Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.143 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.21 
 
 Property Catastrophe Shared Multi-Region Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.144 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.22 
 
 Top Layer Flood/Wind Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.145 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.23 
 
 Reimbursement Contract effective June 1, 2022 between TypTap Insurance Company and the State Board of Administration of the State of Florida which administers the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.146 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.24 
 
 Reimbursement Contract effective June 1, 2022 between Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and the State Board of Administration of the State of Florida which administers the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.147 to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

10.31 
 
 Property Catastrophe First Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.32 
 
 Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.33 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.34 
 
 Joinder, Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Modification of Other Loan Documents. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 8-K filed January 28, 2021. 

10.40 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract (For First Excess Cat) effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.41 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.42 
 
 Property Catastrophe First Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.43 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract (For First Excess Cat) effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.44 
 
 7th Layer Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.45 
 
 Flood Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective July 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been 

118 

omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.48 
 
 TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of our Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021. 

10.49 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement of TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of our Form 8-K filed March 1, 2021. 

10.50 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated August 26, 2021, by and between HCI Group, Inc. and Citadel Equity Fund Ltd. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2021. 

10.51 
 
 Stock Option Agreement between Paresh Patel and TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. dated October 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K filed October 7, 2021. 

10.52 
 
 TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of our Form 8-K filed October 7, 2021. 

10.53 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 18, 2022, by and among HCI Group, Inc., JMP Securities LLC and Truist Securities, Inc., as representatives of the several purchasers named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K filed May 23, 2022. 

10.57 
 
 Form of executive restricted stock award contract. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed May 1, 2014. 

10.58 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2017, by and between HCI Group, Inc. and JMP Securities LLC and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., as representatives of the several initial purchasers named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K filed February 28, 2017. 

10.59 
 
 Prepaid Forward Contract, dated February 28, 2017 and effective as of March 3, 2017, between HCI Group, Inc. and Societe Generale. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K filed March 3, 2017. 

10.60 
 
 Credit Agreement, Promissory Note, Security and Pledge Agreement, dated December 5, 2018, between HCI Group, Inc. and Fifth Third Bank. Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 99.1, 99.2, and 99.3 of our Form 8-K filed December 6, 2018. 

10.61 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Modification of Note and Other Loan Documents, dated November 7, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2022. 

10.62 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Modification of Other Loan Documents, dated December 1, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K filed December 7, 2022. 

10.88 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated January 7, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our Form 8-K filed January 11, 2017. 

10.99 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Contract between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated January 7, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K filed January 11, 2017. 

10.101 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Contract between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated February 8, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K filed February 14, 2018. 

10.102 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated February 8, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our Form 8-K filed February 14, 2018. 

10.103 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Contract between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated January 15, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K filed January 22, 2019. 

10.104 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated January 15, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our Form 8-K filed January 22, 2019. 

10.105 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Contract between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated January 16, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K filed January 23, 2020. 

10.106 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement between Paresh Patel and HCI Group, Inc. dated January 16, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to our Form 8-K filed January 23, 2020. 

119 

10.107 
 
 Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.108 
 
 Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.109 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.110 
 
 Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.111 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.112 
 
 Top Layer Flood/Wind Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.113 
 
 Property Catastrophe First Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.114 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract (For First Excess Cat) effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.115 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.116 
 
 Property Catastrophe First Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.117 
 
 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract (For First Excess Cat) effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.118 
 
 Non-Florida Property Catastrophe 6MXS 4M Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.119 
 
 Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract (For 6MXS 4M Excess Cat) effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.120 
 
 Reimbursement Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by the State Board of Administration of the State of Florida. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.121 
 
 Reimbursement Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to TypTap Insurance Company by the State Board of Administration of the State of Florida. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

120 

10.122 
 
 Multi-Year Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.123 
 
 Multi-Year Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. and TypTap Insurance Company by subscribing reinsurers. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2021. 

10.124 
 
 Property Quota Share Reinsurance Contract effective December 31, 2020 issued to United Property and Casualty Insurance Company by Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-K filed March 10, 2022. 

10.125 
 
 Renewal Rights Agreement effective January 18, 2021 by and among United Property and Casualty Insurance Company, United Insurance Holdings Corp., United Insurance Management, L.C. and Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-K filed March 10, 2022. 

10.126 
 
 Property Quota Share Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2021 issued to United Property and Casualty Insurance Company by Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company and TypTap Insurance Company. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-K filed March 10, 2022. 

10.127 
 
 Renewal Rights Agreement effective December 30, 2021 by and among United Property and Casualty Insurance Company, United Insurance Holdings Corp., United Insurance Management, L.C. and Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-K filed March 10, 2022. 

10.128 
 
 Property Quota Share Reinsurance Contract effective December 31, 2021 issued to United Property and Casualty Insurance Company by Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-K filed March 10, 2022. 

10.129 
 
 Property Quota Share Reinsurance Contract effective June 1, 2022 issued to United Property and Casualty Insurance Company by TypTap Insurance Company. Incorporated by reference to the corresponding numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022. 

14 
 
 Code of Conduct of HCI Group, Inc. Incorporated by reference to the correspondingly numbered exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed August 7, 2013. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of HCI Group, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of FORVIS, LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.ss.1350 

32.2 
 
 Written Statement of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.ss.1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management contract or compensatory plan . 

121 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HCI GROUP, INC. 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Paresh Patel 

Paresh Patel, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of The Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Paresh Patel 

Paresh Patel, Chief Executive Officer and 

Chairman of The Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ James Mark Harmsworth 

James Mark Harmsworth, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Karin Coleman 

Karin Coleman, Chief Operating Officer and Director 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Wayne Burks 

Wayne Burks, Director 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Sanjay Madhu 

Sanjay Madhu, Director 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Gregory Politis 

Gregory Politis, Director 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Peter Politis 

Peter Politis, Director 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Anthony Saravanos 

Anthony Saravanos, Director 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Lauren Valiente 

Lauren Valiente, Director 

March 10, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Susan Watts 

Susan Watts, Director 

A signed original of this document has been provided to HCI Group, Inc. and will be retained by HCI Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 122 

<EX-21>
 2
 hci-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 HCI GROUP, INC. 
 Subsidiaries 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following active subsidiaries: 

State or Sovereign Power 

Wholly-owned subsidiaries of HCI Group, Inc. 
 
 of Incorporation 

Homeowners Choice Property Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Homeowners Choice Managers, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Claddaugh Casualty Insurance Company Ltd. 
 
 Bermuda 

Cypress Property Management Services, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Cypress Claims Services, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Greenleaf Capital LLC 
 
 Florida 

Omega Insurance Agency, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Southern Administration, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Enclave Services, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

HCI Insurance Administration Services, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Perrisk Insurance Company 
 
 Arizona 

State or Sovereign Power 

Wholly-owned subsidiaries of TypTap Insurance Group, Inc. 
 
 of Incorporation 

TypTap Insurance Company 
 
 Florida 

TypTap Management Company 
 
 Florida 

Cypress Tech Development Company, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Exzeo USA, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

State or Sovereign Power 

Wholly-owned subsidiaries of Greenleaf Capital LLC 
 
 of Incorporation 

Gators on the Pass Holdings, LLC 
 
 Florida 

John s Pass Marina Investment Holdings, LLC 
 
 Florida 

JP Beach Holdings, LLC 
 
 Florida 

Pass Investment Holdings, LLC 
 
 Florida 

TI Marina Company, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Treasure Island Restaurant Company, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

TV Investment Holdings LLC 
 
 Florida 

Silver Springs Property Investments LLC 
 
 Florida 

Melbourne FMA, LLC 
 
 Florida 

FMKT Mel Owner LLC 
 
 Florida 

HCPCI Holdings LLC 
 
 Florida 

Sorrento PBX LLC 
 
 Florida 

Greenleaf Essence, LLC 
 
 Florida 

Century Park Holdings, LLC 
 
 Florida 

Gulf To Bay LM, LLC 
 
 Florida 

Westview Holdings, LLC 
 
 Florida 

State or Sovereign Power 

Wholly-owned subsidiary of HCI Insurance Administration Services, Inc. 
 
 of Incorporation 

Griston Claim Services, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Griston Claim Management, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

State or Sovereign Power 

Wholly-owned subsidiary of Cypress Tech Development Company, Inc. 
 
 of Incorporation 

Exzeo Software Private Limited 
 
 India 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 hci-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-180322 and 333-185228) and the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-154436 and 333-184227) of HCI Group, Inc. of our reports dated March 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of HCI Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman, LLP) 

Tampa, Florida 

March 10, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 hci-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Paresh Patel, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of HCI Group, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ PARESH PATEL 

March 10, 2023 
 
 Paresh Patel 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided to HCI Group, Inc. and will be retained by HCI Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 hci-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, James Mark Harmsworth, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of HCI Group, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ JAMES MARK HARMSWORTH 

March 10, 2023 
 
 James Mark Harmsworth 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided to HCI Group, Inc. and will be retained by HCI Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 hci-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of HCI Group, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2023 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ PARESH PATEL 

Paresh Patel 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 10, 2023 

A signed original of this document has been provided to HCI Group, Inc. and will be retained by HCI Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 hci-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Written Statement of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of HCI Group, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2023 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ JAMES MARK HARMSWORTH 

James Mark Harmsworth 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 10, 2023 

A signed original of this document has been provided to HCI Group, Inc. and will be retained by HCI Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hci-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hci-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 hci-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hci-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hci-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

