<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1703073_0001549727-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4141029</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151814</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>770833</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1212056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>814015</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1090621</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001549727-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330140510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001549727-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIVIC CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001703073
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				981353606
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56198
		FILM NUMBER:		23779573

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		187 E. WARM SPRINGS ROAD., SUITE B450
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119-4112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-899-0818

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		187 E. WARM SPRINGS ROAD., SUITE B450
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119-4112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001549727-23-000010.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 vivc-10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
 STATES 
 
 SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 Washington,
 D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

7999 

State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 (Primary
 Standard Industrial 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 Classification
 Number) 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 
 
 Tel:
 - 

SECURITIES
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 
 
 NONE 
 
 (Title
 of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes o 
 x 

Common
stock, 0.001 par value; 70,000,000 shares authorized; 
 common stocks as of March 30, 2023. 

The
aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2021 are million . 

1 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1 
 DESCRIPTION
 OF BUSINESS 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 1A 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 3 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 4 
 SUBMISSION
 OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
 18 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5 
 MARKET
 FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 6 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 8 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 9 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 9B 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 38 
 
 ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 38 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 11 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 12 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 13 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 14 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 40 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 41 

2 

INTRODUCTORY
COMMENTS 

We
are a Nevada holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiary based in China. Our investors hold shares
of common stock in Vivic Corp., the Nevada holding company. This structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly
hold equity interests in our China subsidiary and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow
needs. Our ability to obtain contributions from our subsidiary are significantly affected by regulations promulgated by the PRC authorities.
Any change in the interpretation of existing rules and regulations or the promulgation of new rules and regulations may materially affect
our operations and or the value of our securities, including causing the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

Vivic
Corp. s China subsidiaries are required to follow the Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory Commission,
or CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. We may be subject
to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard including the risk that the PRC government could
disallow our holding company structure, which may result in a material change in our operations, including our ability to continue our
existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or continue to offer securities
to our investors. These adverse actions could value the value of our common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. We may
also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission,
if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which could adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities to continue
to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which may cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

There
may be prominent risks associated with our operations being in China. For example, as a U.S.-listed China public company, we may
face heightened scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of
our common stock. It could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Additionally, changes in Chinese internal regulatory
mandates, such as the M A rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and the soon to be effective Data Security Law, may target the Company s corporate
structure and impact our ability to conduct business in China, accept foreign investments, or list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

In
addition to the foregoing risks, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties arising from doing business in China as
summarized below: 

Adverse
 changes in economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material and adverse effect on overall economic growth
 in China, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
 are a holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiary based in China. This structure presents unique
 risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our China subsidiary and will be dependent upon contributions
 from our subsidiary to finance our cash flow needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiary to make payments to us could
 have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future;
 you should not buy our stock if you expect dividends. 

There
 is a possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in China from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of
 the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. We rely on dividends from our China subsidiary for our cash and financing
 requirements, such as the funds necessary to service any debt we may incur. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect
 our ability to finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. 

PRC
 regulation of loans to and direct investments in PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using the
 proceeds of this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to our operating subsidiaries in China. Substantial uncertainties
 exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate
 structure, corporate governance, and business operations. 

3 

The
 PRC government can change China s rules and regulations at any time with little to no advance notice, and can intervene and
 influence our operations and business activities in China. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities
 (including the CSRC and the CAC) to operate or to list on U.S. exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts
 more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers in different industries over time
 and if our subsidiary or the holding company were required to obtain approvals in the future, or we erroneously conclude that that
 approvals were not required, or were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, our operations may materially
 change, our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to our investors or to continue listing on a U.S. exchange may be adversely
 affected, and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest
 of the investors. There is a risk that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert
 more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material
 change in our operations and/or the value of our securities. Further, any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight
 and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers would likely significantly
 limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities
 to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Governmental
 control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment.

We
 may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection.
 We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

Under
 the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely
 result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

Failure
 to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our
 PRC resident Shareholders to personal liability, may limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our China
 subsidiary, may limit the ability of our China subsidiaries to distribute profits to us or may otherwise materially and adversely
 affect us. 

The recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA) all call
for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors,
especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our offering. Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect
or investigate completely our auditor, and that as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the
U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection
years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may
be prohibited from trading or being delisted. On December 2, 2021, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules to implement
the HFCAA. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued its report notifying the Commission that
it is unable to inspect or investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland China due to positions taken by authorities
in mainland China. Our independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 included elsewhere in this annual report, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm
registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess
its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is headquartered in Irvine, California. Our auditor, YCM CPA
INC, is an independent registered public accounting firm with the PCAOB, and as an auditor of publicly traded companies in the U.S.,
is subject to laws in the U.S. pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable
professional standards. Our auditor has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis. 

You
 may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock. 

We
 face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

We
 are organized under the laws of the State of Nevada as a holding company that conducts its business through a number of subsidiaries
 organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions such as China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. This may have an adverse impact on the ability
 of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these entities, bring actions in foreign jurisdictions against
 us or our management or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. 

U.S.
 regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. 

There
 are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends
 payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. 

References
in this registration statement to the Company, VIVC, we, us and our 
refer to Vivic Corp., a Nevada company and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Where reference to a specific entity is required,
the name of such specific entity will be referenced. 

4 

Transfers
of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

Vivic
Corp. is a Nevada holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in China primarily through our subsidiaries
in China. We may rely on dividends to be paid by our China subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds
necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating
expenses. There is a possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in China from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment
of the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to
finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. If our China subsidiaries incurs
debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions
to us. To date, our subsidiaries have not made any transfers, dividends or distributions to Vivic Corp. and Vivic Corp. has not made
any transfers, dividends or distributions to our subsidiaries. 

Vivic
Corp. is permitted under the Nevada laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in China through loans or capital contributions without
restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements.
Our China subsidiaries are also permitted under the laws of China to provide funding to Vivic Corp. through dividend distribution through
our WFOE. As of the date of this prospectus, there has been no dividends or distributions among the holding company or the subsidiaries
nor do we expect such dividends or distributions to occur in the foreseeable future among the holding company and its subsidiaries. 

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not
anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will
be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements,
contractual requirements, business prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions
contained in any future financing instruments. 

Subject
to the Nevada Revised Statutes and our bylaws, our board of directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time
and of such an amount as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value
of our assets will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. There is no further Nevada statutory
restriction on the amount of funds which may be distributed by us by dividend. 

The
laws and regulations of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from Vivic Corp. to our China subsidiaries
or from our China subsidiaries to Vivic Corp. 

Current
PRC regulations permit PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Vivic Corp. only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in
accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside
at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered
capital. Each of such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare
fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory
reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings
of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. 

The
PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC.
Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency
for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future,
the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our subsidiaries are
unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Cash
dividends, if any, on our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes,
any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding
tax at a rate of up to 10.0 . 

In
order for us to pay dividends to our shareholders, payments from our PRC subsidiaries to Vivic Corp. will be subject to PRC taxes, including
business taxes and VAT. 

5 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than
statements of historical facts, included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in the Market Overview 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s
market projections, financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or
developments which the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures
(including the amount and nature thereof); expansion and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such matters are
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience
and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are
appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results or developments will conform with the Company s expectations and
predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business
opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors,
most of which are beyond the control of the Company. 

These
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, 
 anticipates, expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar
terms. These statements appear in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations
of the Company, and its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company s financial condition
or results of operations for its limited history; (ii) the Company s business and growth strategies; and, (iii) the Company s financing
plans. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant
risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result
of various factors. Such factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company s
limited operating history, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change,
and competition. 

Consequently,
all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance
that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will
have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update
any such forward-looking statements. 

6 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These
statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, believe,
 anticipate, estimate, approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We
intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place
undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent
management s best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties
and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations
and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events. 

As
used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , mean VIVIC CORP., unless
otherwise indicated. 

All dollar amounts refer to US dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

We
were incorporated on February 16, 2017 in the State of Nevada. In addition to the US administrative office, the company currently has
several offices with 20 full-time employees located in Taiwan, China, and Hong Kong. We were initially a travel agency that organized
individual and group tours in the Dominican Republic, such as cultural, recreational, sport, business, ecotours and other travel tours. 

On
January 3, 2021, the Company entered into a Joint Venture and Cooperation Agreement to invest in Shenzhen Ocean Way Yachts Services Co.,
Ltd Ocean Way ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, we have invested a total amount of 122,665 (RMB 780,000).
Ocean Way is a medial company which edits a yachts magazine and holds accounts in main media platforms such as Weibo. However, to concentrate
on yachts manufacturing and sales, On March 22, 2022, the Company sold its shares of Ocean Way and its subsidiaries to a third-party
for a total of 160,499 (RMB1,080,000). 

On
May 11, 2021, our subsidiary namely Guangzhou Khashing Yacht Company Limited ceased its operation and de-registered. 

On
June 23, 2021, our subsidiary namely Vivic Corporation (Fujian) Co., Limited ceased its operation and de-registered. 

On
June 24, 2021, our subsidiary namely Khashing Yachts Industry Development (Hainan) Co. Ltd ceased its operation and de-registered. 

On
September 23, 2021, we acquired the additional 25 of Vivic Corporation (Hong Kong) Co., Limited. As a result, Vivic Corporation (Hong
Kong) Co., Limited becomes a wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On
July 26, 2022, Khashing Yachts Industry (Guangdong) Limited changed its name to Guangdong Weiguan Ship Tech Co., Ltd. Weiguan
Ship ). 

On
July 6, 2022, Zhejiang Jiaxu Yacht Company Limited changed its name to Wenzhou Jiaxu Yacht Company Limited. 

On
August 10, 2022, the noncontrolling shareholder surrendered their 30 of Wenzhou Jiaxu Yacht Company Limited to the Company. which became
a wholly-owned subsidiary 

In
addition to the yacht and marina business operations, starting in August 2020, we officially developed our yachts prototype after much
research and development in partnership with KhaShing Enterprise Co., the largest and most advanced yacht and boat building company in
Taiwan. 

Regarding
our consulting services, we help customers compare prices and purchase products such as yachts by acting as an intermediary for their
purchase and sales transactions. We also help customers obtain patents, implement product launch plans, and evaluate products. Through
our assistance, some customers have sold yachts while others have started marina development plans in Taiwan and China. 

Before
the acquisition of Guangdong Weiguan Ship Tech Co., Ltd. by Vivic, Weiguan Ship had already approached the local governments in Quanzhou,
Chongwu and Shanwei for licenses to develop marinas in the area. As a result, after the merger, the company continued to apply for marinas
and land under the name of Vivic Corp. 

Yachts
Manufacturing and Sales 

In
cooperation with Kha Shing Enterprise Co., we design various yachts models which differ in their sizes, performances, and functions.
To improve our design ability, we unite with a top designer, Gary Grant who has over thirty years experience in yachts design
and recognized world-wide for its outstanding aerodynamics knowledge, glass sculpture and balance between practicalities and aesthetics.
Currently, we own our two brands VIVIC and NORSEMAN . 

We
select our local yachts manufacturers by evaluating their production qualification, technical ability, financial status, commercial credit.
Once a customer places an order on the model, we negotiate and sign an original equipment manufacturer OEM contract with
selected local manufactures. In the boat construction process, we assign our tech staff to closely monitor construction detail and progress.
Upon completion, we deliver the boats to the location our customers demands. 

7 

Further,
Guangdong Weiguan Ship Tech Co., Ltd develops smart driving system of electric yachts. In the future, electric yachts are expected to
be equipped with the unmanned driving system. Such alliance will achieve synergy through our strengths for developing the smart yacht
markets worldwide. 

Advertising
Services 

In
January 2021, we invested Ocean Way, a media company. Ocean Way owns a yachts industry periodical and several reputable media accounts
such as WeChat Official account and Weibo official account. It generates revenue by editing and publishing customers promotion
information its periodicals and media accounts. For example, in its Ocean Way Yearbook , Ocean Way inserts advertisements
and advertorials. On its official website, it lists customers brands in its database and updates their news reports. In March
2022, we sold our shares of Ocean Way and its subsidiaries for total proceeds of 160,499 (RMB1,080,000). 

Consulting
Services 

We
provide consulting services to other developers and operators of marinas. 

Our
service includes following categories: 

Marketing Planning and Promotion: We assist marina operator clients to promote their products through marketing channels, help to build
customer relationships and increase brand loyalty and awareness. We help clients to develop marketing plan and packaging procedure. We
also help clients evaluate their business performance to effectively control their manpower and costs. Instead of paying on a percentage
of the total transaction, our clients pay a fixed monthly fee for our service. 

Internet platform: We introduce clients to the internet platform and assist them with broadcasting their business to the platform. We
use our experience and technology on the network platform to help our clients expand their customer base. 

Industry-University cooperation and research: Using customer feedback, we analyze possible future products and participate in professional
technology transfer through industry R D information collection and tracking, including marina developing, design and yacht manufacturing
technology. 

Our
clients includes both private companies who are engaged in the Marinas business and governments who are planning the development of local
marina industry. 

Our
Marina Projects: 

We
are currently developing a marina project: Wenzhou Marina in Zhejiang Province, China. 

We
have conducted the preliminary research, feasibility analysis, government land negotiations, project design, and post- construction marina
operation management plan. We need to obtain local government approval for the land use and the construction. Normally it takes between
six months to a year to obtain such approval. However, due to the pandemic, we anticipate that it will take longer time to receive the
permit. 

Wenzhou
Yangfushan Yacht Marina 

Wenzhou
Yangfushan Marina is a project bid by the Company on November 30, 2020. The marina has opened in 2021 and operates yacht chartering,
wedding photography, marina advertising, sailing events, yacht training, yacht sales, electric boat bases, etc. At the same time, a membership
system will be adopted at the marina, and members can enjoy various services by joining the membership. 

The
marina has 18 berths that can fit yachts up to 60 feet, and can provide temporary berths of 115 feet. At the same time, the marina also
has a 2,100 square feet office space that can be used for management and sailing training. There is also 21,000 square feet next to the
marina that can be rented for events. However, due to the spread of Covid-19, the Wenzhou Yangfushan marina has limited operation in
2022. 

Intellectual
Property and Patents 

We
expect to rely on, trade secrets, copyrights, know-how, trademarks, license agreements and contractual provisions to establish our intellectual
property rights and protect our brand and services. These legal means, however, afford only limited protection and may not adequately
protect our rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets
or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources and management attention. 

We
intend to seek the widest possible protection for significant product and process developments in our major markets through a combination
of trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, and patents, if applicable. We anticipate that the form of protection will vary depending upon
the level of protection afforded by the particular jurisdiction. 

8 

We
intend to register trademarks as a means of protecting the brand names of our companies and products. We intend protect our trademarks
against infringement and seek to register design protection where appropriate. 

We
rely on trade secrets and unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. We expect that, where
applicable, we will require our employees to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment with us. We expect
these agreements to provide that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s
relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific limited circumstances. The agreements
will also provide that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering services to us shall be assigned to us as the exclusive
property of our company. There can be no assurance, however, that all persons who we desire to sign such agreements will sign, or if
they do, that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets or
unpatentable know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

We
 currently hold or submitted application for the following licensed patents: 

- 
 Khashing
 Yachts Industry (Gougdong) Limited holds the patent of product outlook design in China, number ZL 2021 3 064100.5 which was granted
 on February 15, 2022. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1144816 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1145446 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1145445 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1149124 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1145444 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1144815 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1150088 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the software intellectual property patent in China, number 2021SR1149123 which was granted on
 August 4, 2021. 

We
 currently hold or submitted application for the following trademarks: 

- 
 Vivic
 Corporation holds the trademark in China, number 37996389 which is registered on January 7, 2020 and valid until January 6, 2030. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the trademark in China, number 43040712 which was registered on October 7, 2020 and valid until
 October 6, 2030. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the trademark in China, number 43044195 which was registered on December 21, 2020 and valid until
 December 20, 2030. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the trademark in China, number 43052680 which was registered on December 21, 2020 and valid until
 December 20, 2030. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the trademark in China, number 43048081 which was registered on October 7, 2020 and valid until
 October 6, 2030. 
 
 - 
 Guangzhou
 Hysoul Yacht Company Limited holds the trademark in China, number 43043622 which was registered on December 14, 2020 and valid until
 December 13, 2030. 
 
 - 
 Vivic
 Corp. holds the trademark in Nevada, USA, Reference Number 16460524 on December 29, 2020 covering Class 35 and National Classes 100,
 101 and 102. 

PRC
Regulations on Tax 

Enterprise
Income Tax 

The Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the People s Republic of China (the EIT Law was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National
People s Congress on March 16, 2007 and became effective on January 1, 2008, and was later amended on February 24,
2017. The Implementation Rules of the EIT Law (the Implementation Rules were promulgated by the State Council on
December 6, 2007 and became effective on January 1, 2008. According to the EIT Law and the Implementation Rules, enterprises
are divided into resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. Resident enterprises shall pay enterprise income tax on their incomes
obtained in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25 . Non-resident enterprises setting up institutions in the PRC shall pay enterprise
income tax on the incomes obtained by such institutions in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25 . Non-resident enterprises with no institutions
in the PRC, and non-resident enterprises whose incomes having no substantial connection with their institutions in the PRC, shall pay
enterprise income tax on their incomes obtained in the PRC at a reduced rate of 10 . 

The
Arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation the Prevention of Fiscal
Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income (the Arrangement was promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation SAT on August 21, 2006 and came into effect on December 8, 2006. According to the Arrangement, a company incorporated in Hong Kong
will be subject to withholding tax at the lower rate of 5 on dividends it receives from a company incorporated in the PRC if it holds
a 25 interest or more in the PRC company. The Notice on the Understanding and Identification of 

9 

the
Beneficial Owners in the Tax Treaty (the Notice was promulgated by SAT and became effective on October 27, 2009.
According to the Notice, a beneficial ownership analysis will be used based on a substance-over-form principle to determine whether to
grant tax treaty benefits. 

In
April 2009, the Ministry of Finance, or MOF, and SAT jointly issued the Notice on Issues Concerning Process of Enterprise Income
Tax in Enterprise Restructuring Business, or Circular 59. In December 2009, SAT issued the Notice on Strengthening Administration
of Enterprise Income Tax for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 698. Both Circular 59 and Circular 698
became effective retroactively as of January 2008. In February 2011, SAT issued the Notice on Several Issues Regarding the
Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or SAT Circular 24, effective April 2011. By promulgating and implementing these
circulars, the PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise by a non-resident enterprise. 

Under
Circular 698, where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the equity interests of a PRC
 resident enterprise indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise,
being the transferor, may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, if the indirect transfer is considered to be an abusive use of company
structure without reasonable commercial purposes. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC tax at
a rate of up to 10 . Circular 698 also provides that, where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value, the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable
adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction. 

In
February 2015, the SAT issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced
a new tax regime that is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect
transfers set forth under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets, through the offshore transfer
of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition, Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular 698 on how to assess reasonable
commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public
securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated
to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring
the taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise being
the transferor, or the transferee, or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority
such indirect transfer. Using a substance over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the
overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring
PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other
person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10 for the transfer
of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise. 

On
October 17, 2017, the SAT issued a Notice Concerning Withholding Income Tax of Non-Resident Enterprise, or SAT Notice No. 37,
which abolishes Circular 698 and certain provisions of Circular 7. SAT Notice No. 37 reduces the burden of the withholding
obligator, such as revocation of contract filing requirements and tax liquidation procedures, strengthens the cooperation of tax authorities
in different places, and clarifies the calculation of tax payable and mechanism of foreign exchange. 

Value-added
Tax 

Pursuant
to the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC, or the VAT Regulations, which were promulgated by the State Council on
December 13, 1993, took effect on January 1, 1994, and were amended on November 10, 2008, February 6, 2016, and November 19, 2017, respectively,
and the Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC, which were promulgated by the MOF
on December 25, 1993, and were amended on December 15, 2008, and October 28, 2011, respectively, entities and individuals that sell goods
or labor services of processing, repair or replacement, sell services, intangible assets, or immovables, or import goods within the territory
of the People s Republic of China are taxpayers of value-added tax. The VAT rate is 17 for taxpayers selling goods, labor
services, or tangible movable property leasing services or importing goods, except otherwise specified; 11 for taxpayers selling services
of transportation, postal, basic telecommunications, construction, and lease of immovable, selling immovable, transferring land use rights,
selling, and importing other specified goods including fertilizers; 6 for taxpayers selling services or intangible assets. 

According
to the Notice on the Adjustment to the Value-added Tax Rates issued by the SAT and the MOF on April 4, 2018, where taxpayers make VAT
taxable sales or import goods, the applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 17 to 16 and from 11 to 10 , respectively. Subsequently,
the Notice on Policies for Deepening Reform of Value-added Tax was issued by the SAT, the MOF and the General Administration of Customs
on March 30, 2019 and took effective on April 1, 2019, which further adjusted the applicable tax rate for taxpayers making VAT taxable
sales or importing goods. The applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 16 to 13 and from 10 to 9 , respectively. 

Dividend
Withholding Tax 

The
Enterprise Income Tax Law provides that since January 1, 2008, an income tax rate of 10 will normally be applicable to dividends
declared to non-PRC resident investors that do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or that have such establishment
or place of business but the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent
such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. 

10 

PRC
Laws and Regulations on Employment and Social Welfare 

Labor
Law of the PRC 

Pursuant
to the Labor Law of the PRC, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on July 5, 1994 with an effective date of
January 1, 1995 and was last amended on August 27, 2009 and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, which was promulgated on June 29,
2007, became effective on January 1, 2008 and was last amended on December 28, 2012, with the amendments coming into effect
on July 1, 2013, enterprises and institutions shall ensure the safety and hygiene of a workplace, strictly comply with applicable rules
and standards on workplace safety and hygiene in China, and educate employees on such rules and standards. Furthermore, employers and
employees shall enter into written employment contracts to establish their employment relationships. Employers are required to inform
their employees about their job responsibilities, working conditions, occupational hazards, remuneration and other matters with which
the employees may be concerned. Employers shall pay remuneration to employees on time and in full accordance with the commitments set
forth in their employment contracts and with the relevant PRC laws and regulations. Our China subsidiaries currently comply with PRC
laws and regulations. 

Social
Insurance and Housing Fund 

Pursuant
to the Social Insurance Law of the PRC, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on October 28, 2010 and
became effective on July 1, 2011, employers in the PRC shall provide their employees with welfare schemes covering basic pension
insurance, basic medical insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, and occupational injury insurance. Our Hong Kong subsidiary
has not deposited the social insurance fees in full for all the employees in compliance with the relevant regulations. We may be ordered
by the social security premium collection agency to make or supplement contributions within a stipulated period, and shall be subject
to a late payment fine computed from the due date at the rate of 0.05 per day; where payment is not made within the stipulated period,
the relevant administrative authorities shall impose a fine ranging from one to three times the amount of the amount in arrears. Our
China subsidiaries have deposited the social insurance fees as required by relevant regulations. 

In
accordance with the Regulations on Management of Housing Provident Fund, which were promulgated by the State Council on April 3,
1999 and last amended on March 24, 2002, employers must register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts
for depositing employees housing funds. Employers and employees are also required to pay and deposit housing funds, with an amount
no less than 5 of the monthly average salary of the employee in the preceding year in full and on time. Our subsidiaries have not registered
at the designated administrative centers nor opened bank accounts for depositing employees housing funds. They also have not deposited
employees housing funds. Our subsidiaries may be ordered by the housing provident fund management center to complete the registration
formalities, open bank accounts, make the payment and deposit within a prescribed time limit if they become subject to PRC laws. Failing
to register or open bank accounts at the expiration of the time limit could result in fines of not less than 10,000 yuan nor more than
50,000 yuan. And an application may be made to a people s court for compulsory enforcement if payment and deposit has not been
made after the expiration of the time limit. 

PRC
Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange 

General
Administration of Foreign Exchange 

The
principal regulation governing foreign currency exchange in the PRC is the Administrative Regulations of the PRC on Foreign Exchange (the
 Foreign Exchange Regulations ), which were promulgated on January 29, 1996, became effective on April 1, 1996
and were last amended on August 5, 2008. Under these rules, Renminbi is generally freely convertible for payments of current account
items, such as trade- and service-related foreign exchange transactions and dividend payments, but not freely convertible for capital
account items, such as capital transfer, direct investment, investment in securities, derivative products or loans unless prior approval
by competent authorities for the administration of foreign exchange is obtained. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, foreign-invested
enterprises in the PRC may purchase foreign exchange without the approval of SAFE to pay dividends by providing certain evidentiary documents,
including board resolutions, tax certificates, or for trade- and services-related foreign exchange transactions, by providing commercial
documents evidencing such transactions. 

Circular
No. 37 and Circular No. 13 

Circular
37 was released by SAFE on July 4, 2014 and abolished Circular 75 which had been in effect since November 1, 2005. Pursuant
to Circular 37, a PRC resident should apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of overseas investments before it makes any capital
contribution to a special purpose vehicle, or SPV, using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests. SPVs are offshore
enterprises directly established or indirectly controlled by domestic residents for the purpose of investment and financing by utilizing
domestic or offshore assets or interests they legally hold. Following any significant change in a registered offshore SPV, such as capital
increase, reduction, equity transfer or swap, consolidation or division involving domestic resident individuals, the domestic individuals
shall amend the registration with SAFE. Where an SPV intends to repatriate funds raised after completion of offshore financing to the
PRC, it shall comply with relevant PRC regulations on foreign investment and foreign debt management. A foreign-invested enterprise
established through return investment shall complete relevant foreign exchange registration formalities in accordance with the prevailing
foreign exchange administration regulations on foreign direct investment and truthfully disclose information on the actual controller
of its shareholders. 

If
any shareholder who is a PRC resident (as determined by the Circular No. 37) holds any interest in an offshore SPV and fails to fulfil
the required foreign exchange registration with the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore SPV may be prohibited
from distributing their profits and dividends to their offshore parent company or from carrying out other subsequent cross-border foreign
exchange activities. The offshore SPV may also be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital to its PRC subsidiaries.
Where a domestic resident fails to complete relevant foreign exchange registration as required, fails to truthfully disclose information
on the actual controller of the enterprise involved in the return investment or otherwise makes false statements, the foreign 

11 

exchange
control authority may order them to take remedial actions, issue a warning, and impose a fine of less than RMB 300,000 on an institution
or less than RMB 50,000 on an individual. 

Circular
13 was issued by SAFE on February 13, 2015, and became effective on June 1, 2015. Pursuant to Circular 13, a domestic resident
who makes a capital contribution to an SPV using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests is no longer required
to apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of his or her overseas investments. Instead, he or she shall register with a bank
in the place where the assets or interests of the domestic enterprise in which he or she has interests are located if the domestic resident
individually seeks to make a capital contribution to the SPV using his or her legitimate domestic assets or interests; or he or she shall
register with a local bank at his or her permanent residence if the domestic resident individually seeks to make a capital contribution
to the SPV using his or her legitimate offshore assets or interests. 

We
cannot assure that our PRC beneficial shareholders have completed registrations in accordance with Circular 37. 

Circular
19 and Circular 16 

Circular
19 was promulgated by SAFE on March 30, 2015, and became effective on June 1, 2015. According to Circular 19, the foreign exchange
capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises, meaning the monetary contribution confirmed by the foreign exchange authorities
or the monetary contribution registered for account entry through banks, shall be granted the benefits of Discretional Foreign Exchange
Settlement Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement ). With Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement, foreign capital in
the capital account of a foreign-invested enterprise for which the rights and interests of monetary contribution have been confirmed
by the local foreign exchange bureau, or for which book-entry registration of monetary contribution has been completed by the bank, can
be settled at the bank based on the actual operational needs of the foreign-invested enterprise. The allowed Discretional Foreign Exchange
Settlement percentage of the foreign capital of a foreign-invested enterprise has been temporarily set to be 100 . The Renminbi
converted from the foreign capital will be kept in a designated account and if a foreign-invested enterprise needs to make any further
payment from such account, it will still need to provide supporting documents and to complete the review process with its bank. 

Furthermore,
Circular 19 stipulates that foreign-invested enterprises shall make bona fide use of their capital for their own needs within their business
scopes. The capital of a foreign-invested enterprise and the Renminbi it obtained from foreign exchange settlement shall not be used
for the following purposes: 

directly
 or indirectly used for expenses beyond its business scope or prohibited by relevant laws or regulations; 

directly
 or indirectly used for investment in securities unless otherwise provided by relevant laws or regulations; 

directly
 or indirectly used for entrusted loan in Renminbi (unless within its permitted scope of business), repayment of inter-company loans
 (including advances by a third party) or repayment of bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to a third party; or 

directly
 or indirectly used for expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for foreign-invested real
 estate enterprises). 

Circular
16 was issued by SAFE on June 9, 2016. Pursuant to Circular 16, enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign
debts from foreign currency to Renminbi on a self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for conversion of
foreign exchange capital items (including but not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary basis
applicable to all enterprises registered in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that an enterprise s Renminbi capital
converted from foreign currency-denominated capital may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope or
purposes prohibited by PRC laws or regulations, and such converted Renminbi capital shall not be provided as loans to non-affiliated
entities. 

Our
PRC subsidiaries distributions to their offshore parents are required to comply with the requirements as described above. 

PRC
Share Option Rules 

Under
the Administration Measures on Individual Foreign Exchange Control issued by the PBOC on December 25, 2006, all foreign exchange matters
involved in employee share ownership plans and share option plans in which PRC citizens participate require approval from SAFE or its
authorized branch. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed
companies may submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special
purpose companies. In addition, under the Notices on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Share Incentive Plans of Overseas Publicly-Listed Companies, or the Share Option Rules, issued by SAFE on February 15, 2012, PRC residents
who are granted shares or share options by companies listed on overseas stock exchanges under share incentive plans are required to (i)
register with SAFE or its local branches, (ii) retain a qualified PRC agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of the overseas listed company
or another qualified institution selected by the PRC subsidiary, to conduct the SAFE registration and other procedures with respect to
the share incentive plans on behalf of the participants, and (iii) retain an overseas institution to handle matters in connection with
their exercise of share options, purchase and sale of shares or interests and funds transfers. 

12 

PRC
Regulation of Dividend Distributions 

The
principal laws, rules and regulations governing dividend distributions by foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC are the Company Law
of the PRC, as amended, the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise Law and its implementation regulations, the Chinese-foreign Cooperative Joint
Venture Law and its implementation regulations, and the Chinese-foreign Equity Joint Venture Law and its implementation regulations.
Under these laws, rules and regulations, foreign-invested enterprises may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profit, if any,
as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Both PRC domestic companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC enterprises
are required to set aside a general reserve of at least 10 of their after-tax profit, until the cumulative amount of such reserve reaches
50 of their registered capital. A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have
been offset. Profits retained from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal
year. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
reader should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Prospectus. Some
of these risks relate principally to the Offering, while others relate principally to our business and the industry in which we operate
or to the securities markets generally and ownership of our securities specifically. The statements contained in this Prospectus that
are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our
business, financial condition, or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock, if and
when a market for our common stock develops, could decline, and an investor in our securities may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
may not be able to compete effectively against our competitors. 

We
face competition from well-established companies and small independent companies. We will be at a competitive disadvantage in obtaining
the facilities, staffing, financing, and other resources required to provide our services and products to customers. Our opportunity
to obtain customers may be limited by our financial resources and other assets. Our main competitors in marine tourism likely are Jetpon
Yacht Club, Lucky Bay Yacht Club and Ocean Blue Hatch Company. 

We
also face keen competition in the prospective business that we intend to engage, including manufacture and sales in energy-saving engines
and yachts, marina development and operation. In the energy-saving engines business, we believe that our main competitors are ERIC Boating,
HENSEN Yacht Company and Ikung Yacht Company. In the marina development and operation business, our main competitors likely are Seven
Star Marina in Shenzhen, Shenzhen Bay Yacht Marina and Wuyuan Bay Yacht Marina. In the yacht manufacturing business, our main competitors
likely are Jetpon Yacht Club, HAISEA Yacht Company and HENSEN Yacht Company. 

Many
of our main competitors are well-established companies with reputation in the respective industries. Therefore, there is no assurance
that we will be able to effectively compete against those competitors. 

Declines
or disruptions in the tourism industry generally could reduce our revenues. 

We
strongly rely on the health and growth of the tourism industry. Tourism is highly sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending
levels, and thus tends to decline during general economic downturns. In addition, other adverse trends or events that tend to reduce
tourism are likely to reduce our revenues. Also, due to the nature of our business, we may be subject to liability claims arising out
of accidents or disasters causing injury to our customers, including claims for serious personal injury or death. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at acceptable premium levels in the future. Successful assertion against
us of one or a series of large uninsured claims, or of one or a series of claims exceeding our insurance, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
lack of intellectual property protection might cause adverse impact to our business 

We
already have a trademark in China and will continue the process of applying trademarks in Taiwan and US. There is no assurance that the
trademark registration can be obtained timely. 

Our
lack of revenues and limited operations cause us unable to afford to establish an audit committee. 

We
are unable to afford establishing an audit committee due to limited operations and lack of revenue. 

We
may require additional capital to fund the expansion of our business, and our inability to obtain such capital could harm our business. 

To
support our expanding business, we must have sufficient capital to continue to make significant investments in our existing products
and advertising. We cannot assure you that cash generated by our operations will be sufficient to allow us to fund such expansion. If
cash flows from operations are not sufficient, we may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required to expand
our business. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to expand our business or to develop
new business at the rate desired and our operating results may suffer. Debt financing increases expenses, may contain covenants that
restrict the operation of our business, and must be repaid regardless of operating results. Equity financing, or debt financing that
is convertible into equity, could result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders. 

13 

Our
inability to obtain adequate capital resources, whether in the form of equity or debt, to fund our business and growth strategies may
require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all our operations or the expansion of our business, which may have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. 

We
don t have any substantial asset in the United States and may not be able to own substantial assets in the United States in the
near future. 

As
a Nevada corporation, we plan to be able to carry out business in the United States eventually. However, currently we don t have
any substantial assets in the U.S. and we may not be able to own any substantial assets in the near future. Lack of substantial assets
will make it difficult for us to launch business operations and delay the execution of our business plans in the U.S. 

If
our land use rights are revoked, we would have no operational capabilities or ability to conduct our business. 

Under
PRC law, land is owned by state or rural collective economic organizations. The State issues tenants the rights to use property. Rights
to use property can be revoked and tenants can be forced to vacate at any time when redevelopment of the land is in the public interest.
The public interest rationale is interpreted broadly and the process of land appropriation may be less than transparent. We rely on these
land use rights as the cornerstone of our operations, and the loss of such rights would have a detrimental effect on our business. 

COVID-19
pandemic might cause significant impact to our business operations 

Our
business had been adversely affected by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. Both China and Taiwan governments have imposed various
strict measures including, but not limited to, travel restrictions, mandatory quarantine requirements, and postponed resumption of business
operations. Considering the features of our business in the tourism and recreation industries, we have been experiencing business downturn
due to the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. Further, COVID-19 pandemic leads to worldwide health crisis, it has been harmfully influencing
the global economy and financial markets. the COVID-19 pandemic has not been effectively controlled so far, our businesses, results of
operations and net loss in 2022 was worse than that in 2021 and 2020. The Company s major income sources has
been coming from consultation services to the yacht marina operators which has been largely affected due to government emergency policies
to control leisure travel and activities. Most yacht marina operations of our clients have been stopped during the COVID-19 pandemic
which has imposed direct negative effect to the Company s income during the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect our consultation business
will resume once the COVID-19 pandemic will go away with government policies begin to allow some leisure travel and activities to resume
most of the yacht marina operations in China and Taiwan. 

Our
growth could strain our personnel and infrastructure resources, and if we are unable to implement appropriate controls and procedures
to manage our growth, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 

Our
success will depend in part upon management s ability to manage growth. To do so, we must continue to hire, train, and manage new
employees as needed. If our new hires perform poorly, or if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing, and integrating these
new employees, or if we are not successful in retaining our existing employees, our business may be harmed. To manage the expected growth
of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting
systems and procedures. The additional headcount and capital investments we are adding will increase our cost base, which will make it
more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by offsetting expense reductions in the short term. If we fail to successfully
manage our growth, we will be unable to execute our business plan. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

We
might not be able to receive the applicable governmental approval for the land use and the construction of marinas which might cause
us unable to carry out our marina business. 

Since
our current marina projects are all in China and China requires government approval for the land use and construction of marinas, if
we are unable to receive all the required approvals, we might not be able to start the marina development and may not be able to carry
out our marina business operations. 

Weather
conditions and natural disasters may have severe impact on our business operations and cause damage to our business 

The
entire yacht and marina industry is significantly affected by natural disasters and weather conditions. In the cold weather season, overall
customer consumption will be reduced. Weather conditions of natural disasters can also affect our business performance. For example,
drought can bring risks to shipping, hurricanes or other storms can also cause operational interruptions, or damage ships and dock facilities. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in the PRC 

Lack
of experienced professionals might cause us unable to find adequate workforce to fulfill our demand. 

Currently,
even though there is a growing yacht industry in China, there are not enough professional personnel to manage these specialized services.
Furthermore, there are no companies that focus on training these essential personnel. The personnel in the marina management, yacht service,
event planning, repair and maintenance do not meet the high demand of the yacht services. 

14 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us and we may have limited legal recourse under PRC law if disputes arise
under our contracts with third parties. 

China
has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of
economic activities in the PRC. Because these laws and regulations are relatively new, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws
and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some
of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, sometimes we may not be aware
of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after violation. 

The
PRC government has enacted some laws and regulations dealing with matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment,
commerce, taxation, and trade. However, their experience in implementing, interpreting, and enforcing these laws and regulations is limited,
and our ability to enforce commercial claims or to resolve commercial disputes is unpredictable. The resolution of these matters may
be subject to the exercise of considerable discretion by agencies of the PRC government, and forces unrelated to the legal merits of
a particular matter or dispute may influence their determination. Any rights we may have to specific performance, or to seek an injunction
under PRC law, in either of these cases, are severely limited, and without a means of recourse by virtue of the PRC legal system, we
may be unable to prevent these situations from occurring. The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Capital
outflow policies in the PRC may hamper our ability to remit income to the United States. 

The
PRC has adopted currency and capital transfer regulations. These regulations may require that we comply with complex regulations for
the movement of capital and as a result we may not be able to remit income earned and proceeds received in connection with our operations
or from the sale of our operating subsidiary to the U.S. or to our shareholders. 

Increases
in labor costs in the PRC may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The
economy in China has experienced increases in inflation and labor costs in recent years. As a result, average wages in the PRC are expected
to continue to increase. In addition, we are required by PRC laws and regulations to pay various statutory employee benefits, including
pension, housing fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance to designated
government agencies for the benefit of our employees. The relevant government agencies may examine whether an employer has made adequate
payments to the statutory employee benefits, and those employers who fail to make adequate payments may be subject to late payment fees,
fines and/or other penalties. We expect that our labor costs, including wages and employee benefits, will continue to increase. Unless
we are able to control our labor costs or pass on these increased labor costs to our users by increasing the fees of our services, our
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Your
ability to bring an action against us or against our directors and officer, or to enforce a judgment against us or them, will be limited
because we conduct all our operations in the PRC and because all our directors and the majority of our officers reside outside of the
United States. 

We
are a company in Nevada but all our assets are located outside of the United States. All our current operations are conducted in the
PRC and Taiwan. In addition, all our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A
substantial portion of the assets of these persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to
effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts 
judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors, none of whom
are residents in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are located outside of the United States. In addition,
there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Our counsel as to PRC law
has advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law .
Courts in the PRC may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures
Law based on treaties between the PRC and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. The
PRC does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments
with the United States. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law , courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign
judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty,
security, or the public interest. Therefore, it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the
United States. 

It
may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigation or collect evidence within China. 

Shareholder
claims or regulatory investigation that are common in the United States generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality
in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations
or litigations initiated outside China. Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the security s
regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the
security s regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation
mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities
regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the PRC territory. While detailed interpretation
of or implementation rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly
conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further increase the difficulties you face in protecting your
interests. 

15 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in Taiwan 

1.
Political Issue 

Taiwan
is surrounded by sea and the coastline is curved long. The population density is high around the west coast and Taiwan Strait. The Taiwan
vessels are allowed to cruise offshore only on the west coast due to the political issue between Taiwan and PRC. It harmfully influences
the accessibility of Taiwan vessels along the west coast and sea tourism eventually. 

2.
Consumer Prospect 

Most
consumers do not well understand the luxury yachts market and are price-conscious in the past. As a result, the sightseeing boats with
high-carrying capacity are targeted. The operating costs between luxury yachts and sightseeing boats are hugely different. More educational
and promotional activities should be launched to arouse potential consumers how the luxury yachts valued for money. 

3.
Climate Issue 

Taiwan
is located in the subtropical and tropical areas with typhoons in Summer and strong seasonal wind in Winter normally. Therefore, the
sea tourism in Summer and Winter is adversely affected. Intense sales and marketing activities are required. 

4.
Competition 

The
government of Taiwan maintains a favorable stance on the development of the yacht industry. As such, the continued investments in yacht
related businesses and marina infrastructure by the government has led to fierce competition among the companies here. Due to the limited
number of ports along the coastline, additional effort and funds will be required to capture market share. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
are offering 10,000,000 common stock without an underwriter and may be unable to sell any shares. We are not going to engage the services
of an underwriter to sell the shares; we intend to sell our shares through our officers and sole director, who will receive no commissions.
They will offer the shares to friends, family members, and business associates, however, there is no guarantee that they will be able
to sell any of the shares. Unless they are successful in selling all of the shares and we receive the proceeds from this offering, we
may have to seek alternative financing to implement our business plan. 

Because
there is no minimum proceeds the Company can receive from its offering of 10,000,000 shares. The Company may not raise sufficient capital
to implement its planned business and your entire investment could be lost. 

The
Company is making its offering of 10,000,000 shares of common stock on a best-efforts basis and there is no minimum amount of proceeds
the Company may receive. Funds raised under this offering will not be held in trust or in any escrow account and all funds raised regardless
of the amount will be available to the Company. In the event the company does not raise sufficient capital to implement its planned operations,
your entire investment could be lost. As the company is still in its infancy and weathering the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, our
major shareholders agreed to provide sufficient funding for company operations if needed. 

There
is no liquidity and no established public market for our common stock and we may not be successful at obtaining a quotation on a recognized
quotation service. In such an event it may be difficult to sell your shares. We may, in the future, issue additional common shares, which
would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 70,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of
the date of this prospectus, the Company had 25,546,810 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares
unless they sell them. 

We
intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their
shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. 

Our
auditor is headquartered in Irvine, California. Our auditor, YCM CPA INC, is an independent registered public accounting firm with
the PCAOB, and as an auditor of publicly traded companies in the U.S., is subject to laws in the U.S. pursuant to which the PCAOB
conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor has been inspected by
the PCAOB on a regular basis. Also, the SEC, U.S. Department of Justice DOJ and other authorities often have
substantial difficulties in conducting investigations and inspections or in bringing and enforcing actions against non-U.S. persons,
including company directors and officers, in certain emerging markets, including China. 

Our
dual-class share structure with different voting rights will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could discourage others
from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our common shares may view as beneficial. 

16 

We
have adopted a dual-class share structure such that our shares consist of common shares and Preferred Shares. In respect of matters requiring
the votes of shareholders, each common share is entitled to one vote and each Preferred Share is entitled to fifty (50) votes. Each Preferred
Shares may be converted into ten (10) common shares by its holder. 

We
have authorized 5,000,000 Preferred Shares and Honetech Inc, a Samoa company, beneficially owns all of the 832,000 issued and outstanding
Preferred Shares. Mr. Yun-Kuang Kung through the appointment by Honetech Inc, exercise the voting power of these preferred stock. Therefore,
Honetech Inc and Yun-Kuang Kung both control 41,600,000 votes, which constitute approximately 54.7 of the aggregate voting power of
the Company assuming we are able to successfully sell all the 10,000,000 shares registered in our Registration Statement. 

As
a result of this dual-class share structure, the holder of our Preferred Shares will have concentrated control over the outcome of matters
put to a vote of shareholders and have significant influence over our business, including decisions regarding mergers, consolidations,
liquidations, and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election of directors and other significant corporate actions.
The holder of Preferred Shares may take actions that are not in the best interest of us or our other shareholders. This concentration
of ownership may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company, which could have the effect of depriving our other
shareholders of the opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and may reduce the price of the
common share. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could discourage others from pursuing
any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transactions that holders of common shares may view as beneficial. 

Our
common shares may be thinly traded and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to sell your shares to raise
money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Our
common shares may be thinly-traded , meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or
near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation may be attributable to a number of factors,
including the fact that we are relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment
community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse
and might be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time
as we became more seasoned. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal
or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support
continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. A broad or active public trading market for our common shares may not develop
or be sustained. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if the publish a negative report regarding
our common shares, the price of our common shares and trading volume could decline. 

Any
trading market for our common shares may depend in part on the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade us, the price
of our common shares would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish
reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price of our common shares and the trading volume
to decline. 

The
market price for our common shares may be volatile. 

The
trading price of our common shares may be volatile and could fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. This may happen because
of the broad market and industry factors, like the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business
operations located mainly in China that have listed their securities in the United States. A number of Chinese companies have listed
or are in the process of listing their securities on U.S. stock markets. The securities of some of these companies have experienced significant
volatility, including price declines in connection with their initial public offerings. The trading performances of these Chinese companies 
securities after their offerings may affect the attitudes of investors toward Chinese companies listed in the United States in general
and consequently may impact the trading performance of our common shares, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

The
market price for our common shares may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations due to factors such as: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

changes
 in financial estimates by securities research analysts; 

negative
 publicity, studies, or reports; 

our
 capability to catch up with the technology innovations in the industry; 

changes
 in the economic performance or market valuations; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

addition
 or departure of key personnel; 

17 

fluctuations
 of exchange rates between RMB, NTD and the U.S. dollar; and 

general
 economic or political conditions in Taiwan and China. 

In
addition, the securities market has from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common shares. 

Volatility
in our common share price may subject us to securities litigation. 

The
market for our common shares may have, when compared to seasoned issuers, significant price volatility and we expect that our share price
may continue to be more volatile than that of a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated
securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in
the future, be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert
management s attention and resources. 

In
order to raise sufficient funds to enhance operations, we may have to issue additional securities at prices which may result in substantial
dilution to our shareholders. 

If
we raise additional funds through the sale of equity or convertible debt, our current shareholders percentage ownership will be
reduced. In addition, these transactions may dilute the value of common shares outstanding. We may have to issue securities that may
have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to our common shares. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to raise additional
funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If future financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may not
be able to fund our future needs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business plans, prospects, results of operations
and financial condition. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
subsidiary entity, Khashing Yachts, owns a tourist yacht in Guangzhou, China. It is a 13.6 meters long yacht manufactured by Taiwan
Kai Shing in 2016. 

Additionally,
we leased Wenzhou Yangfushan Marina for five years starting from January 15, 2021. The marina has opened in 2021 and operates yacht chartering,
wedding photography, marina advertising, sailing events, yacht training, yacht sales, electric boat bases, etc. The marina has 18 berths
that can fit yachts up to 60 feet, and can provide temporary berths of 115 feet. At the same time, the marina also has a 2,100 square
feet office space that can be used for management and sailing training. The annual rent includes a fixed fee of 137,676 (RMB 888,000),
which increases by 2 every year, 15 of annual ads fee earned by the Marina with the lowest amount of 13,954 (RMB 90,000), and 10 
of sailboat training fee with the lowest amount of 4,651 (RMB 30,000). 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
had two labor disputes with our prior employees for their dismission compensation. In the case of Jiehui Ye, we will reimburse
him with 4,175 (RMB28,793) based on the court order. In the case of Yuan Lin, we have appealed to Guangzhou Intermediate People's
Court and are awaiting for the court s final judgement. 

ITEM
4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

No
report required. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR EQUITY SECURITIES AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

MARKET
INFORMATION 

Preferred
stock, 0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; 832,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Common
stock, 0.001 par value; 70,000,000 shares authorized; 25,546,810 and 25,556,810 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB market under the symbol VIVC. 

18 

DIVIDENDS 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Statements
made in this Annual Report that are not historical or current facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe
harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, 
 believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate or continue, or the negative thereof.
We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers
not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements
represent management s commercially reasonable judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements
are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently
to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Overview 

VIVIC
CORP. VIVC is a corporation established under the corporation laws in the State of Nevada on February 16, 2017. Starting
December 27, 2018, associated with the change of management, we expanded our business operations to include new types of marine tourism.
In addition, we started making efforts to enter into the businesses of constructing marinas and constructing yachts in the mainland China
under the brand of Monte Fino. Monte Fino is a famous yacht brand owned by Taiwan Kha Shing Yacht Company, one of the leading yacht manufacturers
in the world. 

It
has also developed and operates Joy Wave , an online yacht rental and leisure service business in Guangzhou, China. In the
mainland China and Taiwan, primarily through the Internet, we provide third-party yacht and marine tourism services. This marine tourism
involves high quality coastal tourism attractions in Taiwan and China including Hainan, Guangdong, Xiamen, and Quanzhou. 

In
the field of marine tourism, the number of yachts that can be rented has been increased through a yacht-sharing program system, which
can provide services for more customers. 

We
also started to develop energy-saving yacht engines. Because it has advanced technology, it can achieve up to 50 energy efficiency.
This energy-saving and innovative technology may be applied to new energy-saving engines for yachts. This innovative technology may bring
favorable changes to the yachting industry and promote a low-carbon tourism for global environmental protection. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Our
business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic with the authority s implementation of various preventive measures including,
but not limited to, travel bans and restrictions, mandatory quarantine requirements, limited business activities and operations, and
shelter-in-place orders. These measures have led to, and are continuing to lead to, business slowdowns or shutdowns worldwide. The global
economy and financial markets have been adversely influenced as well. Considering the features of our business in the tourism and recreation
industries, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused a reduction in the demand for recreational trips and activities. Our business has been experiencing
the downturn with the COVID-19 pandemic. It is expected that our business will be resumed, at least, after the abolition of the travel
restrictions and mandatory quarantine requirements. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include
adjustments relating to the recover ability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
we be unable to continue in operation. 

We
generated net revenues from continuing operations of 106,322 and 220,947 for years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The decrease in net revenues was primarily because the revenue deriving from consulting services rendered on sales
and marketing of yachts decreased. 

The
cost of revenue from continuing operations incurred were 82,694 and 366,852 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

19 

The
gross profits were 23,628 and (145,905) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The rising gross
profit in 2022 was mainly due to an increase in exhibition of yachts. 

The
general and administrative expenses incurred were 1,199,763 and 1,186,801 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in lease
cost. 

Other
income (expense) was 216,480 and (1,277,668) for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other income (expense)
comprises of investment gain (loss), loss on loan settlement, interest expense, interest income and others. Loss on loan settlement was
 2,000 and 1,340,664 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
net losses from continuing operations were 959,664 and 2,610,833 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The main reason for the decreased losses was primarily attributable to a decrease in loss on loan settlement. 

LIQUIDITY
AND GOING CONCERN 

We
had 163,439 cash and cash equivalents and working capital deficit of 1,447,880 as of December 31, 2022 and net loss of 981,552 during
the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, with respect to the ongoing and evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, which was designated
as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak has caused substantial disruption in international economies
and global trades and if repercussions of the outbreak are prolonged, could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s
business. 

Net
cash provided by(used in) operating activities from continuing operations 

The
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations were 31,106 and (894,990) for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the most affected the net cash provided by
operating activities were the accrued liabilities and other payables of 1,188,346 and increase in receipt in advance 903,636
offset by the net loss 959,664 and inventory 1,465,548. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the most affected the net cash
used in operating activities were the net loss 2,610,833 offset by the loss on loan settlement of 1,340,664 and increase in
receipt in advance 204,442. 

Net
cash used in investing activities from continuing operations 

The
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations were 43,306 and 350,297 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The change is primarily attributable to the investment and disposal of Ocean Way and purchase of PPE for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 

The
net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations were 117,420 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 902,383 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net cash provided for these two periods was mostly attributed from the
cash proceeds from loans and issuance of common stocks. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the cash generated from financing activities
included proceeds from loans 50,000 and proceeds from related party 112,910. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the cash
used in financing activities were repayment of related party 179,571 and the cash generated from financing activities included
proceeds from loans 1,081,954. 

Going
Concern 

The
independent auditors report accompanying our financial statements contain a note expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, 
which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we have not established a recurring source of revenue to sufficiently cover its operating costs in
the next twelve months. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise additional capital and implement business and expansion plans. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recover ability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our
management believes that the current actions to obtain additional funding and implement our strategic plans provide the opportunity for
us to continue as a going concern. There are no assurances that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if
available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. 

PLAN
OF OPERATION AND FUNDING 

We
expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances
of securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business. 

Existing
working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations
over the next six months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to
date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates
additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) developmental expenses associated with business
and (ii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter,
we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long- term operating requirements. Additional issuances
of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current 

20 

shareholders.
Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available
upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to
take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business
operations. 

MATERIAL
COMMITMENTS 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any material commitments. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current
or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions which affect the reported the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses
and related disclosures. Accounting policies are critical and necessary to account for the material estimates and assumptions on our
consolidated financial statements. For further information on all of our significant accounting policies, see the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements of this Annual Report. 

Revenue
recognition 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Company recognizes revenues when goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those
goods or services. In determining when and how revenues are recognized from contracts with customers, the Company performs the following
five-step analysis: (i) identification of contract with customer (ii) determination of performance obligations (iii) measurement
of the transaction price (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations, and (v) recognition of revenues
when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. The Company derives revenues from the processing, distribution, and sale
of its products. 

Net
loss per share 

The
Company calculates net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share. Basic income per share
is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income
per share is computed similar to basic income per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional
common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common
shares were dilutive. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

In
April 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses,
Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments ASU 2019-04 which clarifies treatment
of certain credit losses. In May 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-05, F inancial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Targeted Transition Relief ASU 2019-05 which provides an option to irrevocably elect to measure certain individual
financial assets at fair value instead of amortized cost. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019- 11, Codification
Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASU 2019- 11 ), which provides guidance around
how to report expected recoveries. In February 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU No. 2020-02, Financial
Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) ASU 2020-02 which provides updated guidance on how an entity should
measure credit losses on financial instruments and delayed the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting companies.
ASU 2016- 13, ASU 2018- 19, ASU 2019-04, ASU 2019-05, ASU 2019- 11 and ASU 2020-02 (collectively, ASC 326 are effective
for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASC 326 did not
have a material impact on the Company s recognition of financial instruments within the scope of the standard. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No 2019- 12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU 2019- 12 ). ASU 2019- 12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 in Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles. ASU 2019- 12 is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted.
The Company does not expect ASU 2019- 12 to have a material effect on the Company s current financial position, results of operations
or financial statement disclosures. 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-03, Codification Improvements to Financial Instruments ASU 2020-03 ).
ASU 2020-03 improves and clarifies various financial instruments topics. ASU 2020-03 includes seven different issues that describe the
areas of improvement and the related amendments to GAAP, intended to make the standards easier to understand and apply by eliminating
inconsistencies and providing clarifications. The Company adopted ASU 2020-03 upon issuance, which did not have a material effect on
the Company s current financial position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures 

21 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate
Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions
to the US GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens related to the expected
market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. ASU
2020-04 is effective beginning on March 12, 2020, and the Company may elect to apply the amendments prospectively through December 31,
2022. The Company does not expect ASU 2020-04 to have a material effect on the Company s current financial position, results of
operations or financial statement disclosures. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

22 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

VIVIC
CORP. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 24 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 25 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 26 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 27 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 28 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 29 

23 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Shareh olders
of VIVIC CORP. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of VIVIC CORP. and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the Company currently has a working capital deficit, continued net losses and negative cash flows from operations. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these
matters are also described in Note 3. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of these uncertainties. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

PCAOB
ID 
 
March 30, 2023 

24 

VIVIC
 CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 AUDITED 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Deposits and prepayments 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Current
 assets from discontinued operations 
 - 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Long-term investment 
 - 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 Construction in process 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Non-current
 assets from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Due to related parties 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities-current 

Current
 liabilities from discontinued operations 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities-noncurrent 

Promissory note 

Non-current
 liabilities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Vivic Corp. shareholders (deficit) equity 

Non-controlling interest 
 - 

Total shareholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

25 

VIVIC
 CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 
 AUDITED 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Loss on loan settlement 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

NET LOSS 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to Vivic Corp. 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign currency translation loss 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net loss per share Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

26 

VIVIC
 CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 
 AUDITED 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Equity
 attributable to VIVIC Corp. shareholders 

Accumulated 

other 

Total 

Additional 
 comprehensive 

shareholders 

Preferred
 stock 
 Common
 stock 
 paid-in 
 (loss) 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 (deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 deficit 
 interests 
 equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Shares issued for loan settlement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for acquiring
 ownership of subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December
 31, 2021 

Cancellation of shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for loan settlement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition of minority equity
 of a subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation
 adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December
 31, 2022 

- 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

27 

VIVIC
 CORP. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 AUDITED 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation of property, plant, and equipment 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Bad debt direct write-off and provision 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in provision for inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Investment loss (gain) 

Impairment of goodwill 
 - 

Loss on loan settlement 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Deposits and prepayments 

Inventory 

Other receivable 

Other non-current assets 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Lease liability 

Income tax 
 - 

Net cash provided by /(used in) operating activities from continuing operations 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by/(used in)
 operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment in a subsidiary 

Disposal of subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of PPE 

Purchase of Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations 
 (43,306 
 (350,297 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment to related parties 

Proceeds from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from loans 

Proceeds from issuance of common stocks 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from promissory note 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect on exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

Cash from continuing operations 

Cash from discontinued operations 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Cash from continuing operations 

Cash from discontinued operations 
 - 

Supplemental Cash Flows Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income tax 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing Activities: 

Conversion of debts to common stock 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

28 

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of VIVC and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances
and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Expenditure
for repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred. When assets have retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

measured
as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority
assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

The
Company is subject to tax in local and foreign jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that
are subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities. 

Period/annual average RMB:US exchange rate 

Period/year-end HK :US exchange rate 

Period/annual average HK :US exchange rate 

Period/year-end TWD:US exchange rate 

Period/annual average TWD:US exchange rate 

Deposit
Insurance Corporation s insured limit. Balances in excess of federally insured limitations may not be insured. The Company has
not experienced losses on these accounts, and management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

cash and cash equivalents and working capital deficit of as of December 31, 2022 and net loss of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, with respect to the ongoing and evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, which
was designated as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak has caused substantial disruption in international
economies and global trades and if repercussions of the outbreak are prolonged, could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s
business. 

The
continuation of the Company as a going concern through March 30, 2024 is dependent upon the continued financial support from its
shareholders. The Company is actively pursuing additional financing for its operations via potential loans and equity issuance. However,
there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These
and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recover ability and classification
of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

(RMB1,080,000). In the year ended December 31, 2022, an investment gain of has been
recognized 

Yacht mould 
 
 - 
 
 Motor vehicle 

Office equipment 

Property Plant and Equipment, Gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Construction in process 

Total 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

- 
 
 Total intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization 
 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 0 were used for purchase of intangible assets, respectively. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Prepayments (a) 

Deposits and Prepayment, net 

(a) 

- 
 
 Work-in-progress 

Consigned processing goods 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

Less: inventory impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory, net 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Accrued expenses 

Other payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payable 

Accrued
expenses and other payable comprise of accrued salaries, audit fee and borrowing from third party. The amount will be settled in next
twelve months. 

The
Company leases premises for offices and dock for operating under non-cancelable operating leases with initial terms of 5 years and the
effective interest rate of 5.168 per annum. Operating lease payments are expended over the term of lease. The Company leases don t
include options to extend nor any restrictions or covenants. Under the terms of the lease agreements, the Company has no legal or contractual
asset retirement obligations at the end of the lease. 

Operating lease liabilities-current 

Operating lease liabilities-noncurrent 

Total 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Tax effect of allowance 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Taiwan 

The
Company s Taiwan branch operating in Taiwan is subject to the Taiwan Profits Tax at the income tax rates ranging from 20 on the
assessable income arising in Taiwan during its tax year. The operation in Taiwan incurred an operating loss and there is no provision
for income tax for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Hong
Kong 

The
Company s subsidiary operating in Hong Kong is subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the tax rates ranging from 8.25 to 16.5 
on the assessable income arising in Hong Kong during its tax year. The operation in Hong Kong incurred an operating loss and there is
no provision for income tax for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
People s Republic of China 

The
Company s subsidiary operating in The People s Republic of China PRC) is subject to the PRC Income Tax at the unified
rate of 25 on the assessable income arising in PRC during its tax year. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Loss before income taxes 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Net operating loss against valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

-	Taiwan 

-	Hong Kong 

-	PRC 

Total 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the operations from the Company s continuing operations is incurred 959,664 of cumulative net
operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance
against the deferred tax assets 230,348 on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss from the Company s
continuing operations carry forwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized
in the future. 

preferred shares and common shares with a par value of per share. 

Preferred
Shares 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of shares of its preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Shares 

On
February 15, 2022, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock to settle a debt in the amount of 50,000, at an agreed conversion
price of 1.0 per share. A loss of 2,000 on the loan settlement has been recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
March 22, 2022, the Company cancelled 60,000 shares of common stock previously issued to its former CFO due to termination of employment. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and shares of its common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

Weighted average common stock outstanding Basic and Diluted 

Net (loss) income per share of common stock basic and diluted 

and consulting fee to Go Right Holdings Limited., during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Apart
from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the
Company has no other significant or material related party transactions during the periods presented. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our president and chief executive officer (who is acting as our principal executive officer) and chief financial
officer (who is acting as our principal financial officer and principle accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our president and chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based
on the foregoing, our president and chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the evaluation performed,
our management concluded that due to lack of segregation of duties and written control policies, our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Although
we have basic internal control system, we have insufficient staff to fulfill and supervise the internal control procedures, due to our
limited operation and income. In addition, our accounting staff lack the US GAAP knowledge, which is critical to the effectiveness of
our internal control. 

Remediation
of Material Weakness 

We
plan to expand our business and generate more income in the future. Therefore, we can spend more resources in hiring more experienced
staff to strengthen our internal control. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

37 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Except
as discussed above there were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with
this evaluation that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

38 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS OF THE COMPANY 

Shang-Chiai
Kung, CEO, CFO, Chairman of the Board and Board Director, 83 years old, is a resident of Taiwan. He received degree from An-Ping
Junior High School. He was the Chairman of Kha Shing Enterprise Co., Ltd. (Taiwan) from 1988 to 2004. From 2008 till now, he is Chairman
of Go Right Holdings Ltd. From 2013 till now, he is Chairman of Jiexing Argicultural Technology Co., Ltd. 

Kun-Teng
Liao, Secretary and Board Director, 55 years old, is a resident of Taiwan. He received an MBA degree from Seton Hall University,
New Jersey, US, in 2013. From 2006 to 2016, he was the chairman of EcallBuy Trading Company Limited. He is Executive Director and General
Manager of the subsidiary company, Guangzhou Hysoul Yacht Company Ltd. since May, 2019. He is also Executive Director and General Manager
of subsidiary, Zhejiang Jiaxu Yacht Company Ltd. since July 2021. 

Kevin
Lee Board Director, 52 years old, is a resident of Taiwan. He received a bachelor degree from National Taiwan
University,Taiwan, in 1988 and Columbia University, New York, US, in 1996. He was an Investment Manager of Sun Light Life Insurance
Co. Ltd from 1994 till 1996. He was a Senior Manager of American Express Bank Taiwan Branch from 1998 till 2001. He was a Senior
Manager of Taiwan Dahua Securities Co, Ltd from 2001 till 2004. He was CFO of Bilpuri Life Sciences Co., Ltd from 2004 till 2011. He
was a Managing Director and Partner of Xinzhongli Dongxin Investment Co. Ltd from 2011 till 2013. He was an executive director of
Tianrun International Holding Group Company from 2013 till 2017. He was also a Board advisor of Synthesis Energy Systems Company
from 2016 till 2017. He was a partner of the Medical and Health Development Fund under China Minsheng Investment Group from May to
October 2017. He was Chairman's adviser of Zhengrong Energy Investment Co. Ltd from 2017 till 2019. He is a director of Beijing
Yunqing Equity Investment Fund Management Co. LTD since 2019. 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE 

We
do not have an audit committee financial expert. We do not have an audit committee financial expert because we believe the cost related
to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

After
the change of management in December 2022, we have not paid any compensation to our officers and directors. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 regarding the ownership of our common stock by each shareholder known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our outstanding shares of common stock, each director and all executive
officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders has sole voting and investment power with
respect to the shares of common stock beneficially owned. 

Officers/Directors 
 Address 
 No. of Shares 
 Percentage 
 
 Kun-Teng Liao (Secretary and Board Director) 
 No. 15 Chen Yu Rd., Changhua,
 Taiwan 50020 
 174,000 
 0.68 

Officers and Directors as Total 
 174,000 
 0.68 

5 and above shareholder 

Cheng-Lung Soong 
 10F, No. 59, Ln. 112, Jihu Rd., Zhongshan Dist.Taipei, Taiwan 
 2,039,000 
 7.98 
 
 Go Right Holdings Ltd. 
 No. 7, Aly 1, Ln. 143, Sec. 2, Lin-An Rd., N. Dist. Tainan, Taiwan 
 2,624,800 
 10.27 
 
 Liu-Shiang Kung Hwang 
 No. 7, Aly 1, Ln. 143, Sec. 2, Lin-An Rd., N. Dist. Tainan, Taiwan 
 1,875,562 
 7.34 
 
 Kun-Horng Tsai 
 3F, No. 66, Ln. 133, Dongfeng Rd., N. Dist. Tainan, Taiwan 
 1,784,000 
 6.98 
 
 Huilan Chen 
 1091 Rising Moon Trail, Snellville, GA. 30078 
 1,589,686 
 6.22 
 
 Miao-Chuan Ho 
 No. 22, Ln. 480 Wenxian Rd., N. Dist. Tainan, Taiwan 
 1,455,000 
 5.70 
 
 ANHUA TU 
 Room 702, Building 22,
 Yuding Supreme, Hongwen Qili, Siming. Dist. Xiamen, China 
 1,500,000 
 5.87 
 
 BINCHANG TU 
 Room 702, Building 22,
 Yuding Supreme, Hongwen Qili, Siming. Dist. Xiamen, China 
 2,500,000 
 9.79 

5 and above shareholder as Total 
 12,868,048 
 60.15 

(1) The
percentages below are based on 25,546,810 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

39 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTION 

In
support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it may rely on advances from related parties until such time that the Company
can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. There is no formal
written commitment for continued support by officers, directors, or shareholders. Amounts represent advances or amounts paid in satisfaction
of liabilities. The advances are considered temporary in nature and have not been formalized by a promissory note. 

Due
to related parties represented temporary advances to the Company by the shareholders of the Company, which were unsecured,
interest-free and had no fixed terms of repayments. Imputed interests from related parties loan are not significant. The
balance of due to related parties from the Company s continuing operations was 189,618 and 451,230 as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed 94,392 from related parties, repaid
 45,490 to related parties. 

The
Company paid no consulting fee to Go Right Holdings Limited., who owns approximately 22 of the Company s outstanding common stocks
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company paid 0 and 180,000 consulting fee to Go Right Holdings Limited., during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Apart
from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the
Company has no other significant or material related party transactions during the periods presented. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
current independent registered public accounting firm is YCM CPA Inc. Whom we engaged on March 23, 2022. The following table shows their
fees for audit and other services in relation to our 2022 and 2021 fiscal years: 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit service: 
 50,000 
 35,000 
 
 Audited related services: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax service: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Others: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 50,000 
 35,000 

HKCM
CPA Co. served as our independent registered public accounting firm in the year of 2020 and reviewed our quarterly reports in
the year of 2021. The following table shows their fees for audit and other services in relation to our 2022 and 2021 fiscal
years: 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit service: 
 - 
 12,000 
 
 Audited related services: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax service: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Others: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 - 
 12,000 

40 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibits: 

31.
1 31.2 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule
13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

32.
1 32. 1 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS
XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

101.LAB
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

41 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Vivic
 Corp 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai Kung 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, Director Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 
 Shang-Chiai Kung 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive, 
 CFO, (Principal Accounting Officer) Officer, Chairman of the Board, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin Lee 
 Kevin Lee 
 
 Director,

March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Kun-Teng Liao 
 Kun-Teng Liao 
 
 Director
 and Secretary 
 
 March
 30, 2023 

<EX-31>
 2
 vivc-ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
Of The Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Shang-Chiai Kung, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivic Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

6. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have indicated in this report whether or not there were significant changes in
 internal controls or on other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent
 evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Dated: March
 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 vivc-ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
Of The Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Shang-Chiai Kung, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivic Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
 recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

6. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have indicated in this report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
 controls or on other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation,
 including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Dated: March
 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ 
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 vivc-ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vivic Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shang-Chiai Kung, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: 
 March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 vivc-ex32_2.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vivic Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shang-Chiai Kung, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: March
 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vivc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vivc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vivc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vivc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

